




 

TD Bank Group - Banking, Wealth Management & Insurance | TD Bank Group



























 Skip to main content 














Français
简体中文
繁體中文






Search
Contact Us











You are in this section:About TDInvestor RelationsEconomicsCareersCorporate ResponsibilityTo Our CustomersYou are in this section:Our BusinessCorporate InformationCorporate GovernanceTD Newsroom










Welcome to TD



























 

































TD Bank Group offers a full range of financial products and services through the following businesses:





Canada


U.S.



Show All











Personal Banking


TD Canada Trust






Small Business Banking


TD Canada Trust






Commercial Banking


TD Commercial Banking








Insurance


TD Insurance






Asset Management


TD Asset Management






Wholesale Banking


TD Securities








Auto Financing


TD Auto Finance






Investing


TD Wealth






Direct Investing


TD Direct Investing









You ask, TD Helps answers


Ask an expert online today.












Personal Banking


TD Bank






Small Business Banking


TD Bank






Commercial Banking


TD Bank








Auto Financing


TD Auto Financing






Investing


TD Wealth Private Client Group






Investing


TD Bank Personal Financial Services








Direct Investing


TD Ameritrade









Questions? Ask TD Helps.


Start the conversation













Personal Banking


Canada

TD Canada Trust

US

TD Bank







Small Business Banking


Canada

TD Canada Trust

US

TD Bank







Commercial Banking


Canada

TD Commercial Banking

US

TD Commercial Banking









Insurance


Canada

TD Insurance







Asset Management


Canada

TD Asset Management







Wholesale Banking


Canada

TD Securities









Auto Financing


Canada

TD Auto Finance

US

TD Auto Finance







Investing


Canada

TD Wealth

US

TD Wealth
TD Ameritrade






























TD Bank Online Banking














TD Bank | Personal Banking, Small Business Banking, Mortgages and Loans, investments




















































 Skip to main content 















 About Us
Locations
Customer Service

En Español






















 






 
TD Bank | Personal Banking, Small Business Banking, Mortgages and Loans, Investments













 
									










Online Banking

Log in
  Sign up
Learn more 

TD Bank BusinessDirect

Log in
  Sign up
Learn more


Protect yourself against fraud
 Log in to other accounts


Locations







  Go




Call 1-888-751-9000 24/7
														A human in 

min
mins


sec
secs













Banking made easy





































What's happening in your life?


















Expand Video Transcript 

									Welcome to TD Bank - America's Most Convenient Bank
									
									Our Mobile Banking App offers flexibility, convenience, and security.
									
									Our Mobile Banking App allows you to navigate with ease by using our intuitive dashboard. From the dashboard you can use quick links to navigate and a slide out menu to access features.
									
									Our Mobile Banking App offers convenience on the go while you are out and about. You can check your account balances, view and perform transactions, and view your check images. Our funds transfer feature allows you to move funds immediately between your accounts or schedule future transfers. Our bill pay feature is easy to use and you can pay almost any company or person.
									
									Our Mobile Banking App offers check deposit right from your phone, anywhere, anytime. It is so simple to deposit a check from your phone; the camera auto takes the picture for you.
									
									We have many other great features in our mobile app, such as TouchID login from Apple. You can send and receive secure messages in your app inbox. You can view months' worth of online statements. You can update your personal settings, such as contact information, and change your password. Finding a branch location is fast and easy with our branch locator tool
									
									Download our app today at the Apple and Google Play app stores by searching on TD Mobile App.
									


 







Banking Essentials



Your financial health
Making more informed everyday financial decisions can help you reach your long-term goals – like buying a car, saving for retirement or home renovations.
Financial tools and tips  |  Money management articles
  Find the best checking account for you
Mobile App - secure banking from anywhere  
Online Banking - access your accounts online





Essential accounts

Checking
Savings and Money Market
Credit Cards
Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit
Personal Loans and Lines of Credit
Prepaid Cards
Mortgage















Couples & Family 



Finances for a growing family
Resources and tips for new couples and parents to plan, save, budget and talk about your money.
  Budget together
  Baby basics shopping list
Birth of a Child: Tax Guide*
Find the best checking account for you





Planning ahead

Save for your family's future
Sound investment guidance and support















 

Young saver? It's never too early to start saving.
The benefits of long-term savings
Dependents credits and deductions calculator*





Borrow what, and how, you want
Build a nursery, pay unexpected bills or consolidate debt with a personal loan or line of credit.







School Days



Financial education
Tips and games to help your children be money savvy.
Fun games and videos for children and teens
Teach kids the ABCs of money management
Bank anywhere with the TD Bank mobile app
Help kids manage money with Online Banking





College prep
Guide to financing higher education.

Student checking account
A taste of freedom for teens with a prepaid card parents manage
529 investment plan from TD Ameritrade*
Pay for college with a Home Equity Loan







Young saver? It's never too early to start saving. Find out why.









New Job



Congratulations!
You just landed your first big job. Now you can find a place of your own, plan a vacation or create the future you want.
  Build a budget  |  The importance of credit
How to establish your financial security
A Look at 6 Common 1099 Forms*





Your banking foundation

Convenient checking accounts
Savings account choices
Find your credit card
Pay bills and get paid online
Save time with direct deposit
Mobile App - secure banking from anywhere  
Online Banking - access your accounts online






401k Rollover
Make the most of your old 401k with a Rollover IRA








Homeownership



Happy @ home
Buying a home or refinancing? Tapping your home's equity?
												Get prepared and eliminate surprises with information, tools and expert help.
Buying or prequalifying for a home?
Refinancing your home
Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit





Crunch your numbers
Calculate your mortgage rate and payment


Lower your payment
Home Equity payment options








Guidance and support
Talk to a Mortgage Advisor
												1-800-822-6761
Schedule a call


  Mortgage Refinance Tax Deductions*
  Deducting Mortgage Interest and Property Tax*











Qualified TD Bank personal checking customers get 0.125% off their mortgage rate, which could save you thousands in interest over the life of your loan.









 
With TD Bank discount*
Without TD Bank discount*


Loan amount:
$200,000
$200,000


Closing fees:
$4,425.24
$4,425.24


30-year fixed-rate:
4.313%, APR 4.378%
4.438%, APR 4.503%


Total payments:
$356,857.25
$362,165.68


Interest paid:
$156,857.25
$162,165.68


Total savings:
$5,308.43
N/A



To be eligible for the 0.125% discount, a TD Bank personal checking account is required to be open and in good standing within 14 calendar days of loan application. Offer subject to change.
*This is an example only. Savings example is based on a rate for a 30-year-fixed rate loan and assumes the purpose of the loan is to purchase a property, an existing single family home to be used as a primary residence with an estimated property value of $250,000, a 20% downpayment and loan value of $200,000. The property is located in Framingham, MA and is within Middlesex county. The rate reflects a 60 day rate lock period.
The rate shown is not guaranteed and is subject to change without notice. This is not a credit decision or a commitment to lend. The information provided assumes excellent credit score rating of 740. An escrow (impound) account is required. Your actual rate will depend on various factors including but not limited to loan type, credit profile, property type, appraised value, occupancy, subordinate financing and loan size.

Close window and return to home page








Starting a Business



You're the boss
Jump-start your business with financial expertise, tools and products designed for start-ups and growing companies.
Small business tools and resources
Get started: banking that fits your goals
Create a business plan
  See if you have enough cash to grow
  Tax Tips for Small Businesses*





Business essentials


Online and mobile banking options
SBA loan programs
TD Business Solutions Visa® Credit Card


Find the best business checking account

























Retirement



Make the most of your retirement
Preserve and manage your finances before and during retirement with information and guidance to help you fine-tune your investment strategy.
Retirement tools and tips
Managing your cash flow in retirement





Reach your retirement goals
  Which IRA is right for you?

Annuities: guaranteed income for life
Plan and prepare for your financial future
TD Ameritrade Client Rewards Credit Card






Guidance and support
Stay on top of your investments and stay on track
Do Social Security Income Recipients Pay Income Taxes?*








Going Green



Protect the environment
You can make a difference – join TD Bank to help conserve natural resources.
Green your lifestyle  |  TD Bank goes green
Reduce your carbon footprint when you do your banking from home.

TD Bank mobile app  |  Online Banking





Go paperless and be more secure

Save paper and money with online statements
Send and receive money electronically
Pay bills on time online






























































Log In to Your TD Bank Account | TD Bank
























 Skip to main content 












About Us
Locations
Customer Service
En Español

























 




 Log In to Your TD Bank Account




 







				   
										

Online Banking
   Log in




Log In to Your TD Bank Account







Banking and Investing



Personal Online Banking
TD BusinessDirect Online Banking (Small Business) 
TD Wealth
TD Private Client Wealth 








Cards



Credit Card

TD Go Card
TD Connect Card
TD Commercial Plus Card








Other



TD eTreasury
TDFX
TD Bank Trade
Asset Based Lending
TD Digital Express
MyDocuments



















Get help now online.



Expand
Top FAQs











Ask now!
















 


















TD Canada Careers & Jobs | TD



























 Skip to main content 














Français
简体中文
繁體中文






Search
Contact Us











About TDInvestor RelationsEconomicsYou are in this section:CareersCorporate ResponsibilityTo Our CustomersYou are in this section:Why TD?Job ProfilesSearch for a JobTools & Resources










##NOPAGETITLE##









Visit our new careers site today
Discover the many exciting career possibilities at TD Bank. Learn more about our different business lines, our work culture and apply for roles using your laptop or mobile device.
Go there now



























TD Bank Online Banking












Toronto-Dominion Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Toronto-Dominion Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian bank. For its subsidiary in the United States, see TD Bank, N.A.

Toronto-Dominion Bank





Trading name

TD Bank Group



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TD
TSX: TD
S&P/TSX 60 component


ISIN
CA8911605092


Industry
Financial services


Predecessors
Bank of Toronto
The Dominion Bank


Founded
1955; 62 years ago (1955)


Headquarters
Toronto-Dominion Centre
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Bharat Masrani,
CEO


Revenue
 $29.9 billion CAD (F2014)[1]



Net income

 $7.7 billion CAD (F2014)[1]


Total assets
 $998 billion CAD (F2015)[2]



Number of employees

85,000 (FTE, F2014)[3]


Divisions
TD Canada Trust


Subsidiaries
TD Securities
TD Waterhouse
TD Bank, N.A.
TD Asset Management


Website
td.com


The Toronto-Dominion Bank (French: Banque Toronto-Dominion) is a Canadian multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Toronto. Commonly known as TD and operating as TD Bank Group (French: Groupe Banque TD), the bank was created in 1955 through the merger of the Bank of Toronto and The Dominion Bank, which were founded in 1855 and 1869, respectively.
TD Bank Group is the second largest bank in Canada by market capitalization and a top-10 bank in North America. Globally, it ranks as the 19th largest bank in the world, according to Forbes.
The bank and its subsidiaries have over 85,000 employees and over 22 million clients worldwide.[4] In Canada, the bank operates as TD Canada Trust and serves more than 11 million customers at over 1,150 branches. In the United States, the company operates as TD Bank (the initials are used officially for all U.S. operations). The U.S. subsidiary was created through the merger of TD Banknorth and Commerce Bank, and serves more than 6.5 million customers with a network of more than 1,300 branches in the eastern United States.[5]
The company is ranked at number 66 on the Forbes Global 2000 2015 listing.[6] In October 2008, the company was named in the listings of Canada's Top 100 Employers in Maclean's and Greater Toronto's Top Employers by the Toronto Star.[7] Furthermore, in February 2011, it was named one of Canada's top 10 employers by the Financial Post.[citation needed]



Contents


1 Operations

1.1 Partners in Outsourcing

1.1.1 G4S Cash Solutions
1.1.2 iGate
1.1.3 Symcor




2 History
3 Mergers and acquisitions
4 Corporate governance
5 Membership
6 Sponsorships
7 Credit agency ratings
8 Controversies
9 Branch locations
10 References

10.1 Bibliography


11 External links



Operations[edit]
The bank's headquarters is at the Toronto-Dominion Centre at King Street and Bay Street in Toronto. The black skyscrapers were designed by the firm of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and were the first of their kind in the city. Opened in 1967, the TD Centre was the inspiration of Al Lambert (1911–2002), the former president and chairman of the board of the bank.
The subsidiaries of TD Bank Group (formerly TD Bank Financial Group) include:

TD Asset Management – institutional investment management
TD Auto Finance – new and used vehicle financing
TD Bank, N.A. – U.S. personal and commercial banking (merged entity of Commerce Bancorp, TD Banknorth and TD Bank USA)
TD Canada Trust – Canadian personal and commercial banking
TD Commercial Banking – global commercial banking
TD Insurance Meloche Monnex – insurance products and services, including a division that specializes in Alumni/Professional group rates
TD Merchant Services – a wholly owned subsidiary providing credit card processing services for merchants such as retailers
TD Securities – investment banking and capital markets
TD Wealth – wealth management
MBNA Canada – co-branded and affinity credit card services
Symcor – transaction processing (joint venture with Royal Bank of Canada and Bank of Montreal)[8]

Wealth Management offers investors an array of investment products and services. Wealth Management comprises a number of advisory, distribution and asset management businesses, including TD Mutual Funds.
TD Securities is the investment banking arm of TD Bank Group. It is an underwriter of debt and equity securities and strategic advisor to corporations, governments, and institutions worldwide. A key business segment is the trading of fixed income and equity products, currencies, commodities and derivatives in major financial markets around the world. It has offices in 18 cities worldwide with over 3,000 employees. TD Securities is a leading investment dealer in North America, has a strong presence in Europe, and is active in Asia.
Partners in Outsourcing[edit]
G4S Cash Solutions[edit]
In 1992 G4S Cash Solutions, a subsidiary of British security services company G4S plc, began a pilot project with Toronto-Dominion Bank in metro Toronto that developed into a nationwide partnership in 1997. G4S Cash Solutions secured the contract to transport cash and provide first line maintenance for the bank's automated teller machines (ATMs) – both cash dispensing and deposit pick up units." By 2010, G4S Cash Solutions operated 2,577 ATMs, 1,093 branch night deposits, 95 weekly balanced cash dispensers as well as eight cash dispensers for branch tellers and 100 across the pavement services and hosted a discussion on the introduction of polymer banknotes in 2011 with leading Canadian financial institutions.[9]
iGate[edit]
Multinational firm, iGate Corp provides support services for TD Bank, as well as Pratt and Whitney Canada among other international clients.[10][11]
Symcor[edit]
Toronto-Dominion Bank formed a partnership with Bank of Montreal (BMO) and Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) in 1996, to create Symcor, a private entity that offers transaction services such as item processing, statement processing and cash-management services to major banks and retail and telecommunications companies in Canada. As of 2011 Symcor produces close to 675 million statements and more than two billion pages of customer statements, and processes three billion cheques annually.[8][12]
Affiliated Computer Services, a subsidiary of Xerox, acquired Symcor’s U.S. operations in October 2014.[13]
History[edit]




The Toronto-Dominion Centre






TD Canada Trust Tower in Downtown Toronto that houses the corporate offices of TDBFG






TD Tower in Vancouver






TD in Markham, Ontario


The origins of the Toronto-Dominion Bank lie in the efforts of a group of businessmen in the Province of Canada West (as Ontario was called between 1840 and 1867), involved in the buying, milling and marketing of grain. They were determined to create a financial institution to meet their specific needs in banking, insurance and commodities exchange. The group submitted its first petition for the incorporation of the Millers, Merchants and Farmers Bank of Canada West in 1854 to the legislature of the province of Canada, which rejected the request. However, on March 18, 1855, their application for a charter for the Bank of Toronto, with an authorized capital of £500,000, was granted.
In July 1856, the Bank of Toronto opened its offices at 78 Church Street, Toronto, with a staff of three and immediately began development of a provincial network of branches. In 1860, it opened its first branch outside of Ontario, in Montreal.
The Bank of Toronto established itself as an efficient, profitable, but essentially conservative bank through the 19th century. It maintained a very high reserve against its capital and enjoyed the highest share price of any bank in Canada. Growth was very slow and deliberate with a few new branches opened in emerging regional centres. Core customers remained farmers, merchants, and processors of farm products (millers, brewers, distillers).
In 1871, a group of entrepreneurs and professionals under the leadership of James Austin launched the Dominion Bank to join the Bank of Toronto in the Ontario market. They were dedicated to creating a new institution "conducive to the general prosperity of that section of the country." Like the Bank of Toronto, the Dominion Bank was a cautious institution, "selecting its customers carefully, serving them well, and duly prospering with them" (in the words of the official history). It also created a network of branches, and in 1872 became the first Canadian bank to have two branches in one city–Toronto.
With the maturing of the Canadian economy and the opening of northern Ontario and the West in the 1880s and 1890s, the banks became more aggressive in loans to resource industries, utilities, and manufacturing. In 1897, the Dominion Bank opened its first western branch in Winnipeg and two years later the Bank of Toronto opened a branch in the British Columbia mining town of Rossland. In the first decade of the twentieth century, the banks rapidly expanded their branch networks in central Canada and across the west.
To mark their rise as significant national institutions, the Dominion Bank moved into a large new head office building at the corner of King and Yonge Streets in Toronto in 1879 and the Toronto Bank followed with another landmark head office at King and Bay Street in 1913.[14][15]
World War I brought new challenges for the two banks when they were called upon to finance war expenditures and to support the innovation of war bonds marketed to the general public. Half the staff of the two banks served in the armed forces.
Except for some contraction in the western provinces due to drought, the decade following the war was one of expansion and increasing profitability due to resource development and industrial expansion. Both banks weathered the storm of depression in the 1930s without great difficulty, despite a decline in earnings. Like all Canadian banks, they endured criticism of their credit policies and resisted the creation of a central bank to control the money supply and advise on fiscal policy. Ultimately the Bank of Canada was established in 1934 and by 1949, private banks were ordered to remove their currency from circulation.[16]
The coming of World War II involved the banks, once again, in the marketing of war bonds and in participation in the control of foreign exchange, rationing, and other financial war measures. Approximately 500 staff, or almost half the total, entered the armed forces.
The Bank of Toronto and Dominion Bank emerged from the war in 1945 stronger than ever, with assets more than doubled since 1939. With the post-war boom they became more active in business lending and in the penetration of new markets. However, they quickly realized that the costs of expansion and competition with much larger rivals made their objectives difficult to realize. Neither bank had engaged in acquisitions or mergers in order to grow, but both determined that a union with a bank of equal size would place them in a much stronger position to take advantage of the opportunities of the post-war economy.
In 1954, negotiations began between the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank, and by the end of the year an amalgamation agreement was reached. In their brief to the Minister of Finance the banks stated: "It is more burdensome for a small bank to keep pace with the development of our country than for a large bank, with the result that the effective growth and comparative influence of smaller banks will probably in the future decline in comparison with that of the larger banks."[citation needed]
Canada's Minister of Finance announced November 1, 1954, that he would accept the amalgamation and shareholders were asked for their approval. This was forthcoming in December and on February 1, 1955, the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank became the Toronto-Dominion Bank.
The first years of the new bank were dedicated to the demands of amalgamating the two predecessors, institutions of roughly equal size, but with different strengths and unique corporate cultures. The new institution combined head office functions, consolidated branches, and established a new regional organization. An aggressive program of branch modernization and expansion extended TD's presence in its traditional markets and took it into new territory in the Maritime provinces and on the natural resource frontier. The new bank established its identity through an active public relations campaign focused on customer service – "The Best in Banking Service", the bank's first slogan evolved into the highly successful "The Bank Where People Make the Difference".
The competitive banking environment, and the need for effective integration of two administrations, led the bank to re-assess and modernize business practices and methods through the second half of the 1950s. Management streamlined procedures, introduced new technology, and emphasized the human resources function as the bank placed increased weight on customer service and product knowledge.
The bank's emergence as a forward-looking institution was highlighted by the announcement in 1962 that it would have a new and very high-profile head office in downtown Toronto. The Toronto-Dominion Centre, designed by Mies van der Rohe, the leading architect of the day, would include the tallest building in Canada. It would revolutionize both the skyline of Toronto and the public perception of TD.
By the 1960s, the bank solidified its domestic base and established its credentials as a major institution. It began to look beyond its traditional spheres of operation and to explore the international scene and opportunities, domestic and foreign, for large scale project financing. It developed a network of U.S. representative offices, partnerships with global merchant banks and venture capital operations. Heralding a new commitment to independent and syndicated project financing, in 1967 the bank undertook the financing of the massive Anvil lead-zinc-silver mining operation in Yukon, the construction of the Rainbow crude oil pipeline in Alberta, and resource development ventures in Ireland.
The bank offered the first debentures in Canadian banking history on May 29, 1967. The Bank Act of 1967 ushered in a period of enormous change on the Canadian financial scene.[17] For the first time, banks were permitted to charge more than six-percent interest on loans, encouraging a new emphasis on personal and specialized consumer loans. More significantly, banks could now make mortgage loans on real estate and the mortgage loan portfolio quickly gained enormous significance.
By the close of the 1960s, the bank's customer base had become more diverse and new products and services were launched almost daily. The Visa card made its appearance (as Chargex) and mutual funds were marketed for the first time. In addition, the options for product and service delivery were greatly expanded thanks to computer and communications technology. An "On-Line Savings" system was introduced in Toronto in 1967 and ten years later the Green Machine appeared as the first "full-service" automatic teller machine (ATM) or ABM (automatic banking machine – the general term within Canadian banking), greatly enhancing the customer service capabilities of the bank.
To establish a modern and popular brand, the corporation introduced a new logo and adopted an official "TD green" in 1969. In the same period, television and radio advertising were utilized for the first time in order to promote the new range of products.
The bank kept in step with the times on other fronts as well. It encouraged women to move into management roles and appointed the first female bank manager in 1968. Little more than a decade later more than 40% of all management trainees were women.
International operations, which had gained in importance in the late 1960s, became a major focus of the bank after 1970. It launched new subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, United States, and the Middle East. In 1970, TD became first Canadian bank to make a substantial investment in commercial banking in Hong Kong and by the end of the decade TD's role in international lending and money market trading was supported by operations in almost every corner of the globe.
Following upon the success of the Toronto TD Centre, the bank was active in financing retail and commercial real estate projects across Canada. It was a partner in the Toronto Eaton Centre and participated in such major developments as the Pacific Centre in Vancouver, Edmonton Centre, TD Square in Calgary, and the TD Tower in Halifax.
The bank easily weathered the economic downturn of the early 1980s, showing consistent revenue increases from 1980 to 1984. By the late 1980s, however, the bank was caught up in the debt crisis in the developing world caused by the recession and the dramatic rise in interest rates. Significant loan losses were reported in 1987 and, while the bank participated actively in debt restructuring initiatives, it also committed itself to more conservative lending practices.
Despite the difficult economic conditions and the negative impact on earnings, the 1980s and early 1990s saw many positive developments. Deregulation began to eliminate the barriers between the various elements of the financial sector, particularly with the Bank Act of 1987. The bank moved into the discount brokerage business in 1984 with the introduction of Green Line Investor Services and less than a decade later launched its full service brokerage, TD Evergreen. In 1987, the company established Toronto Dominion Securities Inc. to provide corporate, treasury and investment banking services to corporate clients. In 1992, the Bank acquired the assets of a major trust company, Central Guaranty Trust and began the operation of TD Bank and Trust.
The 1990s saw TD responding swiftly to the challenges of the Internet and leading the way in e-banking. In 1996, the bank created its web site and launched TD Access: PC, North America's first fully integrated banking and brokerage PC package. In 1998, TD introduced Web Access and within a year made e-banking services available to a growing number of customers internationally. By the 21st century, the bank had positioned itself as a multi-channel e-commerce company.
Also in 1998, the Toronto-Dominion Bank proposed to merge with the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, at the same time as the Bank of Montreal proposed to amalgamate with the Royal Bank of Canada. After examination of both mergers by the Competition Bureau of Canada, Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, ultimately rejected them.
The need to build TD into a major player in world financial markets prompted the Bank to acquire Waterhouse Investor Services, Inc. in 1996 (and in a stroke more than double its size as a discount broker). TD completed the $8 billion purchase of Canada Trust in 1999 and the merger took effect in February 2000.




TD Canada Trust Tower in Calgary.






TD Bank in Miami, Florida


Canada Trust brought a history as long and as rich as that of the TD Bank itself. It had grown from the same need for basic financial services in a young Canada. Founded by local businessmen in London, Ontario in 1864 as the Huron & Erie Loan and Savings Company[18] it could trace an ancestry, through mergers, to 1855 and the establishment of the Canada Permanent Mortgage Corporation by many of the same individuals who established the Bank of Toronto. It also had direct ties to Toronto General Trusts, Canada's first trust company, incorporated in 1872. These institutions were instrumental in providing a pioneering farming community and residents of the growing towns across Canada with mortgage funds and other financial services.
Huron & Erie/Canada Trust established itself as a dynamic mortgage and trust company, first in Ontario, then across Canada through the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It was consistently aggressive in building its business and marketing its services and became an innovator in customer service. Following its merger with Canada Permanent in 1989, Canada Trust became the country's sixth largest financial institution.
The Canada Trust acquisition gave the bank new momentum, significantly expanded the breadth and depth of the bank's branch coverage, and enhanced TD's customer service commitment. Some have incorrectly referred to the new corporation as TD Canada Trust, though the latter only makes up the largest division. Toronto-Dominion Bank has now been operating under the brand Toronto-Dominion Bank Financial Group (TDBFG).
With the merger of Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, the Competition Bureau required the group to sell either its MasterCard or Visa business. Citibank Canada bought TD Canada Trust's MasterCard business and clients. TD began advertising its Visa cards under the corporate brand TD Visa.
In the 1990s, TD acquired U.S. discount brokerage Waterhouse, renaming it "TD Waterhouse". In Canada, TD's own "Green Line" discount brokerage adopted the TD Waterhouse name.
In June 1999, TD sold 42 million shares or 12.4 percent of TD Waterhouse in an initial public offering, with shares priced at C$35.28 or US$24 per share, earning US$1.01 billion. In 2001, with the burst of the Dot-com bubble and lower trade volumes that decreased Waterhouse's share price, TD repurchased that minority stake at US$9 per share for only US$378 million, earning a profit on the privatization. The acquisition was conditional on TD owning at least 90 per cent of Waterhouse's outstanding common shares, and it owned almost 89 percent when the privatization was announced.[19][20]
In 2003, TD held talks with E-Trade about a merger of its TD Waterhouse component, but negotiations stalled over issues of control.[21] On August 26, 2004, the bank announced a definitive agreement to acquire a 51 per cent interest in Banknorth Group, Inc. (now TD Banknorth), a bank in the U.S. northeast. In 2005, TD announced an agreement to sell seventy-percent of TD Waterhouse (USA) to Ameritrade; TD would retain the remaining thirty percent in the newly created TD Ameritrade.
In late September 2009 and early October 2009, significant technical problems related to the integration of computer systems with the previously purchased Commerce Bank caused chaos for many customers as funds for scheduled direct deposits were not available and account balances were reported incorrectly. The bank's telephone lines experienced extremely high call volume and branches were crowded with customers looking for information.
In April 2010, TD Bank acquired three failed banks in the United States. It acquired certain assets and liabilities of Riverside National Bank of Florida, First Federal Bank of North Florida and AmericanFirst Bank from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).[22]
Toronto-Dominion and Bank of America announced an agreement on August 16, 2011, for Toronto-Dominion to acquire MBNA Canada′s credit card business for $8.5 billion.[23]
In June 2012, TD Canada Trust introduced a new enhanced Access Card with the new Visa Debit /Interac Flash Access Card which will allow customers to use it via phone/online and internationally through the Visa network.[24]
Mergers and acquisitions[edit]




A former Commerce Bank in Little Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, that was rebranded as TD Bank



Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank – 1955
Standard Chartered Bank of Canada Commercial branch – 1990s
Central Guaranty Trust (acquisition of assets and branches) – 1992
Waterhouse Investor Services – 1996
Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce announced merger; however Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, declared the merger void as not in the best interest of Canadians[17]
Newcrest Capital 2000 for $224 million (75% stock and 25% cash)[25]
Canada Trust – 2000
Stafford Trading and Letco Trading – 2002
Laurentian Bank retail branches (Ontario-BC) – 2003
Banknorth NA – 2005
Commerce Bancorp – 2007 (this created TD Bank, N.A. due to naming issues)
Riverside National Bank of Fort Pierce, Florida – 2010
The South Financial Group Inc. – 2010 (full transition completed in June 2011)
Chrysler Financial – April 2011[26]
MBNA Canada's credit card business – 1 December 2011[27]

Corporate governance[edit]

Bharat Masrani - President and CEO 2014–present
John M. Thompson - Non-executive chairman 2003–present
Frank McKenna - Deputy chairman 2006–present

Current members of the board of directors[28] of the company are: William Bennett, Hugh J. Bolton, John Bragg, Amy W. Brinkley, W. Edmund Clark, Colleen Goggins, Henry Ketcham, Brian M. Levitt, Harold MacKay, Karen E. Maidment, Irene R. Miller, Nadir H. Mohamed, Wilbur Prezzano, Helen Sinclair, and John Thompson.
Edmund Clark retired October 31, 2014, and was replaced by Bharat Masrani, who was previously President of TD U.S. Masrani will transition as TD Bank Group COO in 2013 and assume role as CEO when Clark retires.[29]
The title of Toronto-Dominion Bank's top executive has changed over the years. Initially it was styled as chairman. Later, it became chief executive officer and one often carried additional responsibilities as chairman of the board, while the second-in-command was the President. After the merger of the Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, while Charles Baillie was chairman and chief executive officer of the combined entity, Clark was appointed President and chief operating officer which solidified him as the eventual successor to Baillie. Upon Baillie's retirement, Clark became the President and chief executive officer, as the bank decided to appoint John M. Thompson as non-executive chairman.
Past presidents:

A. C. Ashforth, 1955–1960
Allen T. Lambert, 1960–1972
Richard M. Thomson, 1972–1978
Allan J. Boyle, 1978–1981
Robert W. Korthals, 1981–1995
A. Charles Baillie, 1995–2000
W. Edmund Clark, 2000–2014

Past Chairmen

Byron S. Vanstone, 1955–1956
A. C. Ashforth, 1956–1961
Allen T. Lambert, 1961–1978
Richard M. Thomson, 1978–1998
A. Charles Baillie, 1998–2003

Past top executives:

Herbert S. White, Executive Chairman (1960s–1970s)[30]
Allen T. Lambert (1960–1972), Chairman and President
Richard M. Thomson (1972–1978), Chairman and CEO
Robert W. Korthals (????–1995)
A. Charles Baillie (1995–2002), Chairman and CEO
W. Edmund Clark, President and COO (2000–2002)

Membership[edit]
TDBFG is a member of the Canadian Bankers Association (CBA) and registered member with the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC), a Government of Canada agency insuring deposits at all of Canada's chartered banks. It is also a member of:

Interac
NYCE ATM network
Plus Network for VISA cards
VISA International
Canadian Investor Protection Fund

Sponsorships[edit]
The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries own the naming rights to the following venues:

TD Ameritrade Park Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska, United States
TD Arena in Charleston, South Carolina, United States
TD Bank Arts Centre in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Ballpark in Bridgewater, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Sports Center in Hamden, Connecticut, United States
TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts, United States
TD Place Arena in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Place Stadium in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Stadium in London, Ontario, Canada

Credit agency ratings[edit]
After Moody's Investor Service downgraded the credit worthiness of Royal Bank of Canada to Aa1 on December 13, 2010, TD was the only of Canada's Big Five banks with a top Aaa credit rating (at the time CIBC was Aa2, Scotiabank Aa1 and Bank of Montreal was Aa2).[31] It is also ranked number 1 in the Top 1000 2012 listing.[32]
Controversies[edit]
News outlets reported the bank's policy regarding ordinary Iranian-Canadian citizens, July 10, 2012.[33] Some one hundred personal bank accounts had been closed to this date, citing the recent ambiguous Special Economic Measure Regulation of the Canadian government. A family in Vancouver was forced to refinance a $250,000 house mortgage in 60 days to avoid foreclosure.[33]
A TD Bank document became the focus of a recent contempt hearing in Miami federal court. In a civil lawsuit against TD Bank a jury found the bank liable for aiding Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein's $1.4 billion fraud.[34]
In 2015, Canadian news website the Halifax Examiner reported that a Political action committee (PAC) established by TD Bank had donated over $50,000 to the campaigns of anti-LGBT rights politicians in the United States.[35] The article suggested that this was problematic given TD Bank's status as a sponsor of 41 LGBT Pride events across North America; TD Bank made no comment. In response to this article, on October 6, 2015 a motion was brought at the Annual General Meeting of Halifax Pride to sever ties with TD Bank if it did not provide a satisfactory response to the concerns; the motion was ultimately defeated.[36]
On March 10, 2017, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's (CBC) news programme Go Public reported that TD Bank employees had admitted that, under pressure to achieve sale's targets, they had increased customers' lines of credit, overdraft amounts, and Visa credit limits without advising them which is against the law. One TD financial adviser says she "invested clients' savings into funds which were not suitable, because of the SR [sales revenue] pressure". Another admitted downplaying the risk of products saying: "I was forced to lie to customers, just to meet the sales revenue targets." In an internal letter to employees, Andy Pilkington, executive vice-president of branch banking, wrote: "We don't believe the [CBC] story is an accurate portrayal of our culture," but the report provided an opportunity "to pause, reflect and ask ourselves ... how we can do better for our people and our customers."[37] The bank's stock lost 5.55% of its value on March 10th declining by $3.88 (Cdn) per share to close at $66.00 (Cdn).[38]
Branch locations[edit]
As of January 2014 TD operates the sixth largest branch network in North America with 1,100 TD Canada Trust offices and 1,300 TD Bank (U.S.) offices. While its network extends across Canada and the U.S. Atlantic coast, customers of either the Canadian and U.S. component are not able to perform a full range of transactions at a branch of the other component. It does allow an expanded range of transactions to customers who register their accounts for its Cross-Border Banking program.[39]
TD operates 2,800 ATMs in Canada and 1,900 in the U.S. for a total of 4,700,[40] and allows customers of either component to withdraw funds in the U.S. or Canada without Plus Network or Presto! transaction surcharges.


Companies portal


Canada

All provinces
Northwest Territories
Yukon

United States


Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
New Jersey
New Hampshire
New York
North Carolina
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Vermont
Virginia
Washington, D.C.


References[edit]


^ a b "2014 Financial Statements and Notes" (PDF). TD Bank. 4 December 2013. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "RBC ousts Toronto-Dominion to become Canada’s top bank as both hit $1 trillion milestone". Financial Post. Retrieved 25 February 2017. 
^ "TD Bank: Company Information". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "Corporate Information". TD Bank. Retrieved 2015-08-07. 
^ "About Us". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "The Global 2000". Forbes. 21 April 2010. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Yerema, Richard; Leung, Kristina (9 October 2012). "TD Bank Financial Group Chosen as one of Canada's Top 100 Employers, Ten Best Companies to Work For and Greater Toronto's Top Employers for 2013". Eluta.ca. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b "Who We Are". Symcor. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Stemman, Roy, ed. (November 2010). "Nationwide cash service for world's second largest country". Value Solutions. Essex, UK: G4S. [dead link]
^ Mehta, Diana (8 April 2013). "RBC hiring practices under fire". The Chronicle Herald. Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Canadian Press. 
^ Narendran S; Chandan Agarwala (2012). "Success Stories" (PDF). Tech Connect (4/5). iGate. Retrieved 2013-04-10. 
^ Critchley, Barry (4 April 2011). "Bank-owned Symcor misses on timing". National Post. 
^ "Who We Are". Xerox. October 4, 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1871". TD.com. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1913". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Bank Note Series". Bank of Canada. Retrieved 2013-03-20. 
^ a b Pound, Richard W. (2006). Fitzhenry and Whiteside Book of Canadian Facts and Dates. Fitzhenry and Whiteside. ISBN 978-1554550098. 
^ "Statement of Significance for 762 Dundas Street" (PDF). City of London. 10 February 2011. Retrieved 2013-11-18. 
^ "TD Waterhouse IPO proves popular". CBC News. 10 November 2000. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "TD Bank to take TD Waterhouse private". CBC News. 10 October 2001. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "E-Trade, TD Waterhouse Call Off Merger Talks". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. 21 January 2004. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Sidel, Robin (16 April 2010). "Canada Firm Acquires Three Failed U.S. Banks; Others Shut". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "TD Bank Group Acquires Bank of America Canadian Credit Card Portfolio". banknerd.ca. 16 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "Your New Access Card". TD Canada Trust. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Securities buys Newcrest Capital". CBC News. 7 November 2000. 
^ Blumenthal, Jeff (1 April 2011). "TD Bank Financial completes purchase of Chrysler Financial". Philadelphia Business Journal. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD buys MBNA's Canadian credit card business". CBC News. 15 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Board of Directors". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Paddon, David (3 April 2013). "TD Bank CEO Ed Clark to retire in November 2014, Bharat Masrani named successor". Yahoo!. The Canadian Press. Retrieved 2013-04-03. 
^ "International Credit on Capital Markets Now and in the Future". The Empire Club of Canada. 11 March 1971. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Robertson, Grant; Perkins, Tara (13 December 2010). "RBC, Manulife hit by ratings downgrades". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 
^ "Top 1000 list". Report on Business. 28 June 2012. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b Kane, Laura (12 July 2012). "Iranian-Canadians furious over closure of TD Bank accounts". Toronto Star. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Controversial TD Bank form was clear on flagging fraud". South Florida Business Journal. 25 May 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-13. 
^ Ward, Jesse (24 July 2014). "TD Bank: sponsoring Pride and politicians who are against marriage equality". Halifax Examiner. Retrieved 2015-10-07. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Halifax Pride 2015 AGM Summary". Halifax Pride. 6 October 2015. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "'We do it because our jobs are at stake': TD bank employees admit to breaking the law for fear of being fired". cbc.ca. Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Toronto Dominion Bank". globeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Cross-Border Banking (US & Canada)". TD Bank. 14 January 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Green Machine ATM". TD Bank. January 14, 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 


Bibliography[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.: ill.; 24 cm.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to TD Canada Trust.



Official websites






TD Asset Management
TD Bank Group (TD)
TD Canada Trust
TD Commercial Banking
TD Insurance Home and Auto
TD Wealth
TD Securities
TD Financing Services
TD Real Estate Secured Lending




TD Ameritrade
TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
TD Capital[dead link]
TD Bank, N.A. (formerly Commerce Bank and TD Banknorth)
TD Meloche Monnex
TD Waterhouse Canada


TD Bank locations






TD stock profiles and quotes


TD NYSE Stock Quote
TD TSX Stock Quote[dead link]
Toronto-Dominion Bank stock performance chart from GStock[dead link]


General


Yahoo! - The Toronto-Dominion Bank Company Profile







v
t
e


Banks and credit unions in Canada








Banks








Big Five




Bank of Montreal
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (President's Choice Financial)
Royal Bank of Canada
Scotiabank (Tangerine)
Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD Canada Trust)






Other banks




AMEX Bank of Canada
Bridgewater Bank
Business Development Bank of Canada
Canadian Tire Financial Services
Canadian Western Bank
Citibank Canada
Equitable Bank
Exchange Bank of Canada
First Nations Bank of Canada
HSBC Bank Canada
ICICI Bank Canada
Laurentian Bank of Canada
Manulife Bank of Canada
Meridian Bank
National Bank of Canada
Rogers Bank
Vancity Community Investment Bank
VersaBank
Wealth One Bank of Canada
















Credit unions








Credit unions




Affinity Credit Union
Aldergrove Credit Union
Alterna Savings
Assiniboine Credit Union
BlueShore Financial
Central 1 Credit Union
Coast Capital Savings
Concentra Financial
Conexus Credit Union
Credit Union Central of Canada
Desjardins Group
Envision Financial
First Calgary Financial
First West Credit Union
Gulf and Fraser Fishermen's Credit Union
Island Savings
Kawartha Credit Union
Kootenay Savings Credit Union
Libro Financial Group
Meridian Credit Union
Mouvement des caisses populaires acadiennes
Servus Credit Union
Steinbach Credit Union
TCU Financial Group
Vancity
Windsor Family Credit Union
Your Credit Union
Your Neighbourhood Credit Union






Credit union deposit insurance


Alberta * British Columbia * Manitoba * New Brunswick * Newfoundland and Labrador * Nova Scotia * Ontario * Prince Edward Island * Saskatchewan














Other financial institutions








Federal financial institutions


Farm Credit Canada




Provincial financial institutions




ATB Financial


















v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


S&P/TSX 60 companies of Canada (February 22, 2016)






Agnico Eagle Mines
Agrium
ARC Resources
Bank of Montreal
Barrick Gold
BCE Inc.
BlackBerry
Bombardier
Brookfield Asset Management
Cameco
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
Canadian National
Canadian Natural Resources
Canadian Pacific
Canadian Tire
CCL Industries
Cenovus Energy
CGI Group
Constellation Software
Couche-Tard
Crescent Point Energy
Dollarama
Emera
Enbridge
Encana
First Quantum Minerals
Franco-Nevada
Fortis Inc.
Gildan
Goldcorp
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Inter Pipeline
Kinross Gold
Loblaw Companies
Magna International
Manulife Financial
Metro
National Bank of Canada
Pembina Pipeline
PotashCorp
Power Corporation
Restaurant Brands International
Rogers Communications
Royal Bank of Canada
Saputo
Scotiabank
Shaw Communications
Silver Wheaton
SNC-Lavalin
Sun Life Financial
Suncor Energy
Teck
Telus
Thomson Reuters
Toronto-Dominion Bank
TransCanada
Valeant
Weston
Waste Connections










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Toronto-Dominion_Bank&oldid=791162812"					
Categories: S&P/TSX 60 IndexS&P/TSX Composite IndexToronto-Dominion BankCompanies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeBanks of CanadaCanadian brandsCompanies based in TorontoBanks established in 19551955 establishments in OntarioCompanies formerly listed on the London Stock ExchangeBusiness process outsourcingOutsourcingOutsourcing in IndiaCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeMortgage lenders of CanadaOutsourcing in CanadaCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Pages containing links to subscription-only contentPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing French-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesia日本語РусскийSuomiதமிழ்Українська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 14:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Toronto-Dominion Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Toronto-Dominion Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian bank. For its subsidiary in the United States, see TD Bank, N.A.

Toronto-Dominion Bank





Trading name

TD Bank Group



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TD
TSX: TD
S&P/TSX 60 component


ISIN
CA8911605092


Industry
Financial services


Predecessors
Bank of Toronto
The Dominion Bank


Founded
1955; 62 years ago (1955)


Headquarters
Toronto-Dominion Centre
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Bharat Masrani,
CEO


Revenue
 $29.9 billion CAD (F2014)[1]



Net income

 $7.7 billion CAD (F2014)[1]


Total assets
 $998 billion CAD (F2015)[2]



Number of employees

85,000 (FTE, F2014)[3]


Divisions
TD Canada Trust


Subsidiaries
TD Securities
TD Waterhouse
TD Bank, N.A.
TD Asset Management


Website
td.com


The Toronto-Dominion Bank (French: Banque Toronto-Dominion) is a Canadian multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Toronto. Commonly known as TD and operating as TD Bank Group (French: Groupe Banque TD), the bank was created in 1955 through the merger of the Bank of Toronto and The Dominion Bank, which were founded in 1855 and 1869, respectively.
TD Bank Group is the second largest bank in Canada by market capitalization and a top-10 bank in North America. Globally, it ranks as the 19th largest bank in the world, according to Forbes.
The bank and its subsidiaries have over 85,000 employees and over 22 million clients worldwide.[4] In Canada, the bank operates as TD Canada Trust and serves more than 11 million customers at over 1,150 branches. In the United States, the company operates as TD Bank (the initials are used officially for all U.S. operations). The U.S. subsidiary was created through the merger of TD Banknorth and Commerce Bank, and serves more than 6.5 million customers with a network of more than 1,300 branches in the eastern United States.[5]
The company is ranked at number 66 on the Forbes Global 2000 2015 listing.[6] In October 2008, the company was named in the listings of Canada's Top 100 Employers in Maclean's and Greater Toronto's Top Employers by the Toronto Star.[7] Furthermore, in February 2011, it was named one of Canada's top 10 employers by the Financial Post.[citation needed]



Contents


1 Operations

1.1 Partners in Outsourcing

1.1.1 G4S Cash Solutions
1.1.2 iGate
1.1.3 Symcor




2 History
3 Mergers and acquisitions
4 Corporate governance
5 Membership
6 Sponsorships
7 Credit agency ratings
8 Controversies
9 Branch locations
10 References

10.1 Bibliography


11 External links



Operations[edit]
The bank's headquarters is at the Toronto-Dominion Centre at King Street and Bay Street in Toronto. The black skyscrapers were designed by the firm of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and were the first of their kind in the city. Opened in 1967, the TD Centre was the inspiration of Al Lambert (1911–2002), the former president and chairman of the board of the bank.
The subsidiaries of TD Bank Group (formerly TD Bank Financial Group) include:

TD Asset Management – institutional investment management
TD Auto Finance – new and used vehicle financing
TD Bank, N.A. – U.S. personal and commercial banking (merged entity of Commerce Bancorp, TD Banknorth and TD Bank USA)
TD Canada Trust – Canadian personal and commercial banking
TD Commercial Banking – global commercial banking
TD Insurance Meloche Monnex – insurance products and services, including a division that specializes in Alumni/Professional group rates
TD Merchant Services – a wholly owned subsidiary providing credit card processing services for merchants such as retailers
TD Securities – investment banking and capital markets
TD Wealth – wealth management
MBNA Canada – co-branded and affinity credit card services
Symcor – transaction processing (joint venture with Royal Bank of Canada and Bank of Montreal)[8]

Wealth Management offers investors an array of investment products and services. Wealth Management comprises a number of advisory, distribution and asset management businesses, including TD Mutual Funds.
TD Securities is the investment banking arm of TD Bank Group. It is an underwriter of debt and equity securities and strategic advisor to corporations, governments, and institutions worldwide. A key business segment is the trading of fixed income and equity products, currencies, commodities and derivatives in major financial markets around the world. It has offices in 18 cities worldwide with over 3,000 employees. TD Securities is a leading investment dealer in North America, has a strong presence in Europe, and is active in Asia.
Partners in Outsourcing[edit]
G4S Cash Solutions[edit]
In 1992 G4S Cash Solutions, a subsidiary of British security services company G4S plc, began a pilot project with Toronto-Dominion Bank in metro Toronto that developed into a nationwide partnership in 1997. G4S Cash Solutions secured the contract to transport cash and provide first line maintenance for the bank's automated teller machines (ATMs) – both cash dispensing and deposit pick up units." By 2010, G4S Cash Solutions operated 2,577 ATMs, 1,093 branch night deposits, 95 weekly balanced cash dispensers as well as eight cash dispensers for branch tellers and 100 across the pavement services and hosted a discussion on the introduction of polymer banknotes in 2011 with leading Canadian financial institutions.[9]
iGate[edit]
Multinational firm, iGate Corp provides support services for TD Bank, as well as Pratt and Whitney Canada among other international clients.[10][11]
Symcor[edit]
Toronto-Dominion Bank formed a partnership with Bank of Montreal (BMO) and Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) in 1996, to create Symcor, a private entity that offers transaction services such as item processing, statement processing and cash-management services to major banks and retail and telecommunications companies in Canada. As of 2011 Symcor produces close to 675 million statements and more than two billion pages of customer statements, and processes three billion cheques annually.[8][12]
Affiliated Computer Services, a subsidiary of Xerox, acquired Symcor’s U.S. operations in October 2014.[13]
History[edit]




The Toronto-Dominion Centre






TD Canada Trust Tower in Downtown Toronto that houses the corporate offices of TDBFG






TD Tower in Vancouver






TD in Markham, Ontario


The origins of the Toronto-Dominion Bank lie in the efforts of a group of businessmen in the Province of Canada West (as Ontario was called between 1840 and 1867), involved in the buying, milling and marketing of grain. They were determined to create a financial institution to meet their specific needs in banking, insurance and commodities exchange. The group submitted its first petition for the incorporation of the Millers, Merchants and Farmers Bank of Canada West in 1854 to the legislature of the province of Canada, which rejected the request. However, on March 18, 1855, their application for a charter for the Bank of Toronto, with an authorized capital of £500,000, was granted.
In July 1856, the Bank of Toronto opened its offices at 78 Church Street, Toronto, with a staff of three and immediately began development of a provincial network of branches. In 1860, it opened its first branch outside of Ontario, in Montreal.
The Bank of Toronto established itself as an efficient, profitable, but essentially conservative bank through the 19th century. It maintained a very high reserve against its capital and enjoyed the highest share price of any bank in Canada. Growth was very slow and deliberate with a few new branches opened in emerging regional centres. Core customers remained farmers, merchants, and processors of farm products (millers, brewers, distillers).
In 1871, a group of entrepreneurs and professionals under the leadership of James Austin launched the Dominion Bank to join the Bank of Toronto in the Ontario market. They were dedicated to creating a new institution "conducive to the general prosperity of that section of the country." Like the Bank of Toronto, the Dominion Bank was a cautious institution, "selecting its customers carefully, serving them well, and duly prospering with them" (in the words of the official history). It also created a network of branches, and in 1872 became the first Canadian bank to have two branches in one city–Toronto.
With the maturing of the Canadian economy and the opening of northern Ontario and the West in the 1880s and 1890s, the banks became more aggressive in loans to resource industries, utilities, and manufacturing. In 1897, the Dominion Bank opened its first western branch in Winnipeg and two years later the Bank of Toronto opened a branch in the British Columbia mining town of Rossland. In the first decade of the twentieth century, the banks rapidly expanded their branch networks in central Canada and across the west.
To mark their rise as significant national institutions, the Dominion Bank moved into a large new head office building at the corner of King and Yonge Streets in Toronto in 1879 and the Toronto Bank followed with another landmark head office at King and Bay Street in 1913.[14][15]
World War I brought new challenges for the two banks when they were called upon to finance war expenditures and to support the innovation of war bonds marketed to the general public. Half the staff of the two banks served in the armed forces.
Except for some contraction in the western provinces due to drought, the decade following the war was one of expansion and increasing profitability due to resource development and industrial expansion. Both banks weathered the storm of depression in the 1930s without great difficulty, despite a decline in earnings. Like all Canadian banks, they endured criticism of their credit policies and resisted the creation of a central bank to control the money supply and advise on fiscal policy. Ultimately the Bank of Canada was established in 1934 and by 1949, private banks were ordered to remove their currency from circulation.[16]
The coming of World War II involved the banks, once again, in the marketing of war bonds and in participation in the control of foreign exchange, rationing, and other financial war measures. Approximately 500 staff, or almost half the total, entered the armed forces.
The Bank of Toronto and Dominion Bank emerged from the war in 1945 stronger than ever, with assets more than doubled since 1939. With the post-war boom they became more active in business lending and in the penetration of new markets. However, they quickly realized that the costs of expansion and competition with much larger rivals made their objectives difficult to realize. Neither bank had engaged in acquisitions or mergers in order to grow, but both determined that a union with a bank of equal size would place them in a much stronger position to take advantage of the opportunities of the post-war economy.
In 1954, negotiations began between the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank, and by the end of the year an amalgamation agreement was reached. In their brief to the Minister of Finance the banks stated: "It is more burdensome for a small bank to keep pace with the development of our country than for a large bank, with the result that the effective growth and comparative influence of smaller banks will probably in the future decline in comparison with that of the larger banks."[citation needed]
Canada's Minister of Finance announced November 1, 1954, that he would accept the amalgamation and shareholders were asked for their approval. This was forthcoming in December and on February 1, 1955, the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank became the Toronto-Dominion Bank.
The first years of the new bank were dedicated to the demands of amalgamating the two predecessors, institutions of roughly equal size, but with different strengths and unique corporate cultures. The new institution combined head office functions, consolidated branches, and established a new regional organization. An aggressive program of branch modernization and expansion extended TD's presence in its traditional markets and took it into new territory in the Maritime provinces and on the natural resource frontier. The new bank established its identity through an active public relations campaign focused on customer service – "The Best in Banking Service", the bank's first slogan evolved into the highly successful "The Bank Where People Make the Difference".
The competitive banking environment, and the need for effective integration of two administrations, led the bank to re-assess and modernize business practices and methods through the second half of the 1950s. Management streamlined procedures, introduced new technology, and emphasized the human resources function as the bank placed increased weight on customer service and product knowledge.
The bank's emergence as a forward-looking institution was highlighted by the announcement in 1962 that it would have a new and very high-profile head office in downtown Toronto. The Toronto-Dominion Centre, designed by Mies van der Rohe, the leading architect of the day, would include the tallest building in Canada. It would revolutionize both the skyline of Toronto and the public perception of TD.
By the 1960s, the bank solidified its domestic base and established its credentials as a major institution. It began to look beyond its traditional spheres of operation and to explore the international scene and opportunities, domestic and foreign, for large scale project financing. It developed a network of U.S. representative offices, partnerships with global merchant banks and venture capital operations. Heralding a new commitment to independent and syndicated project financing, in 1967 the bank undertook the financing of the massive Anvil lead-zinc-silver mining operation in Yukon, the construction of the Rainbow crude oil pipeline in Alberta, and resource development ventures in Ireland.
The bank offered the first debentures in Canadian banking history on May 29, 1967. The Bank Act of 1967 ushered in a period of enormous change on the Canadian financial scene.[17] For the first time, banks were permitted to charge more than six-percent interest on loans, encouraging a new emphasis on personal and specialized consumer loans. More significantly, banks could now make mortgage loans on real estate and the mortgage loan portfolio quickly gained enormous significance.
By the close of the 1960s, the bank's customer base had become more diverse and new products and services were launched almost daily. The Visa card made its appearance (as Chargex) and mutual funds were marketed for the first time. In addition, the options for product and service delivery were greatly expanded thanks to computer and communications technology. An "On-Line Savings" system was introduced in Toronto in 1967 and ten years later the Green Machine appeared as the first "full-service" automatic teller machine (ATM) or ABM (automatic banking machine – the general term within Canadian banking), greatly enhancing the customer service capabilities of the bank.
To establish a modern and popular brand, the corporation introduced a new logo and adopted an official "TD green" in 1969. In the same period, television and radio advertising were utilized for the first time in order to promote the new range of products.
The bank kept in step with the times on other fronts as well. It encouraged women to move into management roles and appointed the first female bank manager in 1968. Little more than a decade later more than 40% of all management trainees were women.
International operations, which had gained in importance in the late 1960s, became a major focus of the bank after 1970. It launched new subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, United States, and the Middle East. In 1970, TD became first Canadian bank to make a substantial investment in commercial banking in Hong Kong and by the end of the decade TD's role in international lending and money market trading was supported by operations in almost every corner of the globe.
Following upon the success of the Toronto TD Centre, the bank was active in financing retail and commercial real estate projects across Canada. It was a partner in the Toronto Eaton Centre and participated in such major developments as the Pacific Centre in Vancouver, Edmonton Centre, TD Square in Calgary, and the TD Tower in Halifax.
The bank easily weathered the economic downturn of the early 1980s, showing consistent revenue increases from 1980 to 1984. By the late 1980s, however, the bank was caught up in the debt crisis in the developing world caused by the recession and the dramatic rise in interest rates. Significant loan losses were reported in 1987 and, while the bank participated actively in debt restructuring initiatives, it also committed itself to more conservative lending practices.
Despite the difficult economic conditions and the negative impact on earnings, the 1980s and early 1990s saw many positive developments. Deregulation began to eliminate the barriers between the various elements of the financial sector, particularly with the Bank Act of 1987. The bank moved into the discount brokerage business in 1984 with the introduction of Green Line Investor Services and less than a decade later launched its full service brokerage, TD Evergreen. In 1987, the company established Toronto Dominion Securities Inc. to provide corporate, treasury and investment banking services to corporate clients. In 1992, the Bank acquired the assets of a major trust company, Central Guaranty Trust and began the operation of TD Bank and Trust.
The 1990s saw TD responding swiftly to the challenges of the Internet and leading the way in e-banking. In 1996, the bank created its web site and launched TD Access: PC, North America's first fully integrated banking and brokerage PC package. In 1998, TD introduced Web Access and within a year made e-banking services available to a growing number of customers internationally. By the 21st century, the bank had positioned itself as a multi-channel e-commerce company.
Also in 1998, the Toronto-Dominion Bank proposed to merge with the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, at the same time as the Bank of Montreal proposed to amalgamate with the Royal Bank of Canada. After examination of both mergers by the Competition Bureau of Canada, Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, ultimately rejected them.
The need to build TD into a major player in world financial markets prompted the Bank to acquire Waterhouse Investor Services, Inc. in 1996 (and in a stroke more than double its size as a discount broker). TD completed the $8 billion purchase of Canada Trust in 1999 and the merger took effect in February 2000.




TD Canada Trust Tower in Calgary.






TD Bank in Miami, Florida


Canada Trust brought a history as long and as rich as that of the TD Bank itself. It had grown from the same need for basic financial services in a young Canada. Founded by local businessmen in London, Ontario in 1864 as the Huron & Erie Loan and Savings Company[18] it could trace an ancestry, through mergers, to 1855 and the establishment of the Canada Permanent Mortgage Corporation by many of the same individuals who established the Bank of Toronto. It also had direct ties to Toronto General Trusts, Canada's first trust company, incorporated in 1872. These institutions were instrumental in providing a pioneering farming community and residents of the growing towns across Canada with mortgage funds and other financial services.
Huron & Erie/Canada Trust established itself as a dynamic mortgage and trust company, first in Ontario, then across Canada through the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It was consistently aggressive in building its business and marketing its services and became an innovator in customer service. Following its merger with Canada Permanent in 1989, Canada Trust became the country's sixth largest financial institution.
The Canada Trust acquisition gave the bank new momentum, significantly expanded the breadth and depth of the bank's branch coverage, and enhanced TD's customer service commitment. Some have incorrectly referred to the new corporation as TD Canada Trust, though the latter only makes up the largest division. Toronto-Dominion Bank has now been operating under the brand Toronto-Dominion Bank Financial Group (TDBFG).
With the merger of Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, the Competition Bureau required the group to sell either its MasterCard or Visa business. Citibank Canada bought TD Canada Trust's MasterCard business and clients. TD began advertising its Visa cards under the corporate brand TD Visa.
In the 1990s, TD acquired U.S. discount brokerage Waterhouse, renaming it "TD Waterhouse". In Canada, TD's own "Green Line" discount brokerage adopted the TD Waterhouse name.
In June 1999, TD sold 42 million shares or 12.4 percent of TD Waterhouse in an initial public offering, with shares priced at C$35.28 or US$24 per share, earning US$1.01 billion. In 2001, with the burst of the Dot-com bubble and lower trade volumes that decreased Waterhouse's share price, TD repurchased that minority stake at US$9 per share for only US$378 million, earning a profit on the privatization. The acquisition was conditional on TD owning at least 90 per cent of Waterhouse's outstanding common shares, and it owned almost 89 percent when the privatization was announced.[19][20]
In 2003, TD held talks with E-Trade about a merger of its TD Waterhouse component, but negotiations stalled over issues of control.[21] On August 26, 2004, the bank announced a definitive agreement to acquire a 51 per cent interest in Banknorth Group, Inc. (now TD Banknorth), a bank in the U.S. northeast. In 2005, TD announced an agreement to sell seventy-percent of TD Waterhouse (USA) to Ameritrade; TD would retain the remaining thirty percent in the newly created TD Ameritrade.
In late September 2009 and early October 2009, significant technical problems related to the integration of computer systems with the previously purchased Commerce Bank caused chaos for many customers as funds for scheduled direct deposits were not available and account balances were reported incorrectly. The bank's telephone lines experienced extremely high call volume and branches were crowded with customers looking for information.
In April 2010, TD Bank acquired three failed banks in the United States. It acquired certain assets and liabilities of Riverside National Bank of Florida, First Federal Bank of North Florida and AmericanFirst Bank from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).[22]
Toronto-Dominion and Bank of America announced an agreement on August 16, 2011, for Toronto-Dominion to acquire MBNA Canada′s credit card business for $8.5 billion.[23]
In June 2012, TD Canada Trust introduced a new enhanced Access Card with the new Visa Debit /Interac Flash Access Card which will allow customers to use it via phone/online and internationally through the Visa network.[24]
Mergers and acquisitions[edit]




A former Commerce Bank in Little Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, that was rebranded as TD Bank



Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank – 1955
Standard Chartered Bank of Canada Commercial branch – 1990s
Central Guaranty Trust (acquisition of assets and branches) – 1992
Waterhouse Investor Services – 1996
Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce announced merger; however Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, declared the merger void as not in the best interest of Canadians[17]
Newcrest Capital 2000 for $224 million (75% stock and 25% cash)[25]
Canada Trust – 2000
Stafford Trading and Letco Trading – 2002
Laurentian Bank retail branches (Ontario-BC) – 2003
Banknorth NA – 2005
Commerce Bancorp – 2007 (this created TD Bank, N.A. due to naming issues)
Riverside National Bank of Fort Pierce, Florida – 2010
The South Financial Group Inc. – 2010 (full transition completed in June 2011)
Chrysler Financial – April 2011[26]
MBNA Canada's credit card business – 1 December 2011[27]

Corporate governance[edit]

Bharat Masrani - President and CEO 2014–present
John M. Thompson - Non-executive chairman 2003–present
Frank McKenna - Deputy chairman 2006–present

Current members of the board of directors[28] of the company are: William Bennett, Hugh J. Bolton, John Bragg, Amy W. Brinkley, W. Edmund Clark, Colleen Goggins, Henry Ketcham, Brian M. Levitt, Harold MacKay, Karen E. Maidment, Irene R. Miller, Nadir H. Mohamed, Wilbur Prezzano, Helen Sinclair, and John Thompson.
Edmund Clark retired October 31, 2014, and was replaced by Bharat Masrani, who was previously President of TD U.S. Masrani will transition as TD Bank Group COO in 2013 and assume role as CEO when Clark retires.[29]
The title of Toronto-Dominion Bank's top executive has changed over the years. Initially it was styled as chairman. Later, it became chief executive officer and one often carried additional responsibilities as chairman of the board, while the second-in-command was the President. After the merger of the Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, while Charles Baillie was chairman and chief executive officer of the combined entity, Clark was appointed President and chief operating officer which solidified him as the eventual successor to Baillie. Upon Baillie's retirement, Clark became the President and chief executive officer, as the bank decided to appoint John M. Thompson as non-executive chairman.
Past presidents:

A. C. Ashforth, 1955–1960
Allen T. Lambert, 1960–1972
Richard M. Thomson, 1972–1978
Allan J. Boyle, 1978–1981
Robert W. Korthals, 1981–1995
A. Charles Baillie, 1995–2000
W. Edmund Clark, 2000–2014

Past Chairmen

Byron S. Vanstone, 1955–1956
A. C. Ashforth, 1956–1961
Allen T. Lambert, 1961–1978
Richard M. Thomson, 1978–1998
A. Charles Baillie, 1998–2003

Past top executives:

Herbert S. White, Executive Chairman (1960s–1970s)[30]
Allen T. Lambert (1960–1972), Chairman and President
Richard M. Thomson (1972–1978), Chairman and CEO
Robert W. Korthals (????–1995)
A. Charles Baillie (1995–2002), Chairman and CEO
W. Edmund Clark, President and COO (2000–2002)

Membership[edit]
TDBFG is a member of the Canadian Bankers Association (CBA) and registered member with the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC), a Government of Canada agency insuring deposits at all of Canada's chartered banks. It is also a member of:

Interac
NYCE ATM network
Plus Network for VISA cards
VISA International
Canadian Investor Protection Fund

Sponsorships[edit]
The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries own the naming rights to the following venues:

TD Ameritrade Park Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska, United States
TD Arena in Charleston, South Carolina, United States
TD Bank Arts Centre in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Ballpark in Bridgewater, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Sports Center in Hamden, Connecticut, United States
TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts, United States
TD Place Arena in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Place Stadium in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Stadium in London, Ontario, Canada

Credit agency ratings[edit]
After Moody's Investor Service downgraded the credit worthiness of Royal Bank of Canada to Aa1 on December 13, 2010, TD was the only of Canada's Big Five banks with a top Aaa credit rating (at the time CIBC was Aa2, Scotiabank Aa1 and Bank of Montreal was Aa2).[31] It is also ranked number 1 in the Top 1000 2012 listing.[32]
Controversies[edit]
News outlets reported the bank's policy regarding ordinary Iranian-Canadian citizens, July 10, 2012.[33] Some one hundred personal bank accounts had been closed to this date, citing the recent ambiguous Special Economic Measure Regulation of the Canadian government. A family in Vancouver was forced to refinance a $250,000 house mortgage in 60 days to avoid foreclosure.[33]
A TD Bank document became the focus of a recent contempt hearing in Miami federal court. In a civil lawsuit against TD Bank a jury found the bank liable for aiding Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein's $1.4 billion fraud.[34]
In 2015, Canadian news website the Halifax Examiner reported that a Political action committee (PAC) established by TD Bank had donated over $50,000 to the campaigns of anti-LGBT rights politicians in the United States.[35] The article suggested that this was problematic given TD Bank's status as a sponsor of 41 LGBT Pride events across North America; TD Bank made no comment. In response to this article, on October 6, 2015 a motion was brought at the Annual General Meeting of Halifax Pride to sever ties with TD Bank if it did not provide a satisfactory response to the concerns; the motion was ultimately defeated.[36]
On March 10, 2017, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's (CBC) news programme Go Public reported that TD Bank employees had admitted that, under pressure to achieve sale's targets, they had increased customers' lines of credit, overdraft amounts, and Visa credit limits without advising them which is against the law. One TD financial adviser says she "invested clients' savings into funds which were not suitable, because of the SR [sales revenue] pressure". Another admitted downplaying the risk of products saying: "I was forced to lie to customers, just to meet the sales revenue targets." In an internal letter to employees, Andy Pilkington, executive vice-president of branch banking, wrote: "We don't believe the [CBC] story is an accurate portrayal of our culture," but the report provided an opportunity "to pause, reflect and ask ourselves ... how we can do better for our people and our customers."[37] The bank's stock lost 5.55% of its value on March 10th declining by $3.88 (Cdn) per share to close at $66.00 (Cdn).[38]
Branch locations[edit]
As of January 2014 TD operates the sixth largest branch network in North America with 1,100 TD Canada Trust offices and 1,300 TD Bank (U.S.) offices. While its network extends across Canada and the U.S. Atlantic coast, customers of either the Canadian and U.S. component are not able to perform a full range of transactions at a branch of the other component. It does allow an expanded range of transactions to customers who register their accounts for its Cross-Border Banking program.[39]
TD operates 2,800 ATMs in Canada and 1,900 in the U.S. for a total of 4,700,[40] and allows customers of either component to withdraw funds in the U.S. or Canada without Plus Network or Presto! transaction surcharges.


Companies portal


Canada

All provinces
Northwest Territories
Yukon

United States


Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
New Jersey
New Hampshire
New York
North Carolina
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Vermont
Virginia
Washington, D.C.


References[edit]


^ a b "2014 Financial Statements and Notes" (PDF). TD Bank. 4 December 2013. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "RBC ousts Toronto-Dominion to become Canada’s top bank as both hit $1 trillion milestone". Financial Post. Retrieved 25 February 2017. 
^ "TD Bank: Company Information". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "Corporate Information". TD Bank. Retrieved 2015-08-07. 
^ "About Us". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "The Global 2000". Forbes. 21 April 2010. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Yerema, Richard; Leung, Kristina (9 October 2012). "TD Bank Financial Group Chosen as one of Canada's Top 100 Employers, Ten Best Companies to Work For and Greater Toronto's Top Employers for 2013". Eluta.ca. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b "Who We Are". Symcor. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Stemman, Roy, ed. (November 2010). "Nationwide cash service for world's second largest country". Value Solutions. Essex, UK: G4S. [dead link]
^ Mehta, Diana (8 April 2013). "RBC hiring practices under fire". The Chronicle Herald. Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Canadian Press. 
^ Narendran S; Chandan Agarwala (2012). "Success Stories" (PDF). Tech Connect (4/5). iGate. Retrieved 2013-04-10. 
^ Critchley, Barry (4 April 2011). "Bank-owned Symcor misses on timing". National Post. 
^ "Who We Are". Xerox. October 4, 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1871". TD.com. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1913". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Bank Note Series". Bank of Canada. Retrieved 2013-03-20. 
^ a b Pound, Richard W. (2006). Fitzhenry and Whiteside Book of Canadian Facts and Dates. Fitzhenry and Whiteside. ISBN 978-1554550098. 
^ "Statement of Significance for 762 Dundas Street" (PDF). City of London. 10 February 2011. Retrieved 2013-11-18. 
^ "TD Waterhouse IPO proves popular". CBC News. 10 November 2000. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "TD Bank to take TD Waterhouse private". CBC News. 10 October 2001. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "E-Trade, TD Waterhouse Call Off Merger Talks". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. 21 January 2004. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Sidel, Robin (16 April 2010). "Canada Firm Acquires Three Failed U.S. Banks; Others Shut". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "TD Bank Group Acquires Bank of America Canadian Credit Card Portfolio". banknerd.ca. 16 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "Your New Access Card". TD Canada Trust. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Securities buys Newcrest Capital". CBC News. 7 November 2000. 
^ Blumenthal, Jeff (1 April 2011). "TD Bank Financial completes purchase of Chrysler Financial". Philadelphia Business Journal. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD buys MBNA's Canadian credit card business". CBC News. 15 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Board of Directors". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Paddon, David (3 April 2013). "TD Bank CEO Ed Clark to retire in November 2014, Bharat Masrani named successor". Yahoo!. The Canadian Press. Retrieved 2013-04-03. 
^ "International Credit on Capital Markets Now and in the Future". The Empire Club of Canada. 11 March 1971. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Robertson, Grant; Perkins, Tara (13 December 2010). "RBC, Manulife hit by ratings downgrades". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 
^ "Top 1000 list". Report on Business. 28 June 2012. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b Kane, Laura (12 July 2012). "Iranian-Canadians furious over closure of TD Bank accounts". Toronto Star. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Controversial TD Bank form was clear on flagging fraud". South Florida Business Journal. 25 May 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-13. 
^ Ward, Jesse (24 July 2014). "TD Bank: sponsoring Pride and politicians who are against marriage equality". Halifax Examiner. Retrieved 2015-10-07. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Halifax Pride 2015 AGM Summary". Halifax Pride. 6 October 2015. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "'We do it because our jobs are at stake': TD bank employees admit to breaking the law for fear of being fired". cbc.ca. Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Toronto Dominion Bank". globeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Cross-Border Banking (US & Canada)". TD Bank. 14 January 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Green Machine ATM". TD Bank. January 14, 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 


Bibliography[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.: ill.; 24 cm.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to TD Canada Trust.



Official websites






TD Asset Management
TD Bank Group (TD)
TD Canada Trust
TD Commercial Banking
TD Insurance Home and Auto
TD Wealth
TD Securities
TD Financing Services
TD Real Estate Secured Lending




TD Ameritrade
TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
TD Capital[dead link]
TD Bank, N.A. (formerly Commerce Bank and TD Banknorth)
TD Meloche Monnex
TD Waterhouse Canada


TD Bank locations






TD stock profiles and quotes


TD NYSE Stock Quote
TD TSX Stock Quote[dead link]
Toronto-Dominion Bank stock performance chart from GStock[dead link]


General


Yahoo! - The Toronto-Dominion Bank Company Profile







v
t
e


Banks and credit unions in Canada








Banks








Big Five




Bank of Montreal
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (President's Choice Financial)
Royal Bank of Canada
Scotiabank (Tangerine)
Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD Canada Trust)






Other banks




AMEX Bank of Canada
Bridgewater Bank
Business Development Bank of Canada
Canadian Tire Financial Services
Canadian Western Bank
Citibank Canada
Equitable Bank
Exchange Bank of Canada
First Nations Bank of Canada
HSBC Bank Canada
ICICI Bank Canada
Laurentian Bank of Canada
Manulife Bank of Canada
Meridian Bank
National Bank of Canada
Rogers Bank
Vancity Community Investment Bank
VersaBank
Wealth One Bank of Canada
















Credit unions








Credit unions




Affinity Credit Union
Aldergrove Credit Union
Alterna Savings
Assiniboine Credit Union
BlueShore Financial
Central 1 Credit Union
Coast Capital Savings
Concentra Financial
Conexus Credit Union
Credit Union Central of Canada
Desjardins Group
Envision Financial
First Calgary Financial
First West Credit Union
Gulf and Fraser Fishermen's Credit Union
Island Savings
Kawartha Credit Union
Kootenay Savings Credit Union
Libro Financial Group
Meridian Credit Union
Mouvement des caisses populaires acadiennes
Servus Credit Union
Steinbach Credit Union
TCU Financial Group
Vancity
Windsor Family Credit Union
Your Credit Union
Your Neighbourhood Credit Union






Credit union deposit insurance


Alberta * British Columbia * Manitoba * New Brunswick * Newfoundland and Labrador * Nova Scotia * Ontario * Prince Edward Island * Saskatchewan














Other financial institutions








Federal financial institutions


Farm Credit Canada




Provincial financial institutions




ATB Financial


















v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


S&P/TSX 60 companies of Canada (February 22, 2016)






Agnico Eagle Mines
Agrium
ARC Resources
Bank of Montreal
Barrick Gold
BCE Inc.
BlackBerry
Bombardier
Brookfield Asset Management
Cameco
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
Canadian National
Canadian Natural Resources
Canadian Pacific
Canadian Tire
CCL Industries
Cenovus Energy
CGI Group
Constellation Software
Couche-Tard
Crescent Point Energy
Dollarama
Emera
Enbridge
Encana
First Quantum Minerals
Franco-Nevada
Fortis Inc.
Gildan
Goldcorp
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Inter Pipeline
Kinross Gold
Loblaw Companies
Magna International
Manulife Financial
Metro
National Bank of Canada
Pembina Pipeline
PotashCorp
Power Corporation
Restaurant Brands International
Rogers Communications
Royal Bank of Canada
Saputo
Scotiabank
Shaw Communications
Silver Wheaton
SNC-Lavalin
Sun Life Financial
Suncor Energy
Teck
Telus
Thomson Reuters
Toronto-Dominion Bank
TransCanada
Valeant
Weston
Waste Connections










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Toronto-Dominion_Bank&oldid=791162812"					
Categories: S&P/TSX 60 IndexS&P/TSX Composite IndexToronto-Dominion BankCompanies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeBanks of CanadaCanadian brandsCompanies based in TorontoBanks established in 19551955 establishments in OntarioCompanies formerly listed on the London Stock ExchangeBusiness process outsourcingOutsourcingOutsourcing in IndiaCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeMortgage lenders of CanadaOutsourcing in CanadaCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Pages containing links to subscription-only contentPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing French-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesia日本語РусскийSuomiதமிழ்Українська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 14:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Toronto-Dominion Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Toronto-Dominion Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian bank. For its subsidiary in the United States, see TD Bank, N.A.

Toronto-Dominion Bank





Trading name

TD Bank Group



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TD
TSX: TD
S&P/TSX 60 component


ISIN
CA8911605092


Industry
Financial services


Predecessors
Bank of Toronto
The Dominion Bank


Founded
1955; 62 years ago (1955)


Headquarters
Toronto-Dominion Centre
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Bharat Masrani,
CEO


Revenue
 $29.9 billion CAD (F2014)[1]



Net income

 $7.7 billion CAD (F2014)[1]


Total assets
 $998 billion CAD (F2015)[2]



Number of employees

85,000 (FTE, F2014)[3]


Divisions
TD Canada Trust


Subsidiaries
TD Securities
TD Waterhouse
TD Bank, N.A.
TD Asset Management


Website
td.com


The Toronto-Dominion Bank (French: Banque Toronto-Dominion) is a Canadian multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Toronto. Commonly known as TD and operating as TD Bank Group (French: Groupe Banque TD), the bank was created in 1955 through the merger of the Bank of Toronto and The Dominion Bank, which were founded in 1855 and 1869, respectively.
TD Bank Group is the second largest bank in Canada by market capitalization and a top-10 bank in North America. Globally, it ranks as the 19th largest bank in the world, according to Forbes.
The bank and its subsidiaries have over 85,000 employees and over 22 million clients worldwide.[4] In Canada, the bank operates as TD Canada Trust and serves more than 11 million customers at over 1,150 branches. In the United States, the company operates as TD Bank (the initials are used officially for all U.S. operations). The U.S. subsidiary was created through the merger of TD Banknorth and Commerce Bank, and serves more than 6.5 million customers with a network of more than 1,300 branches in the eastern United States.[5]
The company is ranked at number 66 on the Forbes Global 2000 2015 listing.[6] In October 2008, the company was named in the listings of Canada's Top 100 Employers in Maclean's and Greater Toronto's Top Employers by the Toronto Star.[7] Furthermore, in February 2011, it was named one of Canada's top 10 employers by the Financial Post.[citation needed]



Contents


1 Operations

1.1 Partners in Outsourcing

1.1.1 G4S Cash Solutions
1.1.2 iGate
1.1.3 Symcor




2 History
3 Mergers and acquisitions
4 Corporate governance
5 Membership
6 Sponsorships
7 Credit agency ratings
8 Controversies
9 Branch locations
10 References

10.1 Bibliography


11 External links



Operations[edit]
The bank's headquarters is at the Toronto-Dominion Centre at King Street and Bay Street in Toronto. The black skyscrapers were designed by the firm of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and were the first of their kind in the city. Opened in 1967, the TD Centre was the inspiration of Al Lambert (1911–2002), the former president and chairman of the board of the bank.
The subsidiaries of TD Bank Group (formerly TD Bank Financial Group) include:

TD Asset Management – institutional investment management
TD Auto Finance – new and used vehicle financing
TD Bank, N.A. – U.S. personal and commercial banking (merged entity of Commerce Bancorp, TD Banknorth and TD Bank USA)
TD Canada Trust – Canadian personal and commercial banking
TD Commercial Banking – global commercial banking
TD Insurance Meloche Monnex – insurance products and services, including a division that specializes in Alumni/Professional group rates
TD Merchant Services – a wholly owned subsidiary providing credit card processing services for merchants such as retailers
TD Securities – investment banking and capital markets
TD Wealth – wealth management
MBNA Canada – co-branded and affinity credit card services
Symcor – transaction processing (joint venture with Royal Bank of Canada and Bank of Montreal)[8]

Wealth Management offers investors an array of investment products and services. Wealth Management comprises a number of advisory, distribution and asset management businesses, including TD Mutual Funds.
TD Securities is the investment banking arm of TD Bank Group. It is an underwriter of debt and equity securities and strategic advisor to corporations, governments, and institutions worldwide. A key business segment is the trading of fixed income and equity products, currencies, commodities and derivatives in major financial markets around the world. It has offices in 18 cities worldwide with over 3,000 employees. TD Securities is a leading investment dealer in North America, has a strong presence in Europe, and is active in Asia.
Partners in Outsourcing[edit]
G4S Cash Solutions[edit]
In 1992 G4S Cash Solutions, a subsidiary of British security services company G4S plc, began a pilot project with Toronto-Dominion Bank in metro Toronto that developed into a nationwide partnership in 1997. G4S Cash Solutions secured the contract to transport cash and provide first line maintenance for the bank's automated teller machines (ATMs) – both cash dispensing and deposit pick up units." By 2010, G4S Cash Solutions operated 2,577 ATMs, 1,093 branch night deposits, 95 weekly balanced cash dispensers as well as eight cash dispensers for branch tellers and 100 across the pavement services and hosted a discussion on the introduction of polymer banknotes in 2011 with leading Canadian financial institutions.[9]
iGate[edit]
Multinational firm, iGate Corp provides support services for TD Bank, as well as Pratt and Whitney Canada among other international clients.[10][11]
Symcor[edit]
Toronto-Dominion Bank formed a partnership with Bank of Montreal (BMO) and Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) in 1996, to create Symcor, a private entity that offers transaction services such as item processing, statement processing and cash-management services to major banks and retail and telecommunications companies in Canada. As of 2011 Symcor produces close to 675 million statements and more than two billion pages of customer statements, and processes three billion cheques annually.[8][12]
Affiliated Computer Services, a subsidiary of Xerox, acquired Symcor’s U.S. operations in October 2014.[13]
History[edit]




The Toronto-Dominion Centre






TD Canada Trust Tower in Downtown Toronto that houses the corporate offices of TDBFG






TD Tower in Vancouver






TD in Markham, Ontario


The origins of the Toronto-Dominion Bank lie in the efforts of a group of businessmen in the Province of Canada West (as Ontario was called between 1840 and 1867), involved in the buying, milling and marketing of grain. They were determined to create a financial institution to meet their specific needs in banking, insurance and commodities exchange. The group submitted its first petition for the incorporation of the Millers, Merchants and Farmers Bank of Canada West in 1854 to the legislature of the province of Canada, which rejected the request. However, on March 18, 1855, their application for a charter for the Bank of Toronto, with an authorized capital of £500,000, was granted.
In July 1856, the Bank of Toronto opened its offices at 78 Church Street, Toronto, with a staff of three and immediately began development of a provincial network of branches. In 1860, it opened its first branch outside of Ontario, in Montreal.
The Bank of Toronto established itself as an efficient, profitable, but essentially conservative bank through the 19th century. It maintained a very high reserve against its capital and enjoyed the highest share price of any bank in Canada. Growth was very slow and deliberate with a few new branches opened in emerging regional centres. Core customers remained farmers, merchants, and processors of farm products (millers, brewers, distillers).
In 1871, a group of entrepreneurs and professionals under the leadership of James Austin launched the Dominion Bank to join the Bank of Toronto in the Ontario market. They were dedicated to creating a new institution "conducive to the general prosperity of that section of the country." Like the Bank of Toronto, the Dominion Bank was a cautious institution, "selecting its customers carefully, serving them well, and duly prospering with them" (in the words of the official history). It also created a network of branches, and in 1872 became the first Canadian bank to have two branches in one city–Toronto.
With the maturing of the Canadian economy and the opening of northern Ontario and the West in the 1880s and 1890s, the banks became more aggressive in loans to resource industries, utilities, and manufacturing. In 1897, the Dominion Bank opened its first western branch in Winnipeg and two years later the Bank of Toronto opened a branch in the British Columbia mining town of Rossland. In the first decade of the twentieth century, the banks rapidly expanded their branch networks in central Canada and across the west.
To mark their rise as significant national institutions, the Dominion Bank moved into a large new head office building at the corner of King and Yonge Streets in Toronto in 1879 and the Toronto Bank followed with another landmark head office at King and Bay Street in 1913.[14][15]
World War I brought new challenges for the two banks when they were called upon to finance war expenditures and to support the innovation of war bonds marketed to the general public. Half the staff of the two banks served in the armed forces.
Except for some contraction in the western provinces due to drought, the decade following the war was one of expansion and increasing profitability due to resource development and industrial expansion. Both banks weathered the storm of depression in the 1930s without great difficulty, despite a decline in earnings. Like all Canadian banks, they endured criticism of their credit policies and resisted the creation of a central bank to control the money supply and advise on fiscal policy. Ultimately the Bank of Canada was established in 1934 and by 1949, private banks were ordered to remove their currency from circulation.[16]
The coming of World War II involved the banks, once again, in the marketing of war bonds and in participation in the control of foreign exchange, rationing, and other financial war measures. Approximately 500 staff, or almost half the total, entered the armed forces.
The Bank of Toronto and Dominion Bank emerged from the war in 1945 stronger than ever, with assets more than doubled since 1939. With the post-war boom they became more active in business lending and in the penetration of new markets. However, they quickly realized that the costs of expansion and competition with much larger rivals made their objectives difficult to realize. Neither bank had engaged in acquisitions or mergers in order to grow, but both determined that a union with a bank of equal size would place them in a much stronger position to take advantage of the opportunities of the post-war economy.
In 1954, negotiations began between the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank, and by the end of the year an amalgamation agreement was reached. In their brief to the Minister of Finance the banks stated: "It is more burdensome for a small bank to keep pace with the development of our country than for a large bank, with the result that the effective growth and comparative influence of smaller banks will probably in the future decline in comparison with that of the larger banks."[citation needed]
Canada's Minister of Finance announced November 1, 1954, that he would accept the amalgamation and shareholders were asked for their approval. This was forthcoming in December and on February 1, 1955, the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank became the Toronto-Dominion Bank.
The first years of the new bank were dedicated to the demands of amalgamating the two predecessors, institutions of roughly equal size, but with different strengths and unique corporate cultures. The new institution combined head office functions, consolidated branches, and established a new regional organization. An aggressive program of branch modernization and expansion extended TD's presence in its traditional markets and took it into new territory in the Maritime provinces and on the natural resource frontier. The new bank established its identity through an active public relations campaign focused on customer service – "The Best in Banking Service", the bank's first slogan evolved into the highly successful "The Bank Where People Make the Difference".
The competitive banking environment, and the need for effective integration of two administrations, led the bank to re-assess and modernize business practices and methods through the second half of the 1950s. Management streamlined procedures, introduced new technology, and emphasized the human resources function as the bank placed increased weight on customer service and product knowledge.
The bank's emergence as a forward-looking institution was highlighted by the announcement in 1962 that it would have a new and very high-profile head office in downtown Toronto. The Toronto-Dominion Centre, designed by Mies van der Rohe, the leading architect of the day, would include the tallest building in Canada. It would revolutionize both the skyline of Toronto and the public perception of TD.
By the 1960s, the bank solidified its domestic base and established its credentials as a major institution. It began to look beyond its traditional spheres of operation and to explore the international scene and opportunities, domestic and foreign, for large scale project financing. It developed a network of U.S. representative offices, partnerships with global merchant banks and venture capital operations. Heralding a new commitment to independent and syndicated project financing, in 1967 the bank undertook the financing of the massive Anvil lead-zinc-silver mining operation in Yukon, the construction of the Rainbow crude oil pipeline in Alberta, and resource development ventures in Ireland.
The bank offered the first debentures in Canadian banking history on May 29, 1967. The Bank Act of 1967 ushered in a period of enormous change on the Canadian financial scene.[17] For the first time, banks were permitted to charge more than six-percent interest on loans, encouraging a new emphasis on personal and specialized consumer loans. More significantly, banks could now make mortgage loans on real estate and the mortgage loan portfolio quickly gained enormous significance.
By the close of the 1960s, the bank's customer base had become more diverse and new products and services were launched almost daily. The Visa card made its appearance (as Chargex) and mutual funds were marketed for the first time. In addition, the options for product and service delivery were greatly expanded thanks to computer and communications technology. An "On-Line Savings" system was introduced in Toronto in 1967 and ten years later the Green Machine appeared as the first "full-service" automatic teller machine (ATM) or ABM (automatic banking machine – the general term within Canadian banking), greatly enhancing the customer service capabilities of the bank.
To establish a modern and popular brand, the corporation introduced a new logo and adopted an official "TD green" in 1969. In the same period, television and radio advertising were utilized for the first time in order to promote the new range of products.
The bank kept in step with the times on other fronts as well. It encouraged women to move into management roles and appointed the first female bank manager in 1968. Little more than a decade later more than 40% of all management trainees were women.
International operations, which had gained in importance in the late 1960s, became a major focus of the bank after 1970. It launched new subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, United States, and the Middle East. In 1970, TD became first Canadian bank to make a substantial investment in commercial banking in Hong Kong and by the end of the decade TD's role in international lending and money market trading was supported by operations in almost every corner of the globe.
Following upon the success of the Toronto TD Centre, the bank was active in financing retail and commercial real estate projects across Canada. It was a partner in the Toronto Eaton Centre and participated in such major developments as the Pacific Centre in Vancouver, Edmonton Centre, TD Square in Calgary, and the TD Tower in Halifax.
The bank easily weathered the economic downturn of the early 1980s, showing consistent revenue increases from 1980 to 1984. By the late 1980s, however, the bank was caught up in the debt crisis in the developing world caused by the recession and the dramatic rise in interest rates. Significant loan losses were reported in 1987 and, while the bank participated actively in debt restructuring initiatives, it also committed itself to more conservative lending practices.
Despite the difficult economic conditions and the negative impact on earnings, the 1980s and early 1990s saw many positive developments. Deregulation began to eliminate the barriers between the various elements of the financial sector, particularly with the Bank Act of 1987. The bank moved into the discount brokerage business in 1984 with the introduction of Green Line Investor Services and less than a decade later launched its full service brokerage, TD Evergreen. In 1987, the company established Toronto Dominion Securities Inc. to provide corporate, treasury and investment banking services to corporate clients. In 1992, the Bank acquired the assets of a major trust company, Central Guaranty Trust and began the operation of TD Bank and Trust.
The 1990s saw TD responding swiftly to the challenges of the Internet and leading the way in e-banking. In 1996, the bank created its web site and launched TD Access: PC, North America's first fully integrated banking and brokerage PC package. In 1998, TD introduced Web Access and within a year made e-banking services available to a growing number of customers internationally. By the 21st century, the bank had positioned itself as a multi-channel e-commerce company.
Also in 1998, the Toronto-Dominion Bank proposed to merge with the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, at the same time as the Bank of Montreal proposed to amalgamate with the Royal Bank of Canada. After examination of both mergers by the Competition Bureau of Canada, Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, ultimately rejected them.
The need to build TD into a major player in world financial markets prompted the Bank to acquire Waterhouse Investor Services, Inc. in 1996 (and in a stroke more than double its size as a discount broker). TD completed the $8 billion purchase of Canada Trust in 1999 and the merger took effect in February 2000.




TD Canada Trust Tower in Calgary.






TD Bank in Miami, Florida


Canada Trust brought a history as long and as rich as that of the TD Bank itself. It had grown from the same need for basic financial services in a young Canada. Founded by local businessmen in London, Ontario in 1864 as the Huron & Erie Loan and Savings Company[18] it could trace an ancestry, through mergers, to 1855 and the establishment of the Canada Permanent Mortgage Corporation by many of the same individuals who established the Bank of Toronto. It also had direct ties to Toronto General Trusts, Canada's first trust company, incorporated in 1872. These institutions were instrumental in providing a pioneering farming community and residents of the growing towns across Canada with mortgage funds and other financial services.
Huron & Erie/Canada Trust established itself as a dynamic mortgage and trust company, first in Ontario, then across Canada through the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It was consistently aggressive in building its business and marketing its services and became an innovator in customer service. Following its merger with Canada Permanent in 1989, Canada Trust became the country's sixth largest financial institution.
The Canada Trust acquisition gave the bank new momentum, significantly expanded the breadth and depth of the bank's branch coverage, and enhanced TD's customer service commitment. Some have incorrectly referred to the new corporation as TD Canada Trust, though the latter only makes up the largest division. Toronto-Dominion Bank has now been operating under the brand Toronto-Dominion Bank Financial Group (TDBFG).
With the merger of Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, the Competition Bureau required the group to sell either its MasterCard or Visa business. Citibank Canada bought TD Canada Trust's MasterCard business and clients. TD began advertising its Visa cards under the corporate brand TD Visa.
In the 1990s, TD acquired U.S. discount brokerage Waterhouse, renaming it "TD Waterhouse". In Canada, TD's own "Green Line" discount brokerage adopted the TD Waterhouse name.
In June 1999, TD sold 42 million shares or 12.4 percent of TD Waterhouse in an initial public offering, with shares priced at C$35.28 or US$24 per share, earning US$1.01 billion. In 2001, with the burst of the Dot-com bubble and lower trade volumes that decreased Waterhouse's share price, TD repurchased that minority stake at US$9 per share for only US$378 million, earning a profit on the privatization. The acquisition was conditional on TD owning at least 90 per cent of Waterhouse's outstanding common shares, and it owned almost 89 percent when the privatization was announced.[19][20]
In 2003, TD held talks with E-Trade about a merger of its TD Waterhouse component, but negotiations stalled over issues of control.[21] On August 26, 2004, the bank announced a definitive agreement to acquire a 51 per cent interest in Banknorth Group, Inc. (now TD Banknorth), a bank in the U.S. northeast. In 2005, TD announced an agreement to sell seventy-percent of TD Waterhouse (USA) to Ameritrade; TD would retain the remaining thirty percent in the newly created TD Ameritrade.
In late September 2009 and early October 2009, significant technical problems related to the integration of computer systems with the previously purchased Commerce Bank caused chaos for many customers as funds for scheduled direct deposits were not available and account balances were reported incorrectly. The bank's telephone lines experienced extremely high call volume and branches were crowded with customers looking for information.
In April 2010, TD Bank acquired three failed banks in the United States. It acquired certain assets and liabilities of Riverside National Bank of Florida, First Federal Bank of North Florida and AmericanFirst Bank from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).[22]
Toronto-Dominion and Bank of America announced an agreement on August 16, 2011, for Toronto-Dominion to acquire MBNA Canada′s credit card business for $8.5 billion.[23]
In June 2012, TD Canada Trust introduced a new enhanced Access Card with the new Visa Debit /Interac Flash Access Card which will allow customers to use it via phone/online and internationally through the Visa network.[24]
Mergers and acquisitions[edit]




A former Commerce Bank in Little Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, that was rebranded as TD Bank



Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank – 1955
Standard Chartered Bank of Canada Commercial branch – 1990s
Central Guaranty Trust (acquisition of assets and branches) – 1992
Waterhouse Investor Services – 1996
Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce announced merger; however Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, declared the merger void as not in the best interest of Canadians[17]
Newcrest Capital 2000 for $224 million (75% stock and 25% cash)[25]
Canada Trust – 2000
Stafford Trading and Letco Trading – 2002
Laurentian Bank retail branches (Ontario-BC) – 2003
Banknorth NA – 2005
Commerce Bancorp – 2007 (this created TD Bank, N.A. due to naming issues)
Riverside National Bank of Fort Pierce, Florida – 2010
The South Financial Group Inc. – 2010 (full transition completed in June 2011)
Chrysler Financial – April 2011[26]
MBNA Canada's credit card business – 1 December 2011[27]

Corporate governance[edit]

Bharat Masrani - President and CEO 2014–present
John M. Thompson - Non-executive chairman 2003–present
Frank McKenna - Deputy chairman 2006–present

Current members of the board of directors[28] of the company are: William Bennett, Hugh J. Bolton, John Bragg, Amy W. Brinkley, W. Edmund Clark, Colleen Goggins, Henry Ketcham, Brian M. Levitt, Harold MacKay, Karen E. Maidment, Irene R. Miller, Nadir H. Mohamed, Wilbur Prezzano, Helen Sinclair, and John Thompson.
Edmund Clark retired October 31, 2014, and was replaced by Bharat Masrani, who was previously President of TD U.S. Masrani will transition as TD Bank Group COO in 2013 and assume role as CEO when Clark retires.[29]
The title of Toronto-Dominion Bank's top executive has changed over the years. Initially it was styled as chairman. Later, it became chief executive officer and one often carried additional responsibilities as chairman of the board, while the second-in-command was the President. After the merger of the Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, while Charles Baillie was chairman and chief executive officer of the combined entity, Clark was appointed President and chief operating officer which solidified him as the eventual successor to Baillie. Upon Baillie's retirement, Clark became the President and chief executive officer, as the bank decided to appoint John M. Thompson as non-executive chairman.
Past presidents:

A. C. Ashforth, 1955–1960
Allen T. Lambert, 1960–1972
Richard M. Thomson, 1972–1978
Allan J. Boyle, 1978–1981
Robert W. Korthals, 1981–1995
A. Charles Baillie, 1995–2000
W. Edmund Clark, 2000–2014

Past Chairmen

Byron S. Vanstone, 1955–1956
A. C. Ashforth, 1956–1961
Allen T. Lambert, 1961–1978
Richard M. Thomson, 1978–1998
A. Charles Baillie, 1998–2003

Past top executives:

Herbert S. White, Executive Chairman (1960s–1970s)[30]
Allen T. Lambert (1960–1972), Chairman and President
Richard M. Thomson (1972–1978), Chairman and CEO
Robert W. Korthals (????–1995)
A. Charles Baillie (1995–2002), Chairman and CEO
W. Edmund Clark, President and COO (2000–2002)

Membership[edit]
TDBFG is a member of the Canadian Bankers Association (CBA) and registered member with the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC), a Government of Canada agency insuring deposits at all of Canada's chartered banks. It is also a member of:

Interac
NYCE ATM network
Plus Network for VISA cards
VISA International
Canadian Investor Protection Fund

Sponsorships[edit]
The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries own the naming rights to the following venues:

TD Ameritrade Park Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska, United States
TD Arena in Charleston, South Carolina, United States
TD Bank Arts Centre in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Ballpark in Bridgewater, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Sports Center in Hamden, Connecticut, United States
TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts, United States
TD Place Arena in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Place Stadium in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Stadium in London, Ontario, Canada

Credit agency ratings[edit]
After Moody's Investor Service downgraded the credit worthiness of Royal Bank of Canada to Aa1 on December 13, 2010, TD was the only of Canada's Big Five banks with a top Aaa credit rating (at the time CIBC was Aa2, Scotiabank Aa1 and Bank of Montreal was Aa2).[31] It is also ranked number 1 in the Top 1000 2012 listing.[32]
Controversies[edit]
News outlets reported the bank's policy regarding ordinary Iranian-Canadian citizens, July 10, 2012.[33] Some one hundred personal bank accounts had been closed to this date, citing the recent ambiguous Special Economic Measure Regulation of the Canadian government. A family in Vancouver was forced to refinance a $250,000 house mortgage in 60 days to avoid foreclosure.[33]
A TD Bank document became the focus of a recent contempt hearing in Miami federal court. In a civil lawsuit against TD Bank a jury found the bank liable for aiding Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein's $1.4 billion fraud.[34]
In 2015, Canadian news website the Halifax Examiner reported that a Political action committee (PAC) established by TD Bank had donated over $50,000 to the campaigns of anti-LGBT rights politicians in the United States.[35] The article suggested that this was problematic given TD Bank's status as a sponsor of 41 LGBT Pride events across North America; TD Bank made no comment. In response to this article, on October 6, 2015 a motion was brought at the Annual General Meeting of Halifax Pride to sever ties with TD Bank if it did not provide a satisfactory response to the concerns; the motion was ultimately defeated.[36]
On March 10, 2017, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's (CBC) news programme Go Public reported that TD Bank employees had admitted that, under pressure to achieve sale's targets, they had increased customers' lines of credit, overdraft amounts, and Visa credit limits without advising them which is against the law. One TD financial adviser says she "invested clients' savings into funds which were not suitable, because of the SR [sales revenue] pressure". Another admitted downplaying the risk of products saying: "I was forced to lie to customers, just to meet the sales revenue targets." In an internal letter to employees, Andy Pilkington, executive vice-president of branch banking, wrote: "We don't believe the [CBC] story is an accurate portrayal of our culture," but the report provided an opportunity "to pause, reflect and ask ourselves ... how we can do better for our people and our customers."[37] The bank's stock lost 5.55% of its value on March 10th declining by $3.88 (Cdn) per share to close at $66.00 (Cdn).[38]
Branch locations[edit]
As of January 2014 TD operates the sixth largest branch network in North America with 1,100 TD Canada Trust offices and 1,300 TD Bank (U.S.) offices. While its network extends across Canada and the U.S. Atlantic coast, customers of either the Canadian and U.S. component are not able to perform a full range of transactions at a branch of the other component. It does allow an expanded range of transactions to customers who register their accounts for its Cross-Border Banking program.[39]
TD operates 2,800 ATMs in Canada and 1,900 in the U.S. for a total of 4,700,[40] and allows customers of either component to withdraw funds in the U.S. or Canada without Plus Network or Presto! transaction surcharges.


Companies portal


Canada

All provinces
Northwest Territories
Yukon

United States


Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
New Jersey
New Hampshire
New York
North Carolina
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Vermont
Virginia
Washington, D.C.


References[edit]


^ a b "2014 Financial Statements and Notes" (PDF). TD Bank. 4 December 2013. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "RBC ousts Toronto-Dominion to become Canada’s top bank as both hit $1 trillion milestone". Financial Post. Retrieved 25 February 2017. 
^ "TD Bank: Company Information". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "Corporate Information". TD Bank. Retrieved 2015-08-07. 
^ "About Us". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "The Global 2000". Forbes. 21 April 2010. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Yerema, Richard; Leung, Kristina (9 October 2012). "TD Bank Financial Group Chosen as one of Canada's Top 100 Employers, Ten Best Companies to Work For and Greater Toronto's Top Employers for 2013". Eluta.ca. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b "Who We Are". Symcor. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Stemman, Roy, ed. (November 2010). "Nationwide cash service for world's second largest country". Value Solutions. Essex, UK: G4S. [dead link]
^ Mehta, Diana (8 April 2013). "RBC hiring practices under fire". The Chronicle Herald. Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Canadian Press. 
^ Narendran S; Chandan Agarwala (2012). "Success Stories" (PDF). Tech Connect (4/5). iGate. Retrieved 2013-04-10. 
^ Critchley, Barry (4 April 2011). "Bank-owned Symcor misses on timing". National Post. 
^ "Who We Are". Xerox. October 4, 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1871". TD.com. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1913". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Bank Note Series". Bank of Canada. Retrieved 2013-03-20. 
^ a b Pound, Richard W. (2006). Fitzhenry and Whiteside Book of Canadian Facts and Dates. Fitzhenry and Whiteside. ISBN 978-1554550098. 
^ "Statement of Significance for 762 Dundas Street" (PDF). City of London. 10 February 2011. Retrieved 2013-11-18. 
^ "TD Waterhouse IPO proves popular". CBC News. 10 November 2000. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "TD Bank to take TD Waterhouse private". CBC News. 10 October 2001. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "E-Trade, TD Waterhouse Call Off Merger Talks". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. 21 January 2004. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Sidel, Robin (16 April 2010). "Canada Firm Acquires Three Failed U.S. Banks; Others Shut". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "TD Bank Group Acquires Bank of America Canadian Credit Card Portfolio". banknerd.ca. 16 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "Your New Access Card". TD Canada Trust. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Securities buys Newcrest Capital". CBC News. 7 November 2000. 
^ Blumenthal, Jeff (1 April 2011). "TD Bank Financial completes purchase of Chrysler Financial". Philadelphia Business Journal. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD buys MBNA's Canadian credit card business". CBC News. 15 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Board of Directors". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Paddon, David (3 April 2013). "TD Bank CEO Ed Clark to retire in November 2014, Bharat Masrani named successor". Yahoo!. The Canadian Press. Retrieved 2013-04-03. 
^ "International Credit on Capital Markets Now and in the Future". The Empire Club of Canada. 11 March 1971. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Robertson, Grant; Perkins, Tara (13 December 2010). "RBC, Manulife hit by ratings downgrades". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 
^ "Top 1000 list". Report on Business. 28 June 2012. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b Kane, Laura (12 July 2012). "Iranian-Canadians furious over closure of TD Bank accounts". Toronto Star. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Controversial TD Bank form was clear on flagging fraud". South Florida Business Journal. 25 May 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-13. 
^ Ward, Jesse (24 July 2014). "TD Bank: sponsoring Pride and politicians who are against marriage equality". Halifax Examiner. Retrieved 2015-10-07. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Halifax Pride 2015 AGM Summary". Halifax Pride. 6 October 2015. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "'We do it because our jobs are at stake': TD bank employees admit to breaking the law for fear of being fired". cbc.ca. Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Toronto Dominion Bank". globeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Cross-Border Banking (US & Canada)". TD Bank. 14 January 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Green Machine ATM". TD Bank. January 14, 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 


Bibliography[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.: ill.; 24 cm.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to TD Canada Trust.



Official websites






TD Asset Management
TD Bank Group (TD)
TD Canada Trust
TD Commercial Banking
TD Insurance Home and Auto
TD Wealth
TD Securities
TD Financing Services
TD Real Estate Secured Lending




TD Ameritrade
TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
TD Capital[dead link]
TD Bank, N.A. (formerly Commerce Bank and TD Banknorth)
TD Meloche Monnex
TD Waterhouse Canada


TD Bank locations






TD stock profiles and quotes


TD NYSE Stock Quote
TD TSX Stock Quote[dead link]
Toronto-Dominion Bank stock performance chart from GStock[dead link]


General


Yahoo! - The Toronto-Dominion Bank Company Profile







v
t
e


Banks and credit unions in Canada








Banks








Big Five




Bank of Montreal
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (President's Choice Financial)
Royal Bank of Canada
Scotiabank (Tangerine)
Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD Canada Trust)






Other banks




AMEX Bank of Canada
Bridgewater Bank
Business Development Bank of Canada
Canadian Tire Financial Services
Canadian Western Bank
Citibank Canada
Equitable Bank
Exchange Bank of Canada
First Nations Bank of Canada
HSBC Bank Canada
ICICI Bank Canada
Laurentian Bank of Canada
Manulife Bank of Canada
Meridian Bank
National Bank of Canada
Rogers Bank
Vancity Community Investment Bank
VersaBank
Wealth One Bank of Canada
















Credit unions








Credit unions




Affinity Credit Union
Aldergrove Credit Union
Alterna Savings
Assiniboine Credit Union
BlueShore Financial
Central 1 Credit Union
Coast Capital Savings
Concentra Financial
Conexus Credit Union
Credit Union Central of Canada
Desjardins Group
Envision Financial
First Calgary Financial
First West Credit Union
Gulf and Fraser Fishermen's Credit Union
Island Savings
Kawartha Credit Union
Kootenay Savings Credit Union
Libro Financial Group
Meridian Credit Union
Mouvement des caisses populaires acadiennes
Servus Credit Union
Steinbach Credit Union
TCU Financial Group
Vancity
Windsor Family Credit Union
Your Credit Union
Your Neighbourhood Credit Union






Credit union deposit insurance


Alberta * British Columbia * Manitoba * New Brunswick * Newfoundland and Labrador * Nova Scotia * Ontario * Prince Edward Island * Saskatchewan














Other financial institutions








Federal financial institutions


Farm Credit Canada




Provincial financial institutions




ATB Financial


















v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


S&P/TSX 60 companies of Canada (February 22, 2016)






Agnico Eagle Mines
Agrium
ARC Resources
Bank of Montreal
Barrick Gold
BCE Inc.
BlackBerry
Bombardier
Brookfield Asset Management
Cameco
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
Canadian National
Canadian Natural Resources
Canadian Pacific
Canadian Tire
CCL Industries
Cenovus Energy
CGI Group
Constellation Software
Couche-Tard
Crescent Point Energy
Dollarama
Emera
Enbridge
Encana
First Quantum Minerals
Franco-Nevada
Fortis Inc.
Gildan
Goldcorp
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Inter Pipeline
Kinross Gold
Loblaw Companies
Magna International
Manulife Financial
Metro
National Bank of Canada
Pembina Pipeline
PotashCorp
Power Corporation
Restaurant Brands International
Rogers Communications
Royal Bank of Canada
Saputo
Scotiabank
Shaw Communications
Silver Wheaton
SNC-Lavalin
Sun Life Financial
Suncor Energy
Teck
Telus
Thomson Reuters
Toronto-Dominion Bank
TransCanada
Valeant
Weston
Waste Connections










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Toronto-Dominion_Bank&oldid=791162812"					
Categories: S&P/TSX 60 IndexS&P/TSX Composite IndexToronto-Dominion BankCompanies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeBanks of CanadaCanadian brandsCompanies based in TorontoBanks established in 19551955 establishments in OntarioCompanies formerly listed on the London Stock ExchangeBusiness process outsourcingOutsourcingOutsourcing in IndiaCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeMortgage lenders of CanadaOutsourcing in CanadaCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Pages containing links to subscription-only contentPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing French-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesia日本語РусскийSuomiதமிழ்Українська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 14:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Toronto-Dominion Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Toronto-Dominion Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian bank. For its subsidiary in the United States, see TD Bank, N.A.

Toronto-Dominion Bank





Trading name

TD Bank Group



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TD
TSX: TD
S&P/TSX 60 component


ISIN
CA8911605092


Industry
Financial services


Predecessors
Bank of Toronto
The Dominion Bank


Founded
1955; 62 years ago (1955)


Headquarters
Toronto-Dominion Centre
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Bharat Masrani,
CEO


Revenue
 $29.9 billion CAD (F2014)[1]



Net income

 $7.7 billion CAD (F2014)[1]


Total assets
 $998 billion CAD (F2015)[2]



Number of employees

85,000 (FTE, F2014)[3]


Divisions
TD Canada Trust


Subsidiaries
TD Securities
TD Waterhouse
TD Bank, N.A.
TD Asset Management


Website
td.com


The Toronto-Dominion Bank (French: Banque Toronto-Dominion) is a Canadian multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Toronto. Commonly known as TD and operating as TD Bank Group (French: Groupe Banque TD), the bank was created in 1955 through the merger of the Bank of Toronto and The Dominion Bank, which were founded in 1855 and 1869, respectively.
TD Bank Group is the second largest bank in Canada by market capitalization and a top-10 bank in North America. Globally, it ranks as the 19th largest bank in the world, according to Forbes.
The bank and its subsidiaries have over 85,000 employees and over 22 million clients worldwide.[4] In Canada, the bank operates as TD Canada Trust and serves more than 11 million customers at over 1,150 branches. In the United States, the company operates as TD Bank (the initials are used officially for all U.S. operations). The U.S. subsidiary was created through the merger of TD Banknorth and Commerce Bank, and serves more than 6.5 million customers with a network of more than 1,300 branches in the eastern United States.[5]
The company is ranked at number 66 on the Forbes Global 2000 2015 listing.[6] In October 2008, the company was named in the listings of Canada's Top 100 Employers in Maclean's and Greater Toronto's Top Employers by the Toronto Star.[7] Furthermore, in February 2011, it was named one of Canada's top 10 employers by the Financial Post.[citation needed]



Contents


1 Operations

1.1 Partners in Outsourcing

1.1.1 G4S Cash Solutions
1.1.2 iGate
1.1.3 Symcor




2 History
3 Mergers and acquisitions
4 Corporate governance
5 Membership
6 Sponsorships
7 Credit agency ratings
8 Controversies
9 Branch locations
10 References

10.1 Bibliography


11 External links



Operations[edit]
The bank's headquarters is at the Toronto-Dominion Centre at King Street and Bay Street in Toronto. The black skyscrapers were designed by the firm of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and were the first of their kind in the city. Opened in 1967, the TD Centre was the inspiration of Al Lambert (1911–2002), the former president and chairman of the board of the bank.
The subsidiaries of TD Bank Group (formerly TD Bank Financial Group) include:

TD Asset Management – institutional investment management
TD Auto Finance – new and used vehicle financing
TD Bank, N.A. – U.S. personal and commercial banking (merged entity of Commerce Bancorp, TD Banknorth and TD Bank USA)
TD Canada Trust – Canadian personal and commercial banking
TD Commercial Banking – global commercial banking
TD Insurance Meloche Monnex – insurance products and services, including a division that specializes in Alumni/Professional group rates
TD Merchant Services – a wholly owned subsidiary providing credit card processing services for merchants such as retailers
TD Securities – investment banking and capital markets
TD Wealth – wealth management
MBNA Canada – co-branded and affinity credit card services
Symcor – transaction processing (joint venture with Royal Bank of Canada and Bank of Montreal)[8]

Wealth Management offers investors an array of investment products and services. Wealth Management comprises a number of advisory, distribution and asset management businesses, including TD Mutual Funds.
TD Securities is the investment banking arm of TD Bank Group. It is an underwriter of debt and equity securities and strategic advisor to corporations, governments, and institutions worldwide. A key business segment is the trading of fixed income and equity products, currencies, commodities and derivatives in major financial markets around the world. It has offices in 18 cities worldwide with over 3,000 employees. TD Securities is a leading investment dealer in North America, has a strong presence in Europe, and is active in Asia.
Partners in Outsourcing[edit]
G4S Cash Solutions[edit]
In 1992 G4S Cash Solutions, a subsidiary of British security services company G4S plc, began a pilot project with Toronto-Dominion Bank in metro Toronto that developed into a nationwide partnership in 1997. G4S Cash Solutions secured the contract to transport cash and provide first line maintenance for the bank's automated teller machines (ATMs) – both cash dispensing and deposit pick up units." By 2010, G4S Cash Solutions operated 2,577 ATMs, 1,093 branch night deposits, 95 weekly balanced cash dispensers as well as eight cash dispensers for branch tellers and 100 across the pavement services and hosted a discussion on the introduction of polymer banknotes in 2011 with leading Canadian financial institutions.[9]
iGate[edit]
Multinational firm, iGate Corp provides support services for TD Bank, as well as Pratt and Whitney Canada among other international clients.[10][11]
Symcor[edit]
Toronto-Dominion Bank formed a partnership with Bank of Montreal (BMO) and Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) in 1996, to create Symcor, a private entity that offers transaction services such as item processing, statement processing and cash-management services to major banks and retail and telecommunications companies in Canada. As of 2011 Symcor produces close to 675 million statements and more than two billion pages of customer statements, and processes three billion cheques annually.[8][12]
Affiliated Computer Services, a subsidiary of Xerox, acquired Symcor’s U.S. operations in October 2014.[13]
History[edit]




The Toronto-Dominion Centre






TD Canada Trust Tower in Downtown Toronto that houses the corporate offices of TDBFG






TD Tower in Vancouver






TD in Markham, Ontario


The origins of the Toronto-Dominion Bank lie in the efforts of a group of businessmen in the Province of Canada West (as Ontario was called between 1840 and 1867), involved in the buying, milling and marketing of grain. They were determined to create a financial institution to meet their specific needs in banking, insurance and commodities exchange. The group submitted its first petition for the incorporation of the Millers, Merchants and Farmers Bank of Canada West in 1854 to the legislature of the province of Canada, which rejected the request. However, on March 18, 1855, their application for a charter for the Bank of Toronto, with an authorized capital of £500,000, was granted.
In July 1856, the Bank of Toronto opened its offices at 78 Church Street, Toronto, with a staff of three and immediately began development of a provincial network of branches. In 1860, it opened its first branch outside of Ontario, in Montreal.
The Bank of Toronto established itself as an efficient, profitable, but essentially conservative bank through the 19th century. It maintained a very high reserve against its capital and enjoyed the highest share price of any bank in Canada. Growth was very slow and deliberate with a few new branches opened in emerging regional centres. Core customers remained farmers, merchants, and processors of farm products (millers, brewers, distillers).
In 1871, a group of entrepreneurs and professionals under the leadership of James Austin launched the Dominion Bank to join the Bank of Toronto in the Ontario market. They were dedicated to creating a new institution "conducive to the general prosperity of that section of the country." Like the Bank of Toronto, the Dominion Bank was a cautious institution, "selecting its customers carefully, serving them well, and duly prospering with them" (in the words of the official history). It also created a network of branches, and in 1872 became the first Canadian bank to have two branches in one city–Toronto.
With the maturing of the Canadian economy and the opening of northern Ontario and the West in the 1880s and 1890s, the banks became more aggressive in loans to resource industries, utilities, and manufacturing. In 1897, the Dominion Bank opened its first western branch in Winnipeg and two years later the Bank of Toronto opened a branch in the British Columbia mining town of Rossland. In the first decade of the twentieth century, the banks rapidly expanded their branch networks in central Canada and across the west.
To mark their rise as significant national institutions, the Dominion Bank moved into a large new head office building at the corner of King and Yonge Streets in Toronto in 1879 and the Toronto Bank followed with another landmark head office at King and Bay Street in 1913.[14][15]
World War I brought new challenges for the two banks when they were called upon to finance war expenditures and to support the innovation of war bonds marketed to the general public. Half the staff of the two banks served in the armed forces.
Except for some contraction in the western provinces due to drought, the decade following the war was one of expansion and increasing profitability due to resource development and industrial expansion. Both banks weathered the storm of depression in the 1930s without great difficulty, despite a decline in earnings. Like all Canadian banks, they endured criticism of their credit policies and resisted the creation of a central bank to control the money supply and advise on fiscal policy. Ultimately the Bank of Canada was established in 1934 and by 1949, private banks were ordered to remove their currency from circulation.[16]
The coming of World War II involved the banks, once again, in the marketing of war bonds and in participation in the control of foreign exchange, rationing, and other financial war measures. Approximately 500 staff, or almost half the total, entered the armed forces.
The Bank of Toronto and Dominion Bank emerged from the war in 1945 stronger than ever, with assets more than doubled since 1939. With the post-war boom they became more active in business lending and in the penetration of new markets. However, they quickly realized that the costs of expansion and competition with much larger rivals made their objectives difficult to realize. Neither bank had engaged in acquisitions or mergers in order to grow, but both determined that a union with a bank of equal size would place them in a much stronger position to take advantage of the opportunities of the post-war economy.
In 1954, negotiations began between the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank, and by the end of the year an amalgamation agreement was reached. In their brief to the Minister of Finance the banks stated: "It is more burdensome for a small bank to keep pace with the development of our country than for a large bank, with the result that the effective growth and comparative influence of smaller banks will probably in the future decline in comparison with that of the larger banks."[citation needed]
Canada's Minister of Finance announced November 1, 1954, that he would accept the amalgamation and shareholders were asked for their approval. This was forthcoming in December and on February 1, 1955, the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank became the Toronto-Dominion Bank.
The first years of the new bank were dedicated to the demands of amalgamating the two predecessors, institutions of roughly equal size, but with different strengths and unique corporate cultures. The new institution combined head office functions, consolidated branches, and established a new regional organization. An aggressive program of branch modernization and expansion extended TD's presence in its traditional markets and took it into new territory in the Maritime provinces and on the natural resource frontier. The new bank established its identity through an active public relations campaign focused on customer service – "The Best in Banking Service", the bank's first slogan evolved into the highly successful "The Bank Where People Make the Difference".
The competitive banking environment, and the need for effective integration of two administrations, led the bank to re-assess and modernize business practices and methods through the second half of the 1950s. Management streamlined procedures, introduced new technology, and emphasized the human resources function as the bank placed increased weight on customer service and product knowledge.
The bank's emergence as a forward-looking institution was highlighted by the announcement in 1962 that it would have a new and very high-profile head office in downtown Toronto. The Toronto-Dominion Centre, designed by Mies van der Rohe, the leading architect of the day, would include the tallest building in Canada. It would revolutionize both the skyline of Toronto and the public perception of TD.
By the 1960s, the bank solidified its domestic base and established its credentials as a major institution. It began to look beyond its traditional spheres of operation and to explore the international scene and opportunities, domestic and foreign, for large scale project financing. It developed a network of U.S. representative offices, partnerships with global merchant banks and venture capital operations. Heralding a new commitment to independent and syndicated project financing, in 1967 the bank undertook the financing of the massive Anvil lead-zinc-silver mining operation in Yukon, the construction of the Rainbow crude oil pipeline in Alberta, and resource development ventures in Ireland.
The bank offered the first debentures in Canadian banking history on May 29, 1967. The Bank Act of 1967 ushered in a period of enormous change on the Canadian financial scene.[17] For the first time, banks were permitted to charge more than six-percent interest on loans, encouraging a new emphasis on personal and specialized consumer loans. More significantly, banks could now make mortgage loans on real estate and the mortgage loan portfolio quickly gained enormous significance.
By the close of the 1960s, the bank's customer base had become more diverse and new products and services were launched almost daily. The Visa card made its appearance (as Chargex) and mutual funds were marketed for the first time. In addition, the options for product and service delivery were greatly expanded thanks to computer and communications technology. An "On-Line Savings" system was introduced in Toronto in 1967 and ten years later the Green Machine appeared as the first "full-service" automatic teller machine (ATM) or ABM (automatic banking machine – the general term within Canadian banking), greatly enhancing the customer service capabilities of the bank.
To establish a modern and popular brand, the corporation introduced a new logo and adopted an official "TD green" in 1969. In the same period, television and radio advertising were utilized for the first time in order to promote the new range of products.
The bank kept in step with the times on other fronts as well. It encouraged women to move into management roles and appointed the first female bank manager in 1968. Little more than a decade later more than 40% of all management trainees were women.
International operations, which had gained in importance in the late 1960s, became a major focus of the bank after 1970. It launched new subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, United States, and the Middle East. In 1970, TD became first Canadian bank to make a substantial investment in commercial banking in Hong Kong and by the end of the decade TD's role in international lending and money market trading was supported by operations in almost every corner of the globe.
Following upon the success of the Toronto TD Centre, the bank was active in financing retail and commercial real estate projects across Canada. It was a partner in the Toronto Eaton Centre and participated in such major developments as the Pacific Centre in Vancouver, Edmonton Centre, TD Square in Calgary, and the TD Tower in Halifax.
The bank easily weathered the economic downturn of the early 1980s, showing consistent revenue increases from 1980 to 1984. By the late 1980s, however, the bank was caught up in the debt crisis in the developing world caused by the recession and the dramatic rise in interest rates. Significant loan losses were reported in 1987 and, while the bank participated actively in debt restructuring initiatives, it also committed itself to more conservative lending practices.
Despite the difficult economic conditions and the negative impact on earnings, the 1980s and early 1990s saw many positive developments. Deregulation began to eliminate the barriers between the various elements of the financial sector, particularly with the Bank Act of 1987. The bank moved into the discount brokerage business in 1984 with the introduction of Green Line Investor Services and less than a decade later launched its full service brokerage, TD Evergreen. In 1987, the company established Toronto Dominion Securities Inc. to provide corporate, treasury and investment banking services to corporate clients. In 1992, the Bank acquired the assets of a major trust company, Central Guaranty Trust and began the operation of TD Bank and Trust.
The 1990s saw TD responding swiftly to the challenges of the Internet and leading the way in e-banking. In 1996, the bank created its web site and launched TD Access: PC, North America's first fully integrated banking and brokerage PC package. In 1998, TD introduced Web Access and within a year made e-banking services available to a growing number of customers internationally. By the 21st century, the bank had positioned itself as a multi-channel e-commerce company.
Also in 1998, the Toronto-Dominion Bank proposed to merge with the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, at the same time as the Bank of Montreal proposed to amalgamate with the Royal Bank of Canada. After examination of both mergers by the Competition Bureau of Canada, Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, ultimately rejected them.
The need to build TD into a major player in world financial markets prompted the Bank to acquire Waterhouse Investor Services, Inc. in 1996 (and in a stroke more than double its size as a discount broker). TD completed the $8 billion purchase of Canada Trust in 1999 and the merger took effect in February 2000.




TD Canada Trust Tower in Calgary.






TD Bank in Miami, Florida


Canada Trust brought a history as long and as rich as that of the TD Bank itself. It had grown from the same need for basic financial services in a young Canada. Founded by local businessmen in London, Ontario in 1864 as the Huron & Erie Loan and Savings Company[18] it could trace an ancestry, through mergers, to 1855 and the establishment of the Canada Permanent Mortgage Corporation by many of the same individuals who established the Bank of Toronto. It also had direct ties to Toronto General Trusts, Canada's first trust company, incorporated in 1872. These institutions were instrumental in providing a pioneering farming community and residents of the growing towns across Canada with mortgage funds and other financial services.
Huron & Erie/Canada Trust established itself as a dynamic mortgage and trust company, first in Ontario, then across Canada through the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It was consistently aggressive in building its business and marketing its services and became an innovator in customer service. Following its merger with Canada Permanent in 1989, Canada Trust became the country's sixth largest financial institution.
The Canada Trust acquisition gave the bank new momentum, significantly expanded the breadth and depth of the bank's branch coverage, and enhanced TD's customer service commitment. Some have incorrectly referred to the new corporation as TD Canada Trust, though the latter only makes up the largest division. Toronto-Dominion Bank has now been operating under the brand Toronto-Dominion Bank Financial Group (TDBFG).
With the merger of Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, the Competition Bureau required the group to sell either its MasterCard or Visa business. Citibank Canada bought TD Canada Trust's MasterCard business and clients. TD began advertising its Visa cards under the corporate brand TD Visa.
In the 1990s, TD acquired U.S. discount brokerage Waterhouse, renaming it "TD Waterhouse". In Canada, TD's own "Green Line" discount brokerage adopted the TD Waterhouse name.
In June 1999, TD sold 42 million shares or 12.4 percent of TD Waterhouse in an initial public offering, with shares priced at C$35.28 or US$24 per share, earning US$1.01 billion. In 2001, with the burst of the Dot-com bubble and lower trade volumes that decreased Waterhouse's share price, TD repurchased that minority stake at US$9 per share for only US$378 million, earning a profit on the privatization. The acquisition was conditional on TD owning at least 90 per cent of Waterhouse's outstanding common shares, and it owned almost 89 percent when the privatization was announced.[19][20]
In 2003, TD held talks with E-Trade about a merger of its TD Waterhouse component, but negotiations stalled over issues of control.[21] On August 26, 2004, the bank announced a definitive agreement to acquire a 51 per cent interest in Banknorth Group, Inc. (now TD Banknorth), a bank in the U.S. northeast. In 2005, TD announced an agreement to sell seventy-percent of TD Waterhouse (USA) to Ameritrade; TD would retain the remaining thirty percent in the newly created TD Ameritrade.
In late September 2009 and early October 2009, significant technical problems related to the integration of computer systems with the previously purchased Commerce Bank caused chaos for many customers as funds for scheduled direct deposits were not available and account balances were reported incorrectly. The bank's telephone lines experienced extremely high call volume and branches were crowded with customers looking for information.
In April 2010, TD Bank acquired three failed banks in the United States. It acquired certain assets and liabilities of Riverside National Bank of Florida, First Federal Bank of North Florida and AmericanFirst Bank from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).[22]
Toronto-Dominion and Bank of America announced an agreement on August 16, 2011, for Toronto-Dominion to acquire MBNA Canada′s credit card business for $8.5 billion.[23]
In June 2012, TD Canada Trust introduced a new enhanced Access Card with the new Visa Debit /Interac Flash Access Card which will allow customers to use it via phone/online and internationally through the Visa network.[24]
Mergers and acquisitions[edit]




A former Commerce Bank in Little Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, that was rebranded as TD Bank



Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank – 1955
Standard Chartered Bank of Canada Commercial branch – 1990s
Central Guaranty Trust (acquisition of assets and branches) – 1992
Waterhouse Investor Services – 1996
Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce announced merger; however Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, declared the merger void as not in the best interest of Canadians[17]
Newcrest Capital 2000 for $224 million (75% stock and 25% cash)[25]
Canada Trust – 2000
Stafford Trading and Letco Trading – 2002
Laurentian Bank retail branches (Ontario-BC) – 2003
Banknorth NA – 2005
Commerce Bancorp – 2007 (this created TD Bank, N.A. due to naming issues)
Riverside National Bank of Fort Pierce, Florida – 2010
The South Financial Group Inc. – 2010 (full transition completed in June 2011)
Chrysler Financial – April 2011[26]
MBNA Canada's credit card business – 1 December 2011[27]

Corporate governance[edit]

Bharat Masrani - President and CEO 2014–present
John M. Thompson - Non-executive chairman 2003–present
Frank McKenna - Deputy chairman 2006–present

Current members of the board of directors[28] of the company are: William Bennett, Hugh J. Bolton, John Bragg, Amy W. Brinkley, W. Edmund Clark, Colleen Goggins, Henry Ketcham, Brian M. Levitt, Harold MacKay, Karen E. Maidment, Irene R. Miller, Nadir H. Mohamed, Wilbur Prezzano, Helen Sinclair, and John Thompson.
Edmund Clark retired October 31, 2014, and was replaced by Bharat Masrani, who was previously President of TD U.S. Masrani will transition as TD Bank Group COO in 2013 and assume role as CEO when Clark retires.[29]
The title of Toronto-Dominion Bank's top executive has changed over the years. Initially it was styled as chairman. Later, it became chief executive officer and one often carried additional responsibilities as chairman of the board, while the second-in-command was the President. After the merger of the Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, while Charles Baillie was chairman and chief executive officer of the combined entity, Clark was appointed President and chief operating officer which solidified him as the eventual successor to Baillie. Upon Baillie's retirement, Clark became the President and chief executive officer, as the bank decided to appoint John M. Thompson as non-executive chairman.
Past presidents:

A. C. Ashforth, 1955–1960
Allen T. Lambert, 1960–1972
Richard M. Thomson, 1972–1978
Allan J. Boyle, 1978–1981
Robert W. Korthals, 1981–1995
A. Charles Baillie, 1995–2000
W. Edmund Clark, 2000–2014

Past Chairmen

Byron S. Vanstone, 1955–1956
A. C. Ashforth, 1956–1961
Allen T. Lambert, 1961–1978
Richard M. Thomson, 1978–1998
A. Charles Baillie, 1998–2003

Past top executives:

Herbert S. White, Executive Chairman (1960s–1970s)[30]
Allen T. Lambert (1960–1972), Chairman and President
Richard M. Thomson (1972–1978), Chairman and CEO
Robert W. Korthals (????–1995)
A. Charles Baillie (1995–2002), Chairman and CEO
W. Edmund Clark, President and COO (2000–2002)

Membership[edit]
TDBFG is a member of the Canadian Bankers Association (CBA) and registered member with the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC), a Government of Canada agency insuring deposits at all of Canada's chartered banks. It is also a member of:

Interac
NYCE ATM network
Plus Network for VISA cards
VISA International
Canadian Investor Protection Fund

Sponsorships[edit]
The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries own the naming rights to the following venues:

TD Ameritrade Park Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska, United States
TD Arena in Charleston, South Carolina, United States
TD Bank Arts Centre in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Ballpark in Bridgewater, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Sports Center in Hamden, Connecticut, United States
TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts, United States
TD Place Arena in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Place Stadium in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Stadium in London, Ontario, Canada

Credit agency ratings[edit]
After Moody's Investor Service downgraded the credit worthiness of Royal Bank of Canada to Aa1 on December 13, 2010, TD was the only of Canada's Big Five banks with a top Aaa credit rating (at the time CIBC was Aa2, Scotiabank Aa1 and Bank of Montreal was Aa2).[31] It is also ranked number 1 in the Top 1000 2012 listing.[32]
Controversies[edit]
News outlets reported the bank's policy regarding ordinary Iranian-Canadian citizens, July 10, 2012.[33] Some one hundred personal bank accounts had been closed to this date, citing the recent ambiguous Special Economic Measure Regulation of the Canadian government. A family in Vancouver was forced to refinance a $250,000 house mortgage in 60 days to avoid foreclosure.[33]
A TD Bank document became the focus of a recent contempt hearing in Miami federal court. In a civil lawsuit against TD Bank a jury found the bank liable for aiding Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein's $1.4 billion fraud.[34]
In 2015, Canadian news website the Halifax Examiner reported that a Political action committee (PAC) established by TD Bank had donated over $50,000 to the campaigns of anti-LGBT rights politicians in the United States.[35] The article suggested that this was problematic given TD Bank's status as a sponsor of 41 LGBT Pride events across North America; TD Bank made no comment. In response to this article, on October 6, 2015 a motion was brought at the Annual General Meeting of Halifax Pride to sever ties with TD Bank if it did not provide a satisfactory response to the concerns; the motion was ultimately defeated.[36]
On March 10, 2017, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's (CBC) news programme Go Public reported that TD Bank employees had admitted that, under pressure to achieve sale's targets, they had increased customers' lines of credit, overdraft amounts, and Visa credit limits without advising them which is against the law. One TD financial adviser says she "invested clients' savings into funds which were not suitable, because of the SR [sales revenue] pressure". Another admitted downplaying the risk of products saying: "I was forced to lie to customers, just to meet the sales revenue targets." In an internal letter to employees, Andy Pilkington, executive vice-president of branch banking, wrote: "We don't believe the [CBC] story is an accurate portrayal of our culture," but the report provided an opportunity "to pause, reflect and ask ourselves ... how we can do better for our people and our customers."[37] The bank's stock lost 5.55% of its value on March 10th declining by $3.88 (Cdn) per share to close at $66.00 (Cdn).[38]
Branch locations[edit]
As of January 2014 TD operates the sixth largest branch network in North America with 1,100 TD Canada Trust offices and 1,300 TD Bank (U.S.) offices. While its network extends across Canada and the U.S. Atlantic coast, customers of either the Canadian and U.S. component are not able to perform a full range of transactions at a branch of the other component. It does allow an expanded range of transactions to customers who register their accounts for its Cross-Border Banking program.[39]
TD operates 2,800 ATMs in Canada and 1,900 in the U.S. for a total of 4,700,[40] and allows customers of either component to withdraw funds in the U.S. or Canada without Plus Network or Presto! transaction surcharges.


Companies portal


Canada

All provinces
Northwest Territories
Yukon

United States


Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
New Jersey
New Hampshire
New York
North Carolina
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Vermont
Virginia
Washington, D.C.


References[edit]


^ a b "2014 Financial Statements and Notes" (PDF). TD Bank. 4 December 2013. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "RBC ousts Toronto-Dominion to become Canada’s top bank as both hit $1 trillion milestone". Financial Post. Retrieved 25 February 2017. 
^ "TD Bank: Company Information". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "Corporate Information". TD Bank. Retrieved 2015-08-07. 
^ "About Us". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "The Global 2000". Forbes. 21 April 2010. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Yerema, Richard; Leung, Kristina (9 October 2012). "TD Bank Financial Group Chosen as one of Canada's Top 100 Employers, Ten Best Companies to Work For and Greater Toronto's Top Employers for 2013". Eluta.ca. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b "Who We Are". Symcor. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Stemman, Roy, ed. (November 2010). "Nationwide cash service for world's second largest country". Value Solutions. Essex, UK: G4S. [dead link]
^ Mehta, Diana (8 April 2013). "RBC hiring practices under fire". The Chronicle Herald. Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Canadian Press. 
^ Narendran S; Chandan Agarwala (2012). "Success Stories" (PDF). Tech Connect (4/5). iGate. Retrieved 2013-04-10. 
^ Critchley, Barry (4 April 2011). "Bank-owned Symcor misses on timing". National Post. 
^ "Who We Are". Xerox. October 4, 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1871". TD.com. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1913". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Bank Note Series". Bank of Canada. Retrieved 2013-03-20. 
^ a b Pound, Richard W. (2006). Fitzhenry and Whiteside Book of Canadian Facts and Dates. Fitzhenry and Whiteside. ISBN 978-1554550098. 
^ "Statement of Significance for 762 Dundas Street" (PDF). City of London. 10 February 2011. Retrieved 2013-11-18. 
^ "TD Waterhouse IPO proves popular". CBC News. 10 November 2000. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "TD Bank to take TD Waterhouse private". CBC News. 10 October 2001. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "E-Trade, TD Waterhouse Call Off Merger Talks". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. 21 January 2004. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Sidel, Robin (16 April 2010). "Canada Firm Acquires Three Failed U.S. Banks; Others Shut". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "TD Bank Group Acquires Bank of America Canadian Credit Card Portfolio". banknerd.ca. 16 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "Your New Access Card". TD Canada Trust. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Securities buys Newcrest Capital". CBC News. 7 November 2000. 
^ Blumenthal, Jeff (1 April 2011). "TD Bank Financial completes purchase of Chrysler Financial". Philadelphia Business Journal. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD buys MBNA's Canadian credit card business". CBC News. 15 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Board of Directors". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Paddon, David (3 April 2013). "TD Bank CEO Ed Clark to retire in November 2014, Bharat Masrani named successor". Yahoo!. The Canadian Press. Retrieved 2013-04-03. 
^ "International Credit on Capital Markets Now and in the Future". The Empire Club of Canada. 11 March 1971. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Robertson, Grant; Perkins, Tara (13 December 2010). "RBC, Manulife hit by ratings downgrades". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 
^ "Top 1000 list". Report on Business. 28 June 2012. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b Kane, Laura (12 July 2012). "Iranian-Canadians furious over closure of TD Bank accounts". Toronto Star. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Controversial TD Bank form was clear on flagging fraud". South Florida Business Journal. 25 May 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-13. 
^ Ward, Jesse (24 July 2014). "TD Bank: sponsoring Pride and politicians who are against marriage equality". Halifax Examiner. Retrieved 2015-10-07. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Halifax Pride 2015 AGM Summary". Halifax Pride. 6 October 2015. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "'We do it because our jobs are at stake': TD bank employees admit to breaking the law for fear of being fired". cbc.ca. Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Toronto Dominion Bank". globeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Cross-Border Banking (US & Canada)". TD Bank. 14 January 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Green Machine ATM". TD Bank. January 14, 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 


Bibliography[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.: ill.; 24 cm.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to TD Canada Trust.



Official websites






TD Asset Management
TD Bank Group (TD)
TD Canada Trust
TD Commercial Banking
TD Insurance Home and Auto
TD Wealth
TD Securities
TD Financing Services
TD Real Estate Secured Lending




TD Ameritrade
TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
TD Capital[dead link]
TD Bank, N.A. (formerly Commerce Bank and TD Banknorth)
TD Meloche Monnex
TD Waterhouse Canada


TD Bank locations






TD stock profiles and quotes


TD NYSE Stock Quote
TD TSX Stock Quote[dead link]
Toronto-Dominion Bank stock performance chart from GStock[dead link]


General


Yahoo! - The Toronto-Dominion Bank Company Profile







v
t
e


Banks and credit unions in Canada








Banks








Big Five




Bank of Montreal
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (President's Choice Financial)
Royal Bank of Canada
Scotiabank (Tangerine)
Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD Canada Trust)






Other banks




AMEX Bank of Canada
Bridgewater Bank
Business Development Bank of Canada
Canadian Tire Financial Services
Canadian Western Bank
Citibank Canada
Equitable Bank
Exchange Bank of Canada
First Nations Bank of Canada
HSBC Bank Canada
ICICI Bank Canada
Laurentian Bank of Canada
Manulife Bank of Canada
Meridian Bank
National Bank of Canada
Rogers Bank
Vancity Community Investment Bank
VersaBank
Wealth One Bank of Canada
















Credit unions








Credit unions




Affinity Credit Union
Aldergrove Credit Union
Alterna Savings
Assiniboine Credit Union
BlueShore Financial
Central 1 Credit Union
Coast Capital Savings
Concentra Financial
Conexus Credit Union
Credit Union Central of Canada
Desjardins Group
Envision Financial
First Calgary Financial
First West Credit Union
Gulf and Fraser Fishermen's Credit Union
Island Savings
Kawartha Credit Union
Kootenay Savings Credit Union
Libro Financial Group
Meridian Credit Union
Mouvement des caisses populaires acadiennes
Servus Credit Union
Steinbach Credit Union
TCU Financial Group
Vancity
Windsor Family Credit Union
Your Credit Union
Your Neighbourhood Credit Union






Credit union deposit insurance


Alberta * British Columbia * Manitoba * New Brunswick * Newfoundland and Labrador * Nova Scotia * Ontario * Prince Edward Island * Saskatchewan














Other financial institutions








Federal financial institutions


Farm Credit Canada




Provincial financial institutions




ATB Financial


















v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


S&P/TSX 60 companies of Canada (February 22, 2016)






Agnico Eagle Mines
Agrium
ARC Resources
Bank of Montreal
Barrick Gold
BCE Inc.
BlackBerry
Bombardier
Brookfield Asset Management
Cameco
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
Canadian National
Canadian Natural Resources
Canadian Pacific
Canadian Tire
CCL Industries
Cenovus Energy
CGI Group
Constellation Software
Couche-Tard
Crescent Point Energy
Dollarama
Emera
Enbridge
Encana
First Quantum Minerals
Franco-Nevada
Fortis Inc.
Gildan
Goldcorp
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Inter Pipeline
Kinross Gold
Loblaw Companies
Magna International
Manulife Financial
Metro
National Bank of Canada
Pembina Pipeline
PotashCorp
Power Corporation
Restaurant Brands International
Rogers Communications
Royal Bank of Canada
Saputo
Scotiabank
Shaw Communications
Silver Wheaton
SNC-Lavalin
Sun Life Financial
Suncor Energy
Teck
Telus
Thomson Reuters
Toronto-Dominion Bank
TransCanada
Valeant
Weston
Waste Connections










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Toronto-Dominion_Bank&oldid=791162812"					
Categories: S&P/TSX 60 IndexS&P/TSX Composite IndexToronto-Dominion BankCompanies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeBanks of CanadaCanadian brandsCompanies based in TorontoBanks established in 19551955 establishments in OntarioCompanies formerly listed on the London Stock ExchangeBusiness process outsourcingOutsourcingOutsourcing in IndiaCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeMortgage lenders of CanadaOutsourcing in CanadaCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Pages containing links to subscription-only contentPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing French-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesia日本語РусскийSuomiதமிழ்Українська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 14:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Safe & secure Online Banking from TD Bank


























 Skip to main content 












About Us
Locations
Customer Service
En Español

























 




Online Banking

























Online Banking
Easy online access to your bank accounts – anytime, anywhere


                        
                    







 
           

Sign up for Online Banking



Already enrolled?
Log in







Send and receive money





Money Transfers
Transfer funds internally between your TD Bank accounts and externally with other bank accounts.
		






Send Money
It's free to send and receive money whenever, wherever* 
		






Online Bill Pay
Schedule and pay your bills online, like credit cards, utilities or mortgage – it's easy and free. 
		





Manage your account





Online Statements & Notices 
View your bank statements and notices online for increased security and less clutter. 
		






Banking E-mail Alerts
Set up personalized alerts - like low balance alerts - to help you track your finances. 
		






Quicken® and QuickBooks™
Access your accounts directly with Quicken® and QuickBooksTM







Online and Mobile Banking Tools and Resources









Downloads / FAQs









Mobile App
Mobile Banking FAQs
Download the TD Bank mobile app for Apple**
Download the TD Bank mobile app for Android**

Learn about Digital Wallets












Videos


























Expand Video Transcript 

				Welcome to TD Bank - America's Most Convenient Bank

Our Mobile Banking App offers flexibility, convenience, and security.

Our Mobile Banking App allows you to navigate with ease by using our intuitive dashboard. From the dashboard you can use quick links to navigate and a slide out menu to access features.

Our Mobile Banking App offers convenience on the go while you are out and about. You can check your account balances, view and perform transactions, and view your check images. Our funds transfer feature allows you to move funds immediately between your accounts or schedule future transfers. Our bill pay feature is easy to use and you can pay almost any company or person.

Our Mobile Banking App offers check deposit right from your phone, anywhere, anytime. It is so simple to deposit a check from your phone; the camera auto takes the picture for you.

We have many other great features in our mobile app, such as TouchID login from Apple. You can send and receive secure messages in your app inbox. You can view months' worth of online statements. You can update your personal settings, such as contact information, and change your password. Finding a branch location is fast and easy with our branch locator tool

Download our app today at the Apple and Google Play app stores by searching on TD Mobile App.



 






Learn about the mobile app





How to protect your identity - interactive guide









You might be interested in:

Personal checking accounts
TD Bank Visa® Credit Cards
Personal Loans
Digital Wallets
Special Offers







Collapse Important disclosures



	*Send Money is available for most personal checking and money market accounts. External transfer services are available for most personal checking, money market and savings accounts. To use either of these services you must have an Online Banking profile with a U.S. address, a unique U.S. phone number, an active unique e-mail address, and a Social Security Number. Your eligible personal deposit account must be active and enabled for ACH transactions and Online Banking transfers. To perform instant transfers a TD Bank Visa® Debit Card is required. Fees may apply depending on delivery options.
	
	For more information, read the Terms and Conditions.
	
	**By clicking on this link you are leaving our website and entering a third-party website over which we have no control.
	
	Neither TD Bank US Holding Company, nor its subsidiaries or affiliates, is responsible for the content of third-party sites hyperlinked from this page, nor do they guarantee or endorse the information, recommendations, products or services offered on third-party sites.
	
	Third-party sites may have different Privacy and Security policies than TD Bank US Holding Company. You should review the Privacy and Security policies of any third-party website before you provide personal or confidential information.











 













Toronto-Dominion Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Toronto-Dominion Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian bank. For its subsidiary in the United States, see TD Bank, N.A.

Toronto-Dominion Bank





Trading name

TD Bank Group



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TD
TSX: TD
S&P/TSX 60 component


ISIN
CA8911605092


Industry
Financial services


Predecessors
Bank of Toronto
The Dominion Bank


Founded
1955; 62 years ago (1955)


Headquarters
Toronto-Dominion Centre
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Bharat Masrani,
CEO


Revenue
 $29.9 billion CAD (F2014)[1]



Net income

 $7.7 billion CAD (F2014)[1]


Total assets
 $998 billion CAD (F2015)[2]



Number of employees

85,000 (FTE, F2014)[3]


Divisions
TD Canada Trust


Subsidiaries
TD Securities
TD Waterhouse
TD Bank, N.A.
TD Asset Management


Website
td.com


The Toronto-Dominion Bank (French: Banque Toronto-Dominion) is a Canadian multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Toronto. Commonly known as TD and operating as TD Bank Group (French: Groupe Banque TD), the bank was created in 1955 through the merger of the Bank of Toronto and The Dominion Bank, which were founded in 1855 and 1869, respectively.
TD Bank Group is the second largest bank in Canada by market capitalization and a top-10 bank in North America. Globally, it ranks as the 19th largest bank in the world, according to Forbes.
The bank and its subsidiaries have over 85,000 employees and over 22 million clients worldwide.[4] In Canada, the bank operates as TD Canada Trust and serves more than 11 million customers at over 1,150 branches. In the United States, the company operates as TD Bank (the initials are used officially for all U.S. operations). The U.S. subsidiary was created through the merger of TD Banknorth and Commerce Bank, and serves more than 6.5 million customers with a network of more than 1,300 branches in the eastern United States.[5]
The company is ranked at number 66 on the Forbes Global 2000 2015 listing.[6] In October 2008, the company was named in the listings of Canada's Top 100 Employers in Maclean's and Greater Toronto's Top Employers by the Toronto Star.[7] Furthermore, in February 2011, it was named one of Canada's top 10 employers by the Financial Post.[citation needed]



Contents


1 Operations

1.1 Partners in Outsourcing

1.1.1 G4S Cash Solutions
1.1.2 iGate
1.1.3 Symcor




2 History
3 Mergers and acquisitions
4 Corporate governance
5 Membership
6 Sponsorships
7 Credit agency ratings
8 Controversies
9 Branch locations
10 References

10.1 Bibliography


11 External links



Operations[edit]
The bank's headquarters is at the Toronto-Dominion Centre at King Street and Bay Street in Toronto. The black skyscrapers were designed by the firm of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and were the first of their kind in the city. Opened in 1967, the TD Centre was the inspiration of Al Lambert (1911–2002), the former president and chairman of the board of the bank.
The subsidiaries of TD Bank Group (formerly TD Bank Financial Group) include:

TD Asset Management – institutional investment management
TD Auto Finance – new and used vehicle financing
TD Bank, N.A. – U.S. personal and commercial banking (merged entity of Commerce Bancorp, TD Banknorth and TD Bank USA)
TD Canada Trust – Canadian personal and commercial banking
TD Commercial Banking – global commercial banking
TD Insurance Meloche Monnex – insurance products and services, including a division that specializes in Alumni/Professional group rates
TD Merchant Services – a wholly owned subsidiary providing credit card processing services for merchants such as retailers
TD Securities – investment banking and capital markets
TD Wealth – wealth management
MBNA Canada – co-branded and affinity credit card services
Symcor – transaction processing (joint venture with Royal Bank of Canada and Bank of Montreal)[8]

Wealth Management offers investors an array of investment products and services. Wealth Management comprises a number of advisory, distribution and asset management businesses, including TD Mutual Funds.
TD Securities is the investment banking arm of TD Bank Group. It is an underwriter of debt and equity securities and strategic advisor to corporations, governments, and institutions worldwide. A key business segment is the trading of fixed income and equity products, currencies, commodities and derivatives in major financial markets around the world. It has offices in 18 cities worldwide with over 3,000 employees. TD Securities is a leading investment dealer in North America, has a strong presence in Europe, and is active in Asia.
Partners in Outsourcing[edit]
G4S Cash Solutions[edit]
In 1992 G4S Cash Solutions, a subsidiary of British security services company G4S plc, began a pilot project with Toronto-Dominion Bank in metro Toronto that developed into a nationwide partnership in 1997. G4S Cash Solutions secured the contract to transport cash and provide first line maintenance for the bank's automated teller machines (ATMs) – both cash dispensing and deposit pick up units." By 2010, G4S Cash Solutions operated 2,577 ATMs, 1,093 branch night deposits, 95 weekly balanced cash dispensers as well as eight cash dispensers for branch tellers and 100 across the pavement services and hosted a discussion on the introduction of polymer banknotes in 2011 with leading Canadian financial institutions.[9]
iGate[edit]
Multinational firm, iGate Corp provides support services for TD Bank, as well as Pratt and Whitney Canada among other international clients.[10][11]
Symcor[edit]
Toronto-Dominion Bank formed a partnership with Bank of Montreal (BMO) and Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) in 1996, to create Symcor, a private entity that offers transaction services such as item processing, statement processing and cash-management services to major banks and retail and telecommunications companies in Canada. As of 2011 Symcor produces close to 675 million statements and more than two billion pages of customer statements, and processes three billion cheques annually.[8][12]
Affiliated Computer Services, a subsidiary of Xerox, acquired Symcor’s U.S. operations in October 2014.[13]
History[edit]




The Toronto-Dominion Centre






TD Canada Trust Tower in Downtown Toronto that houses the corporate offices of TDBFG






TD Tower in Vancouver






TD in Markham, Ontario


The origins of the Toronto-Dominion Bank lie in the efforts of a group of businessmen in the Province of Canada West (as Ontario was called between 1840 and 1867), involved in the buying, milling and marketing of grain. They were determined to create a financial institution to meet their specific needs in banking, insurance and commodities exchange. The group submitted its first petition for the incorporation of the Millers, Merchants and Farmers Bank of Canada West in 1854 to the legislature of the province of Canada, which rejected the request. However, on March 18, 1855, their application for a charter for the Bank of Toronto, with an authorized capital of £500,000, was granted.
In July 1856, the Bank of Toronto opened its offices at 78 Church Street, Toronto, with a staff of three and immediately began development of a provincial network of branches. In 1860, it opened its first branch outside of Ontario, in Montreal.
The Bank of Toronto established itself as an efficient, profitable, but essentially conservative bank through the 19th century. It maintained a very high reserve against its capital and enjoyed the highest share price of any bank in Canada. Growth was very slow and deliberate with a few new branches opened in emerging regional centres. Core customers remained farmers, merchants, and processors of farm products (millers, brewers, distillers).
In 1871, a group of entrepreneurs and professionals under the leadership of James Austin launched the Dominion Bank to join the Bank of Toronto in the Ontario market. They were dedicated to creating a new institution "conducive to the general prosperity of that section of the country." Like the Bank of Toronto, the Dominion Bank was a cautious institution, "selecting its customers carefully, serving them well, and duly prospering with them" (in the words of the official history). It also created a network of branches, and in 1872 became the first Canadian bank to have two branches in one city–Toronto.
With the maturing of the Canadian economy and the opening of northern Ontario and the West in the 1880s and 1890s, the banks became more aggressive in loans to resource industries, utilities, and manufacturing. In 1897, the Dominion Bank opened its first western branch in Winnipeg and two years later the Bank of Toronto opened a branch in the British Columbia mining town of Rossland. In the first decade of the twentieth century, the banks rapidly expanded their branch networks in central Canada and across the west.
To mark their rise as significant national institutions, the Dominion Bank moved into a large new head office building at the corner of King and Yonge Streets in Toronto in 1879 and the Toronto Bank followed with another landmark head office at King and Bay Street in 1913.[14][15]
World War I brought new challenges for the two banks when they were called upon to finance war expenditures and to support the innovation of war bonds marketed to the general public. Half the staff of the two banks served in the armed forces.
Except for some contraction in the western provinces due to drought, the decade following the war was one of expansion and increasing profitability due to resource development and industrial expansion. Both banks weathered the storm of depression in the 1930s without great difficulty, despite a decline in earnings. Like all Canadian banks, they endured criticism of their credit policies and resisted the creation of a central bank to control the money supply and advise on fiscal policy. Ultimately the Bank of Canada was established in 1934 and by 1949, private banks were ordered to remove their currency from circulation.[16]
The coming of World War II involved the banks, once again, in the marketing of war bonds and in participation in the control of foreign exchange, rationing, and other financial war measures. Approximately 500 staff, or almost half the total, entered the armed forces.
The Bank of Toronto and Dominion Bank emerged from the war in 1945 stronger than ever, with assets more than doubled since 1939. With the post-war boom they became more active in business lending and in the penetration of new markets. However, they quickly realized that the costs of expansion and competition with much larger rivals made their objectives difficult to realize. Neither bank had engaged in acquisitions or mergers in order to grow, but both determined that a union with a bank of equal size would place them in a much stronger position to take advantage of the opportunities of the post-war economy.
In 1954, negotiations began between the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank, and by the end of the year an amalgamation agreement was reached. In their brief to the Minister of Finance the banks stated: "It is more burdensome for a small bank to keep pace with the development of our country than for a large bank, with the result that the effective growth and comparative influence of smaller banks will probably in the future decline in comparison with that of the larger banks."[citation needed]
Canada's Minister of Finance announced November 1, 1954, that he would accept the amalgamation and shareholders were asked for their approval. This was forthcoming in December and on February 1, 1955, the Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank became the Toronto-Dominion Bank.
The first years of the new bank were dedicated to the demands of amalgamating the two predecessors, institutions of roughly equal size, but with different strengths and unique corporate cultures. The new institution combined head office functions, consolidated branches, and established a new regional organization. An aggressive program of branch modernization and expansion extended TD's presence in its traditional markets and took it into new territory in the Maritime provinces and on the natural resource frontier. The new bank established its identity through an active public relations campaign focused on customer service – "The Best in Banking Service", the bank's first slogan evolved into the highly successful "The Bank Where People Make the Difference".
The competitive banking environment, and the need for effective integration of two administrations, led the bank to re-assess and modernize business practices and methods through the second half of the 1950s. Management streamlined procedures, introduced new technology, and emphasized the human resources function as the bank placed increased weight on customer service and product knowledge.
The bank's emergence as a forward-looking institution was highlighted by the announcement in 1962 that it would have a new and very high-profile head office in downtown Toronto. The Toronto-Dominion Centre, designed by Mies van der Rohe, the leading architect of the day, would include the tallest building in Canada. It would revolutionize both the skyline of Toronto and the public perception of TD.
By the 1960s, the bank solidified its domestic base and established its credentials as a major institution. It began to look beyond its traditional spheres of operation and to explore the international scene and opportunities, domestic and foreign, for large scale project financing. It developed a network of U.S. representative offices, partnerships with global merchant banks and venture capital operations. Heralding a new commitment to independent and syndicated project financing, in 1967 the bank undertook the financing of the massive Anvil lead-zinc-silver mining operation in Yukon, the construction of the Rainbow crude oil pipeline in Alberta, and resource development ventures in Ireland.
The bank offered the first debentures in Canadian banking history on May 29, 1967. The Bank Act of 1967 ushered in a period of enormous change on the Canadian financial scene.[17] For the first time, banks were permitted to charge more than six-percent interest on loans, encouraging a new emphasis on personal and specialized consumer loans. More significantly, banks could now make mortgage loans on real estate and the mortgage loan portfolio quickly gained enormous significance.
By the close of the 1960s, the bank's customer base had become more diverse and new products and services were launched almost daily. The Visa card made its appearance (as Chargex) and mutual funds were marketed for the first time. In addition, the options for product and service delivery were greatly expanded thanks to computer and communications technology. An "On-Line Savings" system was introduced in Toronto in 1967 and ten years later the Green Machine appeared as the first "full-service" automatic teller machine (ATM) or ABM (automatic banking machine – the general term within Canadian banking), greatly enhancing the customer service capabilities of the bank.
To establish a modern and popular brand, the corporation introduced a new logo and adopted an official "TD green" in 1969. In the same period, television and radio advertising were utilized for the first time in order to promote the new range of products.
The bank kept in step with the times on other fronts as well. It encouraged women to move into management roles and appointed the first female bank manager in 1968. Little more than a decade later more than 40% of all management trainees were women.
International operations, which had gained in importance in the late 1960s, became a major focus of the bank after 1970. It launched new subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, United States, and the Middle East. In 1970, TD became first Canadian bank to make a substantial investment in commercial banking in Hong Kong and by the end of the decade TD's role in international lending and money market trading was supported by operations in almost every corner of the globe.
Following upon the success of the Toronto TD Centre, the bank was active in financing retail and commercial real estate projects across Canada. It was a partner in the Toronto Eaton Centre and participated in such major developments as the Pacific Centre in Vancouver, Edmonton Centre, TD Square in Calgary, and the TD Tower in Halifax.
The bank easily weathered the economic downturn of the early 1980s, showing consistent revenue increases from 1980 to 1984. By the late 1980s, however, the bank was caught up in the debt crisis in the developing world caused by the recession and the dramatic rise in interest rates. Significant loan losses were reported in 1987 and, while the bank participated actively in debt restructuring initiatives, it also committed itself to more conservative lending practices.
Despite the difficult economic conditions and the negative impact on earnings, the 1980s and early 1990s saw many positive developments. Deregulation began to eliminate the barriers between the various elements of the financial sector, particularly with the Bank Act of 1987. The bank moved into the discount brokerage business in 1984 with the introduction of Green Line Investor Services and less than a decade later launched its full service brokerage, TD Evergreen. In 1987, the company established Toronto Dominion Securities Inc. to provide corporate, treasury and investment banking services to corporate clients. In 1992, the Bank acquired the assets of a major trust company, Central Guaranty Trust and began the operation of TD Bank and Trust.
The 1990s saw TD responding swiftly to the challenges of the Internet and leading the way in e-banking. In 1996, the bank created its web site and launched TD Access: PC, North America's first fully integrated banking and brokerage PC package. In 1998, TD introduced Web Access and within a year made e-banking services available to a growing number of customers internationally. By the 21st century, the bank had positioned itself as a multi-channel e-commerce company.
Also in 1998, the Toronto-Dominion Bank proposed to merge with the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, at the same time as the Bank of Montreal proposed to amalgamate with the Royal Bank of Canada. After examination of both mergers by the Competition Bureau of Canada, Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, ultimately rejected them.
The need to build TD into a major player in world financial markets prompted the Bank to acquire Waterhouse Investor Services, Inc. in 1996 (and in a stroke more than double its size as a discount broker). TD completed the $8 billion purchase of Canada Trust in 1999 and the merger took effect in February 2000.




TD Canada Trust Tower in Calgary.






TD Bank in Miami, Florida


Canada Trust brought a history as long and as rich as that of the TD Bank itself. It had grown from the same need for basic financial services in a young Canada. Founded by local businessmen in London, Ontario in 1864 as the Huron & Erie Loan and Savings Company[18] it could trace an ancestry, through mergers, to 1855 and the establishment of the Canada Permanent Mortgage Corporation by many of the same individuals who established the Bank of Toronto. It also had direct ties to Toronto General Trusts, Canada's first trust company, incorporated in 1872. These institutions were instrumental in providing a pioneering farming community and residents of the growing towns across Canada with mortgage funds and other financial services.
Huron & Erie/Canada Trust established itself as a dynamic mortgage and trust company, first in Ontario, then across Canada through the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It was consistently aggressive in building its business and marketing its services and became an innovator in customer service. Following its merger with Canada Permanent in 1989, Canada Trust became the country's sixth largest financial institution.
The Canada Trust acquisition gave the bank new momentum, significantly expanded the breadth and depth of the bank's branch coverage, and enhanced TD's customer service commitment. Some have incorrectly referred to the new corporation as TD Canada Trust, though the latter only makes up the largest division. Toronto-Dominion Bank has now been operating under the brand Toronto-Dominion Bank Financial Group (TDBFG).
With the merger of Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, the Competition Bureau required the group to sell either its MasterCard or Visa business. Citibank Canada bought TD Canada Trust's MasterCard business and clients. TD began advertising its Visa cards under the corporate brand TD Visa.
In the 1990s, TD acquired U.S. discount brokerage Waterhouse, renaming it "TD Waterhouse". In Canada, TD's own "Green Line" discount brokerage adopted the TD Waterhouse name.
In June 1999, TD sold 42 million shares or 12.4 percent of TD Waterhouse in an initial public offering, with shares priced at C$35.28 or US$24 per share, earning US$1.01 billion. In 2001, with the burst of the Dot-com bubble and lower trade volumes that decreased Waterhouse's share price, TD repurchased that minority stake at US$9 per share for only US$378 million, earning a profit on the privatization. The acquisition was conditional on TD owning at least 90 per cent of Waterhouse's outstanding common shares, and it owned almost 89 percent when the privatization was announced.[19][20]
In 2003, TD held talks with E-Trade about a merger of its TD Waterhouse component, but negotiations stalled over issues of control.[21] On August 26, 2004, the bank announced a definitive agreement to acquire a 51 per cent interest in Banknorth Group, Inc. (now TD Banknorth), a bank in the U.S. northeast. In 2005, TD announced an agreement to sell seventy-percent of TD Waterhouse (USA) to Ameritrade; TD would retain the remaining thirty percent in the newly created TD Ameritrade.
In late September 2009 and early October 2009, significant technical problems related to the integration of computer systems with the previously purchased Commerce Bank caused chaos for many customers as funds for scheduled direct deposits were not available and account balances were reported incorrectly. The bank's telephone lines experienced extremely high call volume and branches were crowded with customers looking for information.
In April 2010, TD Bank acquired three failed banks in the United States. It acquired certain assets and liabilities of Riverside National Bank of Florida, First Federal Bank of North Florida and AmericanFirst Bank from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).[22]
Toronto-Dominion and Bank of America announced an agreement on August 16, 2011, for Toronto-Dominion to acquire MBNA Canada′s credit card business for $8.5 billion.[23]
In June 2012, TD Canada Trust introduced a new enhanced Access Card with the new Visa Debit /Interac Flash Access Card which will allow customers to use it via phone/online and internationally through the Visa network.[24]
Mergers and acquisitions[edit]




A former Commerce Bank in Little Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, that was rebranded as TD Bank



Bank of Toronto and the Dominion Bank – 1955
Standard Chartered Bank of Canada Commercial branch – 1990s
Central Guaranty Trust (acquisition of assets and branches) – 1992
Waterhouse Investor Services – 1996
Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce announced merger; however Paul Martin, then Finance Minister, declared the merger void as not in the best interest of Canadians[17]
Newcrest Capital 2000 for $224 million (75% stock and 25% cash)[25]
Canada Trust – 2000
Stafford Trading and Letco Trading – 2002
Laurentian Bank retail branches (Ontario-BC) – 2003
Banknorth NA – 2005
Commerce Bancorp – 2007 (this created TD Bank, N.A. due to naming issues)
Riverside National Bank of Fort Pierce, Florida – 2010
The South Financial Group Inc. – 2010 (full transition completed in June 2011)
Chrysler Financial – April 2011[26]
MBNA Canada's credit card business – 1 December 2011[27]

Corporate governance[edit]

Bharat Masrani - President and CEO 2014–present
John M. Thompson - Non-executive chairman 2003–present
Frank McKenna - Deputy chairman 2006–present

Current members of the board of directors[28] of the company are: William Bennett, Hugh J. Bolton, John Bragg, Amy W. Brinkley, W. Edmund Clark, Colleen Goggins, Henry Ketcham, Brian M. Levitt, Harold MacKay, Karen E. Maidment, Irene R. Miller, Nadir H. Mohamed, Wilbur Prezzano, Helen Sinclair, and John Thompson.
Edmund Clark retired October 31, 2014, and was replaced by Bharat Masrani, who was previously President of TD U.S. Masrani will transition as TD Bank Group COO in 2013 and assume role as CEO when Clark retires.[29]
The title of Toronto-Dominion Bank's top executive has changed over the years. Initially it was styled as chairman. Later, it became chief executive officer and one often carried additional responsibilities as chairman of the board, while the second-in-command was the President. After the merger of the Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canada Trust, while Charles Baillie was chairman and chief executive officer of the combined entity, Clark was appointed President and chief operating officer which solidified him as the eventual successor to Baillie. Upon Baillie's retirement, Clark became the President and chief executive officer, as the bank decided to appoint John M. Thompson as non-executive chairman.
Past presidents:

A. C. Ashforth, 1955–1960
Allen T. Lambert, 1960–1972
Richard M. Thomson, 1972–1978
Allan J. Boyle, 1978–1981
Robert W. Korthals, 1981–1995
A. Charles Baillie, 1995–2000
W. Edmund Clark, 2000–2014

Past Chairmen

Byron S. Vanstone, 1955–1956
A. C. Ashforth, 1956–1961
Allen T. Lambert, 1961–1978
Richard M. Thomson, 1978–1998
A. Charles Baillie, 1998–2003

Past top executives:

Herbert S. White, Executive Chairman (1960s–1970s)[30]
Allen T. Lambert (1960–1972), Chairman and President
Richard M. Thomson (1972–1978), Chairman and CEO
Robert W. Korthals (????–1995)
A. Charles Baillie (1995–2002), Chairman and CEO
W. Edmund Clark, President and COO (2000–2002)

Membership[edit]
TDBFG is a member of the Canadian Bankers Association (CBA) and registered member with the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC), a Government of Canada agency insuring deposits at all of Canada's chartered banks. It is also a member of:

Interac
NYCE ATM network
Plus Network for VISA cards
VISA International
Canadian Investor Protection Fund

Sponsorships[edit]
The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries own the naming rights to the following venues:

TD Ameritrade Park Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska, United States
TD Arena in Charleston, South Carolina, United States
TD Bank Arts Centre in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Ballpark in Bridgewater, New Jersey, United States
TD Bank Sports Center in Hamden, Connecticut, United States
TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts, United States
TD Place Arena in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Place Stadium in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TD Stadium in London, Ontario, Canada

Credit agency ratings[edit]
After Moody's Investor Service downgraded the credit worthiness of Royal Bank of Canada to Aa1 on December 13, 2010, TD was the only of Canada's Big Five banks with a top Aaa credit rating (at the time CIBC was Aa2, Scotiabank Aa1 and Bank of Montreal was Aa2).[31] It is also ranked number 1 in the Top 1000 2012 listing.[32]
Controversies[edit]
News outlets reported the bank's policy regarding ordinary Iranian-Canadian citizens, July 10, 2012.[33] Some one hundred personal bank accounts had been closed to this date, citing the recent ambiguous Special Economic Measure Regulation of the Canadian government. A family in Vancouver was forced to refinance a $250,000 house mortgage in 60 days to avoid foreclosure.[33]
A TD Bank document became the focus of a recent contempt hearing in Miami federal court. In a civil lawsuit against TD Bank a jury found the bank liable for aiding Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein's $1.4 billion fraud.[34]
In 2015, Canadian news website the Halifax Examiner reported that a Political action committee (PAC) established by TD Bank had donated over $50,000 to the campaigns of anti-LGBT rights politicians in the United States.[35] The article suggested that this was problematic given TD Bank's status as a sponsor of 41 LGBT Pride events across North America; TD Bank made no comment. In response to this article, on October 6, 2015 a motion was brought at the Annual General Meeting of Halifax Pride to sever ties with TD Bank if it did not provide a satisfactory response to the concerns; the motion was ultimately defeated.[36]
On March 10, 2017, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's (CBC) news programme Go Public reported that TD Bank employees had admitted that, under pressure to achieve sale's targets, they had increased customers' lines of credit, overdraft amounts, and Visa credit limits without advising them which is against the law. One TD financial adviser says she "invested clients' savings into funds which were not suitable, because of the SR [sales revenue] pressure". Another admitted downplaying the risk of products saying: "I was forced to lie to customers, just to meet the sales revenue targets." In an internal letter to employees, Andy Pilkington, executive vice-president of branch banking, wrote: "We don't believe the [CBC] story is an accurate portrayal of our culture," but the report provided an opportunity "to pause, reflect and ask ourselves ... how we can do better for our people and our customers."[37] The bank's stock lost 5.55% of its value on March 10th declining by $3.88 (Cdn) per share to close at $66.00 (Cdn).[38]
Branch locations[edit]
As of January 2014 TD operates the sixth largest branch network in North America with 1,100 TD Canada Trust offices and 1,300 TD Bank (U.S.) offices. While its network extends across Canada and the U.S. Atlantic coast, customers of either the Canadian and U.S. component are not able to perform a full range of transactions at a branch of the other component. It does allow an expanded range of transactions to customers who register their accounts for its Cross-Border Banking program.[39]
TD operates 2,800 ATMs in Canada and 1,900 in the U.S. for a total of 4,700,[40] and allows customers of either component to withdraw funds in the U.S. or Canada without Plus Network or Presto! transaction surcharges.


Companies portal


Canada

All provinces
Northwest Territories
Yukon

United States


Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
New Jersey
New Hampshire
New York
North Carolina
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Vermont
Virginia
Washington, D.C.


References[edit]


^ a b "2014 Financial Statements and Notes" (PDF). TD Bank. 4 December 2013. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "RBC ousts Toronto-Dominion to become Canada’s top bank as both hit $1 trillion milestone". Financial Post. Retrieved 25 February 2017. 
^ "TD Bank: Company Information". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2014-04-24. 
^ "Corporate Information". TD Bank. Retrieved 2015-08-07. 
^ "About Us". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "The Global 2000". Forbes. 21 April 2010. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Yerema, Richard; Leung, Kristina (9 October 2012). "TD Bank Financial Group Chosen as one of Canada's Top 100 Employers, Ten Best Companies to Work For and Greater Toronto's Top Employers for 2013". Eluta.ca. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b "Who We Are". Symcor. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Stemman, Roy, ed. (November 2010). "Nationwide cash service for world's second largest country". Value Solutions. Essex, UK: G4S. [dead link]
^ Mehta, Diana (8 April 2013). "RBC hiring practices under fire". The Chronicle Herald. Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Canadian Press. 
^ Narendran S; Chandan Agarwala (2012). "Success Stories" (PDF). Tech Connect (4/5). iGate. Retrieved 2013-04-10. 
^ Critchley, Barry (4 April 2011). "Bank-owned Symcor misses on timing". National Post. 
^ "Who We Are". Xerox. October 4, 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1871". TD.com. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Historical Timeline—1913". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "Bank Note Series". Bank of Canada. Retrieved 2013-03-20. 
^ a b Pound, Richard W. (2006). Fitzhenry and Whiteside Book of Canadian Facts and Dates. Fitzhenry and Whiteside. ISBN 978-1554550098. 
^ "Statement of Significance for 762 Dundas Street" (PDF). City of London. 10 February 2011. Retrieved 2013-11-18. 
^ "TD Waterhouse IPO proves popular". CBC News. 10 November 2000. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "TD Bank to take TD Waterhouse private". CBC News. 10 October 2001. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "E-Trade, TD Waterhouse Call Off Merger Talks". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. 21 January 2004. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Sidel, Robin (16 April 2010). "Canada Firm Acquires Three Failed U.S. Banks; Others Shut". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "TD Bank Group Acquires Bank of America Canadian Credit Card Portfolio". banknerd.ca. 16 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. [dead link]
^ "Your New Access Card". TD Canada Trust. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Securities buys Newcrest Capital". CBC News. 7 November 2000. 
^ Blumenthal, Jeff (1 April 2011). "TD Bank Financial completes purchase of Chrysler Financial". Philadelphia Business Journal. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD buys MBNA's Canadian credit card business". CBC News. 15 August 2011. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ "TD Board of Directors". TD Bank. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Paddon, David (3 April 2013). "TD Bank CEO Ed Clark to retire in November 2014, Bharat Masrani named successor". Yahoo!. The Canadian Press. Retrieved 2013-04-03. 
^ "International Credit on Capital Markets Now and in the Future". The Empire Club of Canada. 11 March 1971. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ Robertson, Grant; Perkins, Tara (13 December 2010). "RBC, Manulife hit by ratings downgrades". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 
^ "Top 1000 list". Report on Business. 28 June 2012. Retrieved 2013-03-21. 
^ a b Kane, Laura (12 July 2012). "Iranian-Canadians furious over closure of TD Bank accounts". Toronto Star. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Controversial TD Bank form was clear on flagging fraud". South Florida Business Journal. 25 May 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-13. 
^ Ward, Jesse (24 July 2014). "TD Bank: sponsoring Pride and politicians who are against marriage equality". Halifax Examiner. Retrieved 2015-10-07. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Halifax Pride 2015 AGM Summary". Halifax Pride. 6 October 2015. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "'We do it because our jobs are at stake': TD bank employees admit to breaking the law for fear of being fired". cbc.ca. Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Toronto Dominion Bank". globeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2017. 
^ "Cross-Border Banking (US & Canada)". TD Bank. 14 January 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 
^ "Green Machine ATM". TD Bank. January 14, 2014. Retrieved 2014-01-14. 


Bibliography[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.: ill.; 24 cm.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to TD Canada Trust.



Official websites






TD Asset Management
TD Bank Group (TD)
TD Canada Trust
TD Commercial Banking
TD Insurance Home and Auto
TD Wealth
TD Securities
TD Financing Services
TD Real Estate Secured Lending




TD Ameritrade
TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
TD Capital[dead link]
TD Bank, N.A. (formerly Commerce Bank and TD Banknorth)
TD Meloche Monnex
TD Waterhouse Canada


TD Bank locations






TD stock profiles and quotes


TD NYSE Stock Quote
TD TSX Stock Quote[dead link]
Toronto-Dominion Bank stock performance chart from GStock[dead link]


General


Yahoo! - The Toronto-Dominion Bank Company Profile







v
t
e


Banks and credit unions in Canada








Banks








Big Five




Bank of Montreal
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (President's Choice Financial)
Royal Bank of Canada
Scotiabank (Tangerine)
Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD Canada Trust)






Other banks




AMEX Bank of Canada
Bridgewater Bank
Business Development Bank of Canada
Canadian Tire Financial Services
Canadian Western Bank
Citibank Canada
Equitable Bank
Exchange Bank of Canada
First Nations Bank of Canada
HSBC Bank Canada
ICICI Bank Canada
Laurentian Bank of Canada
Manulife Bank of Canada
Meridian Bank
National Bank of Canada
Rogers Bank
Vancity Community Investment Bank
VersaBank
Wealth One Bank of Canada
















Credit unions








Credit unions




Affinity Credit Union
Aldergrove Credit Union
Alterna Savings
Assiniboine Credit Union
BlueShore Financial
Central 1 Credit Union
Coast Capital Savings
Concentra Financial
Conexus Credit Union
Credit Union Central of Canada
Desjardins Group
Envision Financial
First Calgary Financial
First West Credit Union
Gulf and Fraser Fishermen's Credit Union
Island Savings
Kawartha Credit Union
Kootenay Savings Credit Union
Libro Financial Group
Meridian Credit Union
Mouvement des caisses populaires acadiennes
Servus Credit Union
Steinbach Credit Union
TCU Financial Group
Vancity
Windsor Family Credit Union
Your Credit Union
Your Neighbourhood Credit Union






Credit union deposit insurance


Alberta * British Columbia * Manitoba * New Brunswick * Newfoundland and Labrador * Nova Scotia * Ontario * Prince Edward Island * Saskatchewan














Other financial institutions








Federal financial institutions


Farm Credit Canada




Provincial financial institutions




ATB Financial


















v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


S&P/TSX 60 companies of Canada (February 22, 2016)






Agnico Eagle Mines
Agrium
ARC Resources
Bank of Montreal
Barrick Gold
BCE Inc.
BlackBerry
Bombardier
Brookfield Asset Management
Cameco
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
Canadian National
Canadian Natural Resources
Canadian Pacific
Canadian Tire
CCL Industries
Cenovus Energy
CGI Group
Constellation Software
Couche-Tard
Crescent Point Energy
Dollarama
Emera
Enbridge
Encana
First Quantum Minerals
Franco-Nevada
Fortis Inc.
Gildan
Goldcorp
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Inter Pipeline
Kinross Gold
Loblaw Companies
Magna International
Manulife Financial
Metro
National Bank of Canada
Pembina Pipeline
PotashCorp
Power Corporation
Restaurant Brands International
Rogers Communications
Royal Bank of Canada
Saputo
Scotiabank
Shaw Communications
Silver Wheaton
SNC-Lavalin
Sun Life Financial
Suncor Energy
Teck
Telus
Thomson Reuters
Toronto-Dominion Bank
TransCanada
Valeant
Weston
Waste Connections










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Toronto-Dominion_Bank&oldid=791162812"					
Categories: S&P/TSX 60 IndexS&P/TSX Composite IndexToronto-Dominion BankCompanies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeBanks of CanadaCanadian brandsCompanies based in TorontoBanks established in 19551955 establishments in OntarioCompanies formerly listed on the London Stock ExchangeBusiness process outsourcingOutsourcingOutsourcing in IndiaCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeMortgage lenders of CanadaOutsourcing in CanadaCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Pages containing links to subscription-only contentPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing French-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesia日本語РусскийSuomiதமிழ்Українська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 14:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









TD Bank Financial Group - Corporate Information - Corporate Profile


















Skip to content








Français
简体中文
繁體中文




SearchContact Us





 About TDInvestor RelationsEconomicsCareersCorporate ResponsibilityTo Our Customers Our BusinessCorporate InformationCorporate GovernanceTD Newsroom




 Corporate ProfileChairman of the BoardExecutive ProfilesTD NewsroomTD's HistoryTD Art
 
 






 
Corporate Information


Corporate Profile






TD Bank Group
Headquartered in Toronto, Canada, with more than 80,000 employees in offices around the world, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries are collectively known as TD Bank Group (TD). TD offers a full range of financial products and services more than 25 million customers worldwide through three key business lines:

Canadian Retail including TD Canada Trust, Business Banking, TD Auto Finance (Canada), TD Wealth (Canada), TD Direct Investing and TD Insurance
U.S. Retail including TD Bank, America’s Most Convenient Bank, TD Auto Finance (U.S.), TD Wealth (U.S.) and TD’s investment in TD Ameritrade
Wholesale Banking including TD Securities

TD had CDN$1.3 trillion in assets on April 30, 2017. TD also ranks among the world’s leading online financial services firms, with approximately 11.5 million active online and mobile customers. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under the symbol "TD".
The Toronto-Dominion Bank is a chartered bank subject to the provisions of the Bank Act (Canada). It was formed on February 1, 1955 through the amalgamation of The Bank of Toronto, chartered in 1855, and The Dominion Bank, chartered in 1869.
Canadian Retail
TD Canada Trust
TD Canada Trust is TD Bank Group's customer-focused personal and small business banking business. Serving more than 13 million customers nationally, TD Canada Trust provides a full range of financial products and services through its retail branch network, mobile app, telephone, Internet banking, and ‘TD Green Machine’ automated banking machines.
Business Banking
Business Banking provides financial solutions to Canadian businesses of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Dedicated Business Banking Specialists deliver customized solutions to meet the unique needs of business customers. Drawing on a range of products and services including financing, deposit, investment, cash management, international trade and foreign exchange, our relationship teams provide the right tools and advice to help customers achieve their goals. Business Banking includes:

TD Auto Finance Canada
Small Business Banking
Mid-Market Commercial Banking
Specialized Commercial Banking that is comprised of:

Commercial National Accounts and Asset Based Lending
National Real Estate Group
Commercial Mortgage Group
TD Equipment Finance
Agriculture Services
Aboriginal Banking



MBNA
MBNA is a division of The Toronto-Dominion Bank. With the MBNA portfolio, TD is a leading provider of co-branded and affinity credit card programs in Canada. MBNA MasterCard credit cards are associated with hundreds of Canadian membership organizations, credit union and financial institutions, sports associations, educational institutions and charities.
TD Wealth and TD Asset Management
TD Wealth provides investors and financial advisors with a broad range of brokerage, mutual fund, banking and other consumer financial products on an integrated basis. TD Wealth consists of:

TD Direct Investing – provides clients access to information, tools and support that empower them to invest for themselves with confidence.
TD Wealth Financial Planning – allows clients to work with a professional Financial Planner to develop and implement a financial plan.
TD Wealth Private Wealth Management – provides discretionary wealth management, private banking and private trust services for high net worth clients.
TD Wealth Private Investment Advice – offers a full-service brokerage and connects clients with a professional Investment Advisor to design custom wealth strategies to meet their unique needs.

About TD Asset Management Inc.
TD Asset Management (TDAM), a member of TD Bank Group, is a North American investment management firm. Operating through TD Asset Management Inc. in Canada and TDAM USA Inc. in the U.S., TDAM brings new thinking to investors' most important challenges. TDAM offers investment solutions to corporations, pension funds, endowments, foundations and individual investors. Additionally, TDAM manages assets on behalf of almost 2 million retail investors and offers a broadly diversified suite of investment solutions including mutual funds, professionally managed portfolios and corporate class funds. Collectively, TDAM manages C$345 billion in assets as at March 31, 2017.


TD Insurance

TD Insurance is a part of TD Bank Group and provides these products:

Auto Insurance
Home Insurance
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Travel Medical Insurance
Credit Protection
Motorcycle and Recreational Vehicle Insurance
Business Credit Life Insurance

Government regulation prevents TD Bank Group from providing a link to the TD Insurance web page but you can visit www.tdinsurance.com.
U.S. Retail
TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank
TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 9 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at more than 1,200 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance.
TD Auto Finance (U.S.)
TD Auto Finance offers new and used vehicle financing through an extensive network of dealers across the United States.
TD Wealth (U.S.)
TD Wealth offers integrated, comprehensive and customized financial solutions to help high net worth individuals and institutions build, preserve and transition wealth. We provide expertise in Private Client services including Private Banking, Private Trust and Private Investment Counsel, and Institutional Trust services.
TD Ameritrade
TD Ameritrade, Inc., is a brokerage subsidiary of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (NYSE: AMTD). TD Ameritrade provides a full spectrum of services for individual U.S. investors including an active trader program, long-term investor solutions, a national branch system, as well as relationships with one of the largest networks of independent registered investment advisors. TD Ameritrade and TD Bank USA are affiliated via TD’s investment in TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation.
Wholesale Banking
TD Securities
As a leading corporate and investment bank, TD Securities provides a wide range of integrated capital market products and services to corporations, governments and institutions. Our clients choose us for our knowledge, innovation and experience in the following key areas of finance: investment, corporate and government banking, capital markets, interest rate, currency and derivative products.
Operating out of 12 offices in key financial centres, we provide superior advice and execution to clients around the world. Our services include the underwriting and distribution of new debt and equity issues, providing advice on strategic acquisitions and divestitures, and executing daily trading and investment needs.








Print this page
 



For more information



Recent press releases
Corporate Governance




 

 







Privacy and Security
Legal
Accessibility


Connect with TD: 






















TD Bank Group - Contact Us






















Skip to content








 Français
简体中文
繁體中文




SearchContact Us









				 
			


 About TDInvestor RelationsEconomicsCareersCorporate ResponsibilityTo Our Customers 








 












About TDBG 


Contact Us








 If you find that you need assistance, we encourage you to select one of the following areas to help us better provide support.


Options for Electronic Communications

Opt-out of receiving commercial electronic messages from TD




Prospective Suppliers


TD Bank Group

TD Newsroom
Investor Relations
TD Economics





Personal and Commercial Banking



TD Canada Trust
 
TD Commercial Banking


  


Locate a branch
TD Newsroom
Email a specific department
Phone a specific department


 
  


Locate a Commercial Banking Centre
TD Newsroom
Email a specific department






Wealth



TD Wealth and TD Direct Investing (within Canada)
 
TD Ameritrade


  


Find a location
TD Newsroom
Phone a specific department


 
  


Contact TD Ameritrade







Wholesale Banking

TD Securities

TD Newsroom
Locate a branch

U.S. Retail and Commercial Banking

TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank

Locate a store
TD Newsroom














Print this page














Privacy and Security
Legal
Accessibility


Connect with TD: 




























Locations - Find a TD Bank Near You























	Home Page





        JavaScript is required to operate this page.
    
























About Us
Locations
Customer Service
En Español





























































Find a TD Bank Near You








Oops! Please try entering a valid city, state or zip code again.
Find











Search stores...






Penny Arcade


                                                                     


                                                                        Penny Arcade coin counting machines are free for TD account holders only.






Drive-up
                                                                    service




Open
                                                                    Sundays







Foreign Currency




Open
                                                                    now












Search ATMs...




Walk-up
                                                                service




Drive-up
                                                                service






Envelope-free
                                                                deposits




Accepts
                                                                deposits
















Welcome to America's Most Convenient Bank.
You can bank with us at nearly 1,300 locations along the east coast. So whether you have an account in Maine or need to find an ATM in Florida, we're close by. How convenient is that?
Need to find us in Canada?* No problem. TD is there, too.












Search results
Your locations














JavaScript is disabled, no map is shown







Longest hours



                  You need us? We're here. We have the longest hours around** - we're open earlier and close later every day. That includes weekends and most holidays, too.
                







Visit, call or click


Can't visit us in person? No worries - you can still bank by phone, online or on your mobile device. 
                  
We're here 24/7 -   1-888-751-9000
Bank online anytime
Bank on the go on your mobile








Convenient for you


Make a deposit while enjoying a lollipop, then keep the pen when you're done. And grab a treat for your pup, because dogs are welcome, too. What else do we offer our customers?
                
Improved ATMs for easier banking
Free Penny Arcade® coin counting
Financial advice to get smart about money








            *By clicking on this link you are leaving our website and entering a third-party website over which we have no control. Neither TD Bank US Holding Company, nor its subsidiaries or affiliates, is responsible for the content of third party sites hyper-linked from this page, nor do they guarantee or endorse the information, recommendations, products or services offered on third party sites. Third party sites may have different Privacy and Security policies than TD Bank US Holding Company. You should review the Privacy and Security policies of any third party website before you provide personal or confidential information.
        






**Data as of August 2016. Comparison of longest average store hours in the regions (MSAs) in which TD Bank operates compared to major banks. Major banks include our top 20 national competitors by MSA, our top five competitors in store share by MSA and any bank with greater or equal store share than TD Bank in the MSA. Major banks do not include banks that operate in retail stores such as grocery stores, or banks that do not fall in an MSA.
Foreign Exchange (FX) products and services are provided by TD Bank, N.A. and its affiliates, including The Toronto-Dominion Bank and TD Securities (USA) LLC.




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














TD CanadaTrust - Products & Services - Banking - Loans & Credit



























 Skip to main content 












About TD
TD Home




Apply



English

Close details



Français
简体中文
繁體中文










 RegisterView Details


Close details



EasyWeb Online Banking


About Online BankingView Details



												Video Tour
												

												EasyWeb Video Tour
												



RegisterView Details



WebBroker Online Investing


About Online InvestingView Details



												Video Tour
												

													WebBroker Video Tour
												





Close details






EasyWeb
WebBroker
U.S. Banking

Login





Enter term and click to search 























































Loans and Lines of Credit › Loans and Credit

                            
                        
Loans and Credit










Frequently Asked Questions
Applying for credit

How can I apply for credit at TD Canada Trust?
What information will I need to provide when I apply for credit?
What can I do if my application for credit is turned down?
What is a co-signor? Who can co-sign a Line of Credit or Personal Loan?
What is collateral security, and why would I use it?

Your credit rating

I've heard people talk about the importance of having a good credit rating. How does that affect me?
Where can I obtain a copy of my credit bureau report?

Line of Credit

What is the difference between a line of credit and a personal loan?
Are there different types of lines of credit?
What is a Home Equity Line of Credit?
If I sell my home, can I take this Home Equity Line of Credit with me, or do I have to reapply?
Can I purchase a home with a TD Canada Trust Home Equity Line of Credit?
How do I access a TD Canada Trust Line of Credit?
How is interest calculated on my Line of Credit?
What happens if interest rates rise? Can I lock in the rate on my Line of Credit?
What is the monthly minimum payment I am required to make?
Is there a limit on how much I can prepay on my Line of Credit?
What are the payment options?
What are the costs associated with getting a Line of Credit?
Is life insurance available on a Personal Loan or Line of Credit?

Personal Loans

Are there different types of Personal Loans?
How is the interest calculated on my Personal Loan?
How are the payments structured on my Personal Loan?
Can I pay off my Personal Loan early? Are there charges I need to watch out for?



How can I apply for credit at TD Canada Trust?

There are three ways to apply for credit at TD Canada Trust:

In person at your nearest TD Canada Trust branch
On the phone by calling 1-877-247-2265
Online 24 hours a day, seven days a week! *

* We are not able to process Applications from Quebec Residents online for the following Personal Credit Products: Loans (including RSP) and Lines of Credit.
* We are not able to process Joint Applications online for the following Personal Credit Products: Loans (including RSP) and Lines of Credit.
Top


What information will I need to provide when I apply for credit?

In order to process your application quickly, you may be asked to provide --

The purpose for your application, such as home renovations or a new car purchase
Personal details such as your name, address, birth date and Social Insurance Number (SIN optional)
Employment and income details
Details about a co-signor, if applicable
Your assets, such as a car, bank accounts, investments, houses, etc.
Your liabilities, including any loans, credit card balances, mortgages, etc., and the total of your monthly payments

Also, you will need to provide the following additional documents if you are using your home as security --

Property tax confirmation
A copy of your fire insurance policy
A property appraisal (completed by TD Canada Trust)
Your title registration



Top


What can I do if my application for credit is turned down?

If your request for credit has been turned down, you may still qualify for credit. To improve your chances of qualifying, you can --

Provide collateral security and/or
Have a co-signor guarantee your personal loan or line of credit



Top


What is a co-signor? Who can co-sign a line of credit or personal loan?

A co-signor is a person who becomes equally responsible for repaying a credit balance with you. Anyone of the age of majority in their province of residence can co-sign with you.


Top


What is collateral security and why would I use it?

Collateral is something you own that you can pledge as security for a loan or a line of credit. Examples of collateral would be the equity in your home, a new vehicle, etc. Since collateral provides extra security for your credit request, it's a great way to lower your interest rate and save on the amount of interest you pay.


Top


I've heard people talk about the importance of having a good credit rating. How does that affect me?

A good credit rating means that you have repaid past credit balances and continue to pay current credit balances in a timely manner. You should be able to maintain your good credit rating by making your credit balance payments on time and in full.


Top


Where can I obtain a copy of my credit bureau report?

You can obtain a copy of your credit history by contacting:
Equifax Canada 1-800-465-7166

consumer.relations@equifax.com


Trans-Union Canada

1-877-713-3393 (Quebec only)

1-800-663-9980 (All other provinces)

marketing@tuc.ca

Top





What is the difference between a line of credit and a personal loan?

A line of credit is a source of readily available credit that is there for you to use whenever you want, for whatever you want. There is no need to reapply each time you wish to access the funds. As you pay off any credit that you have used, it becomes available again.
A personal loan is a source of credit for a fixed amount that allows you to make fixed monthly payments over a predetermined period of time. You can choose from a wide range of terms to make the payments fit your budget -- the longer the term, the lower your monthly payment.


Top


Are there different types of Lines of Credit?

There are two main types of Lines of Credit offered at TD Canada Trust -- unsecured and home equity secured.


Top


What is a Home Equity Line of Credit?

A Home Equity Line of Credit from TD Canada Trust is a revolving Line of Credit that is fully secured by the equity in your home. You can access your available credit anytime without having to re-apply and you can make monthly payments of as little as interest only.


Top


If I sell my home, can I take this Home Equity Line of Credit with me, or do I have to reapply?

If you sell your property, you must reapply and reregister a new secured Home Equity Line of Credit on the new property. You may be able to carry any existing portions of the current Home Equity Line of Credit that you have locked in to a fixed rate to the new Home Equity Line of Credit.


Top


Can I purchase a home with a TD Canada Trust Home Equity Line of Credit?

Yes. A Home Equity Line of Credit is available both for a home purchase and as a source of credit for other purposes. For a purchase, you require a 20% down payment and you can put the balance on your Home Equity Line of Credit. If your down payment is more than 20%, you could put the balance on your Line of Credit and have additional credit available to you.


Top


How do I access a TD Canada Trust Line of Credit?

You can access your available credit in the following ways --

Write a Line of Credit cheque
Make cash withdrawals at TD Canada Trust branches
Add your Line of Credit to your TD Canada Trust Access Card and use it at merchants and automated banking machines (ABMs) worldwide
Transfer funds from your Line of Credit using EasyLine telephone banking or EasyWeb Internet banking



Top


How is interest calculated on my Line of Credit

For the revolving portion of your Line of Credit, interest is calculated on a daily basis on the outstanding principal balance and payable on a monthly basis.
Should you choose to lock in all or a portion of your balance with our Fixed Rate Advantage Option, interest on a secured Line of Credit is calculated on a semi-annual compounding basis on the outstanding balance of the fixed portion daily from the date of the last payment, and is collected in the regular payment. Interest on the locked-in portion of an Personal Line of Credit is calculated on a daily basis on the outstanding principal balance and payable on a monthly basis.


Top


What happens if interest rates rise? Can I lock in the rate on my Line of Credit?

If interest rates start to rise, it's easy to use the Fixed Rate Advantage Option at any time to lock in all or a portion (subject to minimums) of your balance at a fixed interest rate with fixed payments.
Depending on which Line of Credit you qualify for, you have the option of converting a portion of your balance to one- to five-year closed mortgage rates (for home equity secured Lines of Credit) or to competitive loan interest rates (for Personal Lines of Credit).


Top


What is the monthly minimum payment I am required to make?

You can decide how much you want to pay each month toward your outstanding balance. Choose as little as 1% or $50, whichever is greater, or any amount up to the entire balance. When secured with the equity in your home, your payment can be interest only.
If you would like to establish fixed monthly payments to help you plan your budget, you can choose the Fixed Rate Advantage Option with regular monthly payments at any time.


Top


Is there a limit on how much I can prepay on my Line of Credit?

You can pay off the revolving portion of your Line of Credit any time you like.
If you have a Home Equity Fixed Rate Advantage Option, you may prepay up to 15% of the original principal amount each calendar year without charge, at any time. Any unused portion of the 15% cannot be carried over to the following year. Principal repayments in full or in part that exceed the 15% allowance are subject to an additional payment of the greater of three months' interest or an Interest Rate Differential (IRD) amount. You can also increase the payment amount by up to 100% over the term.


Top


What are the payment options?

Payments are required on a monthly basis. However, you can set up weekly, rapid weekly, biweekly, rapid biweekly and semi-monthly payments on the fixed-rate portion of your Line of Credit at any time during the term.


Top


What are the costs associated with getting a Line of Credit?

There are no application or annual fees associated with any of our Lines of Credit. However, for Home Equity Lines of Credit there may be fees to register the property as security and/or appraisal fees, which are the responsibility of the customer. These fees differ in each province.


Top


Is life insurance available on a Personal Loan or Line of Credit?

Yes. Life insurance is available for both TD Canada Trust Personal Loans and Lines of Credit. Loan Life and Disability Insurance offer flexible protection for your loan obligations at an affordable price. For added security, you can obtain both life and disability insurance on loans up to $250,000.
Line of Credit Life Insurance provides extra financial protection for pennies a day. Line of Credit Life Insurance can help your family and estate by paying the outstanding balance on your TD Canada Trust Line of Credit. You only pay for the amount of insurance you need, based on your average daily TD Canada Trust Line of Credit balance. If there's no balance, there's no charge.




Total Amount of Line of Credit Life Insurance is less than or equal to $50,000
Total Amount of Line of Credit Life Insurance exceeds $50,000


Application is completed within 30 days of opening the account or increasing the credit limit
You do not need to answer the health questions.
All applicants must answer the health questions.


Application is completed more than 30 days after opening the account or increasing the credit limit
All applicants must answer the health questions.
All applicants must answer the health questions.





Top




Are there different types of Personal Loans?

There are two main types of Personal Loan offered at TD Canada Trust: fixed interest rate and variable interest rate.
Fixed Rate Loan - If you prefer to budget around regular monthly payments, a loan with a fixed interest rate is worth considering. You can choose a fixed rate of interest (one- to five-year term) and have the security of knowing exactly how much you're paying each month.
Variable Rate Loan - This is a personal loan with a set monthly payment but a fluctuating interest rate for the entire term of the loan. If you want to benefit from those times when interest rates are low, consider a loan with a variable interest rate option. If rates go down, you can pay off your loan faster.


Top


How is the interest calculated on my Personal Loan?

Interest is calculated daily on the outstanding principal balance and payable on a monthly basis


Top


How are the payments structured on my Personal Loan?

Each payment consists of a portion of interest and a portion of principal. The proportion of interest is higher in the first payment, and it is reduced as the principal is repaid.


Top


Can I pay off my Personal Loan early? Are there charges I need to watch out for?

You can pay off your Personal Loan any time you like with no early repayment penalties (Does not apply to real estate secured loans.)


Top

















Lines of Credit 

Personal Line of Credit
Home equity line of credit
Student Line of Credit 
Investment Secured Line of Credit



Loans

Personal Loan
Auto Loan
RSP Loan




Tools & Resources

FAQs
Debt Consolidation Calculator
Auto Loan Calculator
Cash Flow Worksheet
Net Worth Statement
What’s Involved in Getting Credit
Credit Protection



Need Help?

Ask Us
Contact us
Book an Appointment


TD Helps Community






























TD Bank Financial Group - Corporate Information - Corporate Profile


















Skip to content








Français
简体中文
繁體中文




SearchContact Us





 About TDInvestor RelationsEconomicsCareersCorporate ResponsibilityTo Our Customers Our BusinessCorporate InformationCorporate GovernanceTD Newsroom




 Corporate ProfileChairman of the BoardExecutive ProfilesTD NewsroomTD's HistoryTD Art
 
 






 
Corporate Information


Corporate Profile






TD Bank Group
Headquartered in Toronto, Canada, with more than 80,000 employees in offices around the world, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries are collectively known as TD Bank Group (TD). TD offers a full range of financial products and services more than 25 million customers worldwide through three key business lines:

Canadian Retail including TD Canada Trust, Business Banking, TD Auto Finance (Canada), TD Wealth (Canada), TD Direct Investing and TD Insurance
U.S. Retail including TD Bank, America’s Most Convenient Bank, TD Auto Finance (U.S.), TD Wealth (U.S.) and TD’s investment in TD Ameritrade
Wholesale Banking including TD Securities

TD had CDN$1.3 trillion in assets on April 30, 2017. TD also ranks among the world’s leading online financial services firms, with approximately 11.5 million active online and mobile customers. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under the symbol "TD".
The Toronto-Dominion Bank is a chartered bank subject to the provisions of the Bank Act (Canada). It was formed on February 1, 1955 through the amalgamation of The Bank of Toronto, chartered in 1855, and The Dominion Bank, chartered in 1869.
Canadian Retail
TD Canada Trust
TD Canada Trust is TD Bank Group's customer-focused personal and small business banking business. Serving more than 13 million customers nationally, TD Canada Trust provides a full range of financial products and services through its retail branch network, mobile app, telephone, Internet banking, and ‘TD Green Machine’ automated banking machines.
Business Banking
Business Banking provides financial solutions to Canadian businesses of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Dedicated Business Banking Specialists deliver customized solutions to meet the unique needs of business customers. Drawing on a range of products and services including financing, deposit, investment, cash management, international trade and foreign exchange, our relationship teams provide the right tools and advice to help customers achieve their goals. Business Banking includes:

TD Auto Finance Canada
Small Business Banking
Mid-Market Commercial Banking
Specialized Commercial Banking that is comprised of:

Commercial National Accounts and Asset Based Lending
National Real Estate Group
Commercial Mortgage Group
TD Equipment Finance
Agriculture Services
Aboriginal Banking



MBNA
MBNA is a division of The Toronto-Dominion Bank. With the MBNA portfolio, TD is a leading provider of co-branded and affinity credit card programs in Canada. MBNA MasterCard credit cards are associated with hundreds of Canadian membership organizations, credit union and financial institutions, sports associations, educational institutions and charities.
TD Wealth and TD Asset Management
TD Wealth provides investors and financial advisors with a broad range of brokerage, mutual fund, banking and other consumer financial products on an integrated basis. TD Wealth consists of:

TD Direct Investing – provides clients access to information, tools and support that empower them to invest for themselves with confidence.
TD Wealth Financial Planning – allows clients to work with a professional Financial Planner to develop and implement a financial plan.
TD Wealth Private Wealth Management – provides discretionary wealth management, private banking and private trust services for high net worth clients.
TD Wealth Private Investment Advice – offers a full-service brokerage and connects clients with a professional Investment Advisor to design custom wealth strategies to meet their unique needs.

About TD Asset Management Inc.
TD Asset Management (TDAM), a member of TD Bank Group, is a North American investment management firm. Operating through TD Asset Management Inc. in Canada and TDAM USA Inc. in the U.S., TDAM brings new thinking to investors' most important challenges. TDAM offers investment solutions to corporations, pension funds, endowments, foundations and individual investors. Additionally, TDAM manages assets on behalf of almost 2 million retail investors and offers a broadly diversified suite of investment solutions including mutual funds, professionally managed portfolios and corporate class funds. Collectively, TDAM manages C$345 billion in assets as at March 31, 2017.


TD Insurance

TD Insurance is a part of TD Bank Group and provides these products:

Auto Insurance
Home Insurance
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Travel Medical Insurance
Credit Protection
Motorcycle and Recreational Vehicle Insurance
Business Credit Life Insurance

Government regulation prevents TD Bank Group from providing a link to the TD Insurance web page but you can visit www.tdinsurance.com.
U.S. Retail
TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank
TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 9 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at more than 1,200 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance.
TD Auto Finance (U.S.)
TD Auto Finance offers new and used vehicle financing through an extensive network of dealers across the United States.
TD Wealth (U.S.)
TD Wealth offers integrated, comprehensive and customized financial solutions to help high net worth individuals and institutions build, preserve and transition wealth. We provide expertise in Private Client services including Private Banking, Private Trust and Private Investment Counsel, and Institutional Trust services.
TD Ameritrade
TD Ameritrade, Inc., is a brokerage subsidiary of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (NYSE: AMTD). TD Ameritrade provides a full spectrum of services for individual U.S. investors including an active trader program, long-term investor solutions, a national branch system, as well as relationships with one of the largest networks of independent registered investment advisors. TD Ameritrade and TD Bank USA are affiliated via TD’s investment in TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation.
Wholesale Banking
TD Securities
As a leading corporate and investment bank, TD Securities provides a wide range of integrated capital market products and services to corporations, governments and institutions. Our clients choose us for our knowledge, innovation and experience in the following key areas of finance: investment, corporate and government banking, capital markets, interest rate, currency and derivative products.
Operating out of 12 offices in key financial centres, we provide superior advice and execution to clients around the world. Our services include the underwriting and distribution of new debt and equity issues, providing advice on strategic acquisitions and divestitures, and executing daily trading and investment needs.








Print this page
 



For more information



Recent press releases
Corporate Governance




 

 







Privacy and Security
Legal
Accessibility


Connect with TD: 





















Wells Fargo | Deposits






















We are committed to serving you and your financial needs
Wells Fargo helps you bank with ease—open a checking account online and bank wherever you are.







Everyday Checking
Most popular checking account for your banking needs. Great for students too!




• Easily manage your money with account alerts, mobile deposits, and payments & more
• Enjoy built-in security features at no extra cost with Zero Liability protection1 plus 24/7 fraud monitoring on your accounts
• Convenient access to 6,000 branches and 13,000 ATMs across the U.S.


						Minimum Deposit: $25Monthly Service Fee: $10 or can be avoided when requirements are met




						Open Online
					




					Avoid the $10 monthly service fee on your Wells Fargo Everyday Checking account with one of the following each fee period:
				

					• 10 or more posted debit card purchases/payments. This includes posted debit card purchases or posted debit card payments of bills from this checking account. This does not include transactions at an ATM or ACH transactions2 OR• Qualifying total direct deposits of $500 or more, OR• $1,500 minimum daily balance, OR• A linked Wells Fargo Campus ATM or Campus Debit Card.
				

Disclosures
Click here to view all our checking accounts
						Up arrow within a squareAsset 3



Portfolio by Wells Fargo®
A relationship-based checking program that offers great discounts, preferred services and more.




• Bonus interest rates on select savings accounts when linked to Portfolio by Wells Fargo4
• Discounted interest rates on qualifying personal, auto & home equity loans, and lines of credit5
• Dedicated, personalized support from the Premier Banking TeamSM 24/7 


						Minimum Deposit: $25Monthly Service Fee: $30 or can be avoided when requirements are met 6




						Learn More
					




					Avoid the $30 monthly service fee with one of the following statement ending balances:
				

					• $25,000 or more in qualifying linked bank deposit accounts (checking, savings, CDs, FDIC-insured IRAs), OR• $50,000 or more in any combination of qualifying linked banking, brokerage (available through our brokerage affiliate, Wells Fargo Advisors), and credit balances (including 10% of mortgage balance, certain mortgages not eligible).
				

Disclosures



Wells Fargo Banking Benefits



Account Alerts



Mobile® Banking



24/7 Fraud Monitoring











Mobile Deposits



Instant Issue Debit Card









Everyday Checking
Portfolio by Wells Fargo®


Monthly service fee
$10or can be avoided when one of the following requirements is met:10 or more posted debit card purchases/payments2 ORQualifying total direct deposits of $5003 ORA $1,500 minimum daily balance ORA linked to a Wells Fargo Campus ATM or Campus Debit CardNOTE: $5 discount when the primary owner is 17-24 years old
$30or can be avoided when one of the following requirements is met: $25,000 or more in qualifying linked bank deposit accounts (checking, savings, CDs, FDIC-insured IRAs), OR$50,000 or more in any combination of qualifying linked banking, brokerage (available through our brokerage affiliate, Wells Fargo Advisors), and credit balances (including 10% of mortgage balance, certain mortgages not eligible).


Portfolio by Wells Fargo®
						




$30 monthly service fee
or can be avoided when one of the following requirements is met:$25,000 or more in qualifying linked bank deposit accounts (checking, savings, CDs, FDIC-insured IRAs), OR $50,000 or more in any combination of qualifying linked banking, brokerage (available through our brokerage affiliate, Wells Fargo Advisors), and credit balances (including 10% of mortgage balance, certain mortgages not eligible).





Everyday Checking
						




$10 monthly service fee
or can be avoided when one of the following requirements is met:10 or more posted debit card purchases/payments2 OR Qualifying total direct deposits of $5003 OR A $1,500 minimum daily balance OR A linked to a Wells Fargo Campus ATM or Campus Debit CardNOTE: $5 discount when the primary owner is 17-24 years old





Minimum opening deposit
$25
$25


Access to  13,000 ATMs and approximately 6,000 branches




Debit card with chip technology




Optional Overdraft Services7




Online financial tracking and budgeting tools




Interest-earning checking account




Premium relationship benefits




Bonus rates on linked savings accounts4




Waived Wells Fargo ATM access fee at non-Wells Fargo ATMs8,9




Monthly combined statement




Check discounts10


- Free cashier's check- Free personal checks- Free money orders






Show Account Details
Hide Account Details
Arrow pointing down








						Find a Branch
						Up arrow within a squareAsset 3




						Explore Small Business Checking options
						Up arrow within a squareAsset 3




				1. Please see your applicable Wells Fargo account agreement and card terms and conditions for information on liability for unauthorized transactions. 2. 10 or more purchases/payments with your Wells Fargo Debit Card each fee period required to avoid the $10 Everyday Checking account monthly service fee. - Included: Debit card purchases include PIN, signature, online and phone purchases that post during the fee period. Debit card payments include one-time and recurring payments of bills made with your debit card that post during the fee period. - Not Included: Any transaction at an ATM (Wells Fargo or non-Wells Fargo) and ACH (Automated Clearing House) transactions. Debit card purchases and debit card payments must post during the fee period to be counted toward the total of 10 or more. The dates of your fee period are located in the “Monthly service fee summary” section of your statement. Transactions received after the applicable cut-off time or on a non-business day (Saturday, Sunday and federal holidays) are posted on the next business day. 3. A qualifying direct deposit is a direct deposit of your salary, pension, Social Security, or other regular monthly income electronically deposited to this checking account by your employer or an outside agency. Transfers from one account to another, or deposits made at a banking location or ATM, do not qualify as a direct deposit. 4. If the Portfolio by Wells Fargo program is terminated, the bonus interest rate on all eligible savings accounts, and discounts or fee waivers on other products and services will discontinue and revert to the Bank's then- current applicable rate or fee.  For bonus interest rates on time accounts, this change will occur upon renewal. If the Portfolio by Wells Fargo program is terminated, the remaining unlinked Wells Fargo Portfolio Checking or Wells Fargo Prime Checking account will be converted to another checking product or closed. 5.  Subject to credit qualification. To qualify for a customer relationship discount, you may be required to maintain a qualifying Wells Fargo consumer checking account and make automatic payments from a Wells Fargo deposit account—if automatic payments are required but not selected, or are canceled for any reason at any time after account opening, the interest rate and the corresponding monthly payment may increase. To learn which accounts qualify for the discount, please consult a Wells Fargo banker. 6. The Portfolio by Wells Fargo program has a $30 monthly service fee, which can be avoided when you have one of the following Portfolio by Wells Fargo qualifying balances: $25,000 or more in qualifying linked bank deposits (checking, savings, time accounts (CDs), FDIC insured IRAs), OR $50,000 or more in qualifying linked bank, brokerage (available through our brokerage affiliate Wells Fargo Advisors®) and credit balances (including 10% of mortgage balances, certain mortgages not eligible). 7. Subject to applicable transfer or advance fees. 8. Benefits apply only to the primary Wells Fargo Portfolio Checking account within the Portfolio by Wells Fargo. 9. Surcharge fees imposed by non-Wells Fargo ATM owners or operators may apply. For the Portfolio by Wells Fargo program, Wells Fargo will waive its own ATM access fee (U.S. and international) when you withdraw cash from a non-Wells Fargo ATM from your primary checking account within the Portfolio by Wells Fargo program. Where Portfolio by Wells Fargo qualifying balances are $250,000 or more, you will be reimbursed for all surcharge fees on non-Wells Fargo ATM withdrawals located in the U.S., and receive reimbursement for up to 5 surcharge fees imposed by non-Wells Fargo ATM owners or operators per monthly fee period if you use a non-Wells Fargo ATM to make a cash withdrawal at an ATM located outside of the U.S. 10. No fee for Wells Fargo personal checks — except desk checks or home office style (3-on-a-page). Check discounts apply only to the primary Wells Fargo Portfolio Checking account.
			





A phone handset
			Talk to a Banker
		












TD Bank Group - Investor Relations - IR Homepage      



























 Skip to main content 


















##NOPAGETITLE##



















Français







Search
Contact Us









About TD
You are in this section:Investor Relations
Economics
Careers
Corporate Responsibility
To Our Customers






Corporate Overview




Financial Reports




Annual Reports




Presentation and Events




Annual Meetings




Share Information




Debt Information




Regulatory Disclosures




Regulatory Filings










Investor Relations













Q2 2017 Conference Call








Materials Now Available





Learn more








IR News Release Email Alert


Sign up for alerts


















Financial Reports


Access our latest quarterly results and archived financial documents to learn about TD's financial performance





Annual Reports


Access our current and past annual reports to learn about TD's progress building The Better Bank



Latest News


Jul 18, 2017TD Bank Group to Issue NVCC Subordinated DebenturesJul 18, 2017TD Bank Group Comments on Expected Impact of TD Ameritrade Holding Corp.'s Third Quarter EarningsJul 12, 2017TD Canada Trust announces change to prime lending rateJul 05, 2017TD Bank Group Announces Exercise of Underwriters' Option on NVCC Preferred Share IssueJul 05, 2017TD Bank Group to Issue NVCC Preferred Shares

View all IR News







Equity Investor Overview


Access our Investor Presentation to learn about TD's key businesses and strategies





Fixed Income Overview


Access our Fixed Income Presentation to learn about TD's treasury and balance sheet management strategy




Presentations and Events

CURRENT AND UPCOMING
May 25, 2017, 3:00 p.m. ET

Q2 2017 Financial Results


View all Current and Upcoming Events


RECENT
March 30, 2017, 1:00 p.m. ET

National Bank Financial Services Conference


View all Recent Events









Award Winning


Learn more about TD's award winning investor relations program






 

Highlights


Quarterly Results
Q2 2017 Quick Facts
Q2 2017 Investor Presentation
Q2 2017 Investor Presentation – Fixed Income

2016 Annual Report


Tools and Resources


Share Price and Tools
Acquisition History
Search
FAQ
News Alerts


Quick Links


Corporate Profile
News Releases
Debt Information
Credit Ratings
Corporate Governance
Corporate Responsibility
TD Ameritrade Investor Relations
Media Room


For more information


Contact Investor Relations

























Personal Banking Solutions: Personal Checking & Savings Accounts | TD Bank






















 






 Skip to main content 
















About Us
Locations
Customer Service
En Español

























 




Personal Banking






				   
										

Online Banking
   Log in






What can we help you with today?






Accounts



Checking
Savings and Money Market
CDs
IRAs










Cards



Credit Cards
Debit Cards
Prepaid Cards










Lending



Personal Loans
Home Equity
Mortgages











24/7 Banking



Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Bill Pay
Online Statements
Apple Pay
Android Pay 










International



Cross Border Banking
Foreign Exchange Services










Tools



Finance 101
Financial Tips and Tools
Tax Resource Center
Checking Selector
Home Equity Calculator


















Get help now online.



Expand
Top FAQs











Ask now!


























 



Mobile Banking Services - Online Mobile Banking - Wells Fargo














 




Skip to content










Sign On

Customer Service


ATMs/Locations

Español


Search

Use up and down arrows to navigate suggestions.
















We're sorry, but some features of our site require JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript on your browser and refresh the page. Learn More



Banking



Accounts and Services


Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts and CDs
Debit and Prepaid Cards
Credit Cards
Foreign Exchange
Global Remittance Services



 

Online Banking
Online Bill Pay
Transfers
Online Statements
Mobile Banking
Identity Theft Protection





Your Financial Goals


Tax Center
Banking Made Easy
Protect What Counts
Planning for Retirement
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Mortgage Rates
Routing Number
Overdraft Services
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Open a Checking Account
Apply for an Account or Service





Loans and Credit



Accounts and Services


Mortgage Loans
Home Equity Lines
Personal Lines and Loans



 

Student Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards





Your Financial Goals


Home Lending
Going to College
Borrowing and Credit
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Mortgage Rates
Home Equity Rates
Auto Loan Rates
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Finish Application/Check Status
Student Loan Discounts





Insurance



Products and Services


Insurance Overview
Auto Insurance
Specialty Vehicle Insurance



 

Homeowners Insurance
Umbrella Liability Insurance





Your Financial Goals


Protect What Counts
Borrowing and Credit
Planning for Retirement
Home Lending




Popular Links


Small Business Insurance
Commercial Insurance




Investing and Retirement



Ways to Invest


Invest Online
Invest With Guidance
Invest in Mutual Funds
Compare Ways to Invest




Investing Solutions


IRAs
Investment Services
Rollovers (401k and IRA)
Investing for Education





Your Financial Goals


Strategy and Research
Planning for Retirement
Income in Retirement
Investing Basics




Popular Links


Contact a Financial Advisor
Open an IRA
Open a WellsTrade® Account
Compare IRAs
My Retirement Plan
Employer Plan 401(k) Sign On





Wealth Management



Wealth Services


The Private Bank
Wells Fargo Advisors
Abbot Downing
All Wealth Management Services




Wealth Solutions


Wealth Planning
Private Banking
Investment Management
Specialized Wealth Services
Trust Services





Wealth Advice & Guidance


Strategy and Research
Wealth Management Insights
Conversations Magazine




Next Step


Contact The Private Bank
Contact Wells Fargo Advisors
Contact Abbot Downing




Rewards and Benefits



Go Far™ Rewards


Explore Rewards
Earn Rewards
Use Rewards
Share Rewards




Relationship Program


Customer Relationship Overview





Your Financial Goals


Banking Made Easy
Borrowing and Credit
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Sign On to Go Far Rewards
Go Far Rewards FAQs
Credit Cards





Navegó a una página que no está disponible en español en este momento. Seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en español.
Página principal



Mobile Banking





 
								 
									
								
									Print
								
							
						 





   We've got an app for you. Go to wellsfargo.com to download our free apps for your iPhone®, Android, Windows Phone, or tablet.  










Text Banking
Quickly receive account information by text message – no sign-in necessary. Use the links below to learn more about what you can do with text banking and get a list of text banking commands.
View more text banking features


Mobile Website
Our mobile website lets you access your accounts and make transactions from your phone’s browser, optimized for mobile use. Learn more about the features with Wells Fargo Mobile by using the link below.
Learn more about Wells Fargo Mobile


Apps
Our smartphone and tablet apps give you fast access to your accounts, using your device’s built-in functions. You can pay bills, deposit checks, access our ATMs without your ATM or Debit card and make use of a variety of other features. Visit your device’s app store and search for Wells Fargo.
Read more about app features




 Compare 
		
            Want more info? View a comparison chart 



Secure mobile services
			We take your privacy and security very seriously. Read about why Wells Fargo Mobile services are secure. Learn more 





Availability may be affected by your mobile device’s coverage area. Mobile deposit not available on all platforms. Mobile Deposit is supported on iPhone® and iPad®, Android mobile devices and Windows Phones. Please refer to Supported Browser for mobile OS details.
 Availability may be affected by your mobile device’s coverage area. Mobile deposit not available on all platforms. Mobile Deposit is supported on iPhone® and iPad® running iOS 8.0+, Android mobile devices running OS 4.4+ and Windows Phone 10. Your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply.  Some transactions may not appear immediately in your account or be reflected in the available balance.  Online Access Agreement  Deposit products offered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. 




 Mobile Bill Pay Forgot to make a payment? Do it from your mobile device. Learn how   Still have questions?  Call Us    1-800-869-3557  24 hours a day, 7 days a week     Find a Location  Find an ATM or banking location near you.ZIP code   Was this content helpful?How was your experience with this page?Select oneIt answered all of my questions.It answered some of my questions.It didn't answer any of my questions.I experienced technical issues.Share your comments about this page:Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box. We cannot address customer service questions here. Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box. We cannot address customer service questions here. SubmitCloseThank YouWe appreciate your feedback.We are unable to contact you about your comments. For specific account-related questions or comments, please visit Customer Service.Close



 Common commands:  BAL ALL – Balance information ACT – Recent account activity TRA – Transfer funds DUE – View credit card due-dates ATM + your ZIP code – see nearby ATMs  With Wells Fargo Mobile you can:  Pay bills Transfer funds Send money to other Wells Fargo customers View account activity View your rewards balance Find ATMs and locations  With Wells Fargo apps you can:  Deposit checks (on iPhone, iPad, Android Smartphone and Tablets, and Windows Phone devices) Pay bills Transfer funds Get balances without signing on Receive Push Notifications Get directions to the nearest ATM/location Access our ATMs without your ATM or Debit card   


















Personal Banking Solutions: Personal Checking & Savings Accounts | TD Bank






















 






 Skip to main content 
















About Us
Locations
Customer Service
En Español

























 




Personal Banking






				   
										

Online Banking
   Log in






What can we help you with today?






Accounts



Checking
Savings and Money Market
CDs
IRAs










Cards



Credit Cards
Debit Cards
Prepaid Cards










Lending



Personal Loans
Home Equity
Mortgages











24/7 Banking



Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Bill Pay
Online Statements
Apple Pay
Android Pay 










International



Cross Border Banking
Foreign Exchange Services










Tools



Finance 101
Financial Tips and Tools
Tax Resource Center
Checking Selector
Home Equity Calculator


















Get help now online.



Expand
Top FAQs











Ask now!




























ATM and Bank Locations - Find Wells Fargo Bank and ATM Locations























Sign On


Customer Service


ATMs/Locations


Español



Search

Use up and down arrows to navigate suggestions.











 You have an older version of Internet Explorer that won't allow you to use all the features in our Locator tool.


Print

Beginning of main content
ATM and Banking Locations




 Find a Wells Fargo location
Enter an address, landmark, ZIP code, or city and state











Filter by


Narrow Your Search



Bank Only



Bank Within a Location






Open Saturday





Bank Drive Up



ATM Drive Up



24-Hour ATM



Safe Deposit Boxes





Make an Appointment 



Notary Service






Foreign Currency Exchange



ATM Sells Stamps





 Card-Free access 
Use your mobile phone to access your accounts at any one of our 13,000 ATMs. Please note that some locations may require use of your card to access the ATM.







You can select a state to find an ATM or banking location near you
Wells Fargo offers 13,000 ATMs and more than 6,000 retail banking branches coast to coast


































































 




 







Popular Cities






All cities Show all cities



A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z










 























  







Questions about banking, mortgage, and investment services?

				Call 1-800-869-3557, 24 hours a day - 7 days a week
				Small business customers 1-800-225-5935
				24 hours a day - 7 days a week
			




  





Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC and  Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC, Members SIPC, separate registered broker-dealers and non-bank affiliates of  Wells Fargo & Company.Deposit and credit products offered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC.
	
Equal Housing Lender



 


Bank Within a Location

		A Bank located in a grocery store. These locations have ATMs, teller services, and a private office for customer meetings.
	


Make an appointment

		These locations allow you to schedule an appointment to meet with a Wells Fargo banker at a time that works for you.
	


Notary Service

		Banking locations with a notary service available. Please call the location in advance to meet with a notary.
	


ATM Deposit Cutoff

		Checks deposited at Envelope-FreeSM ATMs before 9:00 pm weekdays are considered received that same day. Checks deposited after 9:00 pm weekdays or on bank holidays are considered received the next business day. Cash deposits are available for use immediately.
	


ATM Deposit Cutoff 

		Checks deposited at Envelope-FreeSM ATMs before 8:00 pm weekdays are considered received that same day. Checks deposited after 8:00 pm weekdays or on bank holidays are considered received the next business day. Cash deposits are available for use immediately. 
	












































	TD Bank Home Equity Application







 Skip to main content 









Secure     















Home Equity Application


Expand What to expect



Your application will be reviewed, and if you have met our home equity lending requirements a loan processor will contact you within 48 hours to discuss next steps and required documentation. When it's time to close we'll meet at a TD Bank location convenient to you. If you provide your email address at the time of application you'll receive an email to check the status of your application online.





Expand What you'll need




Social Security Number
Housing expenses on all properties owned and other monthly expenses
Income and employment history




Get started
Fill in the application below. Based on your responses, we'll provide the best options available to meet your needs.

There are eight steps to this Home Equity application process.

You are on step one. Please provide your Loan information
In the second step, you will enter your Personal information
In the third step, you will provide information about your Income and employment
In the fourth step, you will provide information about your Personal net worth
In the fifth step, you will provide Property information
In the sixth step, you will provide information about your Monthly expenses
In the seventh step, you will select your Closing location
In the eighth step, you will  Review



There are six steps to this Home Equity application process.

You are on step one. Please provide your Loan information
In the second step, you will enter your Personal information
In the third step, you will provide information about your Income and employment
In the fourth step, you will provide information about your Personal net worth
In the fifth step, you will provide Monthly expenses
In the sixth step, you will Review












Home Equity products




Home Equity Lines of Credit



Expand Enjoy competitive Home Equity Line of Credit rates and draw only the funds you need when you need them - up to your credit limit.



Home Equity Line of Credit features


Get a 0.25% interest rate discount with a qualifying TD Bank checking account
Access your funds by check or direct transfer into your personal checking account - by phone, online or at a TD Bank near you
Manage your account through TD Bank Online Banking
$25,000 minimum line - however, no minimum draw required




Low variable rates are tied to Prime
Fixed Rate Option - you can choose to fix the rate on all or a portion of your line of credit
Visa® EquityAccess Card - advance cash or make large purchases using the money in your Home Equity Line of Credit
Check with your tax advisor to see if the interest you pay is tax deductible









TD Bank EquityAccess PLUS



Expand Get all the benefits of a regular Home Equity Line of Credit, PLUS optional overdraft protection.



TD Bank EquityAccess PLUS features


Get a 0.25% interest rate discount with a qualifying TD Bank checking account
Access your funds by check or direct transfer into your personal checking account - by phone, online or at a TD Bank near you
Manage your account through TD Bank Online Banking
$25,000 minimum line - however, no minimum draw required




Low variable rates are tied to Prime
Fixed Rate Option - you can choose to fix the rate on all or a portion of your line of credit
Visa® EquityAccess Card - advance cash or make large purchases using the money in your Home Equity Line of Credit
Check with your tax advisor to see if the interest you pay is tax deductible









Home Equity Loans



Expand Have a predictable monthly payment for easy budgeting.



Home Equity Loan features
Have a predictable monthly payment and a competitive fixed interest rate for easy budgeting, with terms ranging from 5 to 30 years.


Automatic Payment Deduction from a TD Bank personal checking or savings account means you never miss a payment, and you'll receive a 0.25% interest rate discount
$25,000 minimum loan amount
Receive your funds in one lump sum payment
Lower interest rate than other forms of credit




Manage your account through TD Bank Online Banking
Check with your tax advisor to see if the interest you pay is tax deductible












* Indicates a required field



Property Information

 *What was the purchase price of the subject property?

 *When was the subject property purchased? (ex. MM/DD/YYYY)//
 *Is the subject property held in a trust?(Help)YesNo

Collateral Property Information

 *Estimated current value of property to be secured by the loan

 *What is this property's use?(Help)-----Primary ResidenceSecond HomeInvestment Property

 *What is this property's type? Note: Not available for mobile homes.(Help)-----Single FamilyCondo2-4 FamilyCondexCo-Op
 *Are any property owners being removed from the deed with this transaction?(Help)YesNo

Collateral Property Location
* Please enter the address of this property.(Why?) *Street address (not a P.O. Box) *City *State-----CTDCDEFLMAMDMENCNHNJNYPARISCVAVT
 *Zip code
NOTE: Changing the location will change your loan price options.

Loan Information

 *How much would you like to borrow?(minimum $25,000)

 *Please select a product.(Help)-----TD Bank EquityAccess PLUS Line of CreditLoanLine of Credit


Important notice: 
If you intend to use your TD EquityAccess PLUS as overdraft protection for a checking
account:

 All co-borrowers on the TD EquityAccess PLUS must be the same as the account owners of the checking account
 Select the corresponding number of applicants (yourself plus co-borrowers) below



 *Would you like to set up Automatic Payment Deduction?YesNo

 What type of TD Bank account would you like to automatically make loan payments from? (We cannot accept automatic payment from Passbook Accounts.)(Help)-----CheckingSavings *Account number

 *In how many years would you like to pay off this loan?-----5 Years10 Years15 Years20 Years30 Years

 *How many people will sign the loan?(Help)-----12345


Current Loan Information
 *How many outstanding loans do you have on the collateral property?-----0123 or more
Loan 1 *Are you paying off this loan with money you receive from this request?(Help)YesNo *Is this loan with TD?YesNo

 *Name of financial institution your loan is with

 *What is the current balance on the first outstanding loan (i.e. mortgage)?(Help)

Loan 2 *Are you paying off this loan with money you receive from this request?(Help)YesNo

 *Is this loan with TD?YesNo

 *Name of financial institution your loan is with

 *What is the current balance on the second outstanding loan (i.e. mortgage or home equity)?(Help)

Loan 3 *Are you paying off this loan with money you receive from this request?(Help)YesNo

 *Is this loan with TD?YesNo

 *Name of financial institution your loan is with

 *What is the total balance of all your outstanding balances? This includes any additional loans not listed here.(Help)


Relationship Discount
*Are you eligible for a discount? *Are any of the borrowers a TD Bank or TD Ameritrade employee?YesNo *Do any of the borrowers have a personal TD Bank Checking Account or plan to open one?(Help)YesNo For a discounted rate, please enter your TD Bank checking account number(Help)




Quit Application


Back








Need assistance?
    Call our Financial Solutions Group at 1-800-822-6761.




Expand Continue a saved application?




Enter user name


Enter password




Forgot password? Call 1-800-822-6761
Applications will be saved for 10 days. Rates are subject to change without notice.





Save your loan application for later








 



Privacy | Security | Accessibility | Terms of Use | Bank Deposits FDIC Insured | Equal Housing Lender 



Important Disclosure Regarding Deposit Insurance on Noninterest-bearing Transaction Accounts (FDIC)





SECURITIES AND INSURANCE


NOT FDIC INSURED
NO BANK GUARANTEE
MAY LOSE VALUE





Securities and other investment and insurance products are: not a deposit; not FDIC insured; not insured by any federal government agency; not guaranteed by TD Bank, N.A. or any of its affiliates; and, may be subject to investment risk, including possible loss of value.


©2016 TD Bank, N.A. All Rights Reserved.
















Business Banking Products & Services | TD Commercial Banking





























 Skip to main content 















Francais
简体中文
繁體中文



Web Business Banking
EasyWeb
WebBroker
Tax Payment & Filing
TDFX
TDfacilitrade
CorrespondentWeb

Login









Send Email















































Home
Contact Us
Products & Services
Business Specialities
Ways to Bank
Rates






Home ›
Products & Services







TD Commercial Banking offers comprehensive banking products and services to achieve your goals.







Business Banking Accounts
Choose from our selection  of operating accounts, also known as current accounts,  and  savings accounts  in Canadian or U.S. dollars.


Business Investments
Helps  to maximize your returns  with investment products that best meet your short- or long-term objectives.



Financing
Explore a range of financing options and solutions that best support your business objectives.





Cash Management -  Information, Consolidation  & Reporting
Tools that allow you to effectively manage transfers between accounts, understand current balance, consolidate balances and maximize your cash flow.



Cash Management -  Payables
Make payments electronically with your choice of payment options to meet your business needs. 



Cash Management -  Receivables
Choose from our wide range of collection services that can help improve your cash flow.





U.S. Banking Services
A full suite of U.S based banking  solutions to help make your cross-border banking easier.



Global Services
Solutions to minimize risk  associated with converting  currencies and manage foreign cash flows. Services to reduce risk associated with importing and exporting.



Business Credit Life Insurance
Secure the long-term financial viability of your business should a person who is key to the success of your business die or suffer a covered accident.





Wealth Advisory Services 
Wealth Advisory Services specialists can help maximize your business' value and create and implement a plan for the smooth transfer of your business down the road.






DID YOU KNOW

 

“80% of Canadian CEOs expect to enter a strategic alliance or joint venture over the next year." - PWC 2015 Canadian CEO Survey












Need some help? Contact us.






Get in touch with a Relationship Manager
Find a Commercial Banking Centre













Get a response from our team
Send an email








Products & Services

Business Banking Accounts
Business Investments
Financing Services
Cash Management - Information, Consolidation & Reporting
Cash Management  - Payables
Cash Management - Receivables
U.S. Banking
Global Services
Business Credit Life Insurance
Wealth Advisory Services



Business Specialties

Aboriginal
Agriculture
Automotive Floor Financing
Equipment Finance
Franchise
Professional
Real Estate
Small Business



Web Business Banking
Convenient access to your commercial accounts.
Log in

Learn More

Foreign Exchange Calculator

Get currency conversions
View current exchange rates



Contact Us

Find a Commercial Banking Center Near You
Email us























TD Business Solutions Credit Card



































Mobile login drop down link






















Log in to your account






Log In
















 Thanks for visiting!
To access your rewards, log in at 	tdcardservices.com
 or click the button below.
LOG IN





Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer








   Copyright © 2017 TD Bank, N.A. All rights reserved.
				
View TD Bank Privacy Notice.

  Helpful Links
  
Privacy Notice		

Rewards Agreement
 
Accessibility		









This site requires Javascript




This site requires Javascript
















Log In to Your TD Bank Account | TD Bank
























 Skip to main content 












About Us
Locations
Customer Service
En Español

























 




 Log In to Your TD Bank Account




 







				   
										

Online Banking
   Log in




Log In to Your TD Bank Account







Banking and Investing



Personal Online Banking
TD BusinessDirect Online Banking (Small Business) 
TD Wealth
TD Private Client Wealth 








Cards



Credit Card

TD Go Card
TD Connect Card
TD Commercial Plus Card








Other



TD eTreasury
TDFX
TD Bank Trade
Asset Based Lending
TD Digital Express
MyDocuments



















Get help now online.



Expand
Top FAQs











Ask now!
















 











