










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













ARRIS Consumer Care - Support Services























WELCOME TO ARRIS CONSUMER SUPPORT





HELPFUL LINKS




SURFboard.com
Shop ARRIS Products
Shop ARRIS Batteries


MSO and TELCO Technical Support
EU Product Declaration of Conformities (DoC)
Legacy PACE Video Set-Top Boxes






Support Home


Cable Set-Top Box


DSL Modems and Gateways


Mobile and Tablet Apps


Network Adapters


Replacement Batteries


SURFboard Cable Modems and Gateways


SURFboard Routers


Service Operator


Set-Top Box Accessories


Set-Top Boxes


Touchstone Modems and Gateways


Wi-Fi Cards And Adapters


Discontinued Products


Buy Battery Backup


Contact Us






Support Services


Chat


Email


Call






ARRIS Warranty & Support Services




Our warranty and support covers you for two years from the date of purchase to assist with your support needs and to effectively managing your home networking devices. We offer free technical support via chat, email or phone 7 days a week, 7AM to 12AM Central Time, excluding major holidays. Staying connected is simple!




Product Purchases Through a Marketplace and Unauthorized Resellers




Only those products purchased directly from an authorized ARRIS consumer retail store are eligible for ARRIS Consumer Warranty and Support. If you did NOT purchase your ARRIS branded product from a retail store, please contact your Cable Operator directly for warranty and support. Products purchased from non-authorized resellers (including websites) are not eligible for ARRIS warranty support and support services.
Marketplaces offer products from re-sellers who may not be authorized to sell ARRIS products. ARRIS products purchased from non-authorized re-sellers through a marketplace may not qualify for a warranty replacement or support by ARRIS. Please ensure that you review the seller’s return and exchange policy prior to your purchase as the product will need to be exchanged by the seller.





SERVICES







NO WARRANTY? NO PROBLEM!
Slow Internet speeds, lost Internet connection, intermittent or poor wireless range? You can rely on ARRIS.  We provide real-time, one-on-one out of warranty phone support for $39.99.
                                        
NOTE:  We also offer free chat and email support to all customers regardless of warranty status.







Chat Currently Available
Chat hours are listed below.
Monday - Sunday:  06:00 AM - 11:00 PM MDT
Live Chat


We're sorry, chat is currently unavailable.
Chat hours are listed below.
Monday - Sunday:  06:00 AM - 10:00 PM MDT
Offline









* Indicates a Required field.




Product *

 Cable Set-Top Box
Mobile and Tablet Apps
Network Adapters
Replacement Batteries
SURFboard Cable Modems and Gateways
SURFboard Routers
Touchstone Modems and Gateways
U-Verse









First Name *






Last Name *






Email Address *






Place Of Purchase *

 - None -
AAFES
AMAZON.COM
BASS PRO L.P.
BEST BUY CO., INC
BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB
BRANDSMART USA
Broadbandoffers.com
Costco Wholesale
eBay
FRY'S ELECTRONICS
Future Shop
Groupon
Home Depot
MICRO CENTER
Newegg.com
OFFICE DEPOT - RETAIL
OFFICE MAX
Other
RADIO SHACK CORPORATION
SAM'S CLUB
shop.surfboard.com
STAPLES
Tango
TARGET STORES
WALMART STORES, INC.
WOOT, INC.





Serial Number






Service Provider *

 - None -
AT&T (LEGACY)
ATLANTIC BROADBAND FINANCE LLC
BELLSOUTH
BRIGHT HOUSE NETWORKS
CABLE ONE
CABLEVISION COMMUNICATIONS
CEBRIDGE CONNECTIONS DBA SUDDENLINK
Century Link (old name Century Telephone)
CENTURYTEL SUPPLY GROUP INC
CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS
Chat Session/Declined Support
COGECO
COMCAST CORPORATION
COX COMMUNICATIONS
EASTLINK CABLE SYSTEMS
FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS
INSIGHT
MEDIACOM
MEGAPATH NETWORKS
OPTIMUM INC
Other
RCN
Road Runner
ROGERS CABLE TV
SERVICE ELECTRIC CABLEVISION, INC.
Shaw Direct a Div of Shaw Satellite G.P.
SPRINT
TIME WARNER CABLE INC
VERIZON CORPORATE SERVICES GROUP INC
VONAGE
WIDE OPEN WEST
Z-Tell





Subject *






Question *






Have you contacted your service provider prior to contacting us? *




 Yes

 No






Would you like to participate in a customer satisfaction survey from ARRIS? *




 Yes

 No






I have read and accepted ARRIS privacy statement and conditions of website. *




 Yes

 No




Disclaimer: Before submitting any information, we ask that you read and acknowledge your agreement with the following terms.



Continue


















                                    
                                   Notice to Consumers: Beware of Fake Tech Support Scammers                               
                                    

                                    ARRIS is aware of a new Internet phishing scam in the form of imposter posts to social media sites like Facebook directing customers to fraudulent phone numbers for ARRIS customer support. Please report any web sites claiming to be ARRIS technical support or suspicious emails, messages, or phone calls to +1-877-466-8646.
                                    





Consumer
Phone Number
Hours




Broadband Modems and Gateways
1-877-466-8646, option 1
Sun-Sat 7AM-12AM CST


Support not available for discontinued models, please visit our Frequently Asked Questions  for support


RipCurrent Routers and Extenders
1-877-466-8646, option 2
Sun-Sat 7AM-12AM CST


Video Set-Top Receivers
1-877-466-8646, option 3
Sun-Sat 7AM-12AM CST


Touchstone Cable Modems, Gateways and EMTAs
1-877-682-7747
Sun-Sat 7AM-12AM CST


Support for Touchstone products are only available for models sold in retail. If you need assistance with a model not sold in retail please contact your service provider or visit our Frequently Asked Questions  for support


Shop.surfboard.com 
1-877-466-8646
Sun-Sat 7AM-12AM CST


Motorola Zoom  If you have purchased a Motorola-branded product without the SURFboard® logo after 2016, this is not an ARRIS product and ARRIS does not provide support for it. Click here to read more information about this announcement










Enterprise
Website




MSO, TELCO, and Programmers Technical Support
Please visit www.arris.com/support















Follow Us  
  
                  
                  
                




 


HOME
SOLUTIONS
SERVICES



Company

The ARRIS Story
Newsroom
Careers
Investors
Our Offices



Products

By Areas
By Markets







Contact Us
Technical Support
Resources
Consumers
Channel Login




Site Map
Glossary
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use




Copyright ARRIS International, plc. 1995 - 2017. All Rights Reserved.













Touchstone Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback























touchstone partners llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Touchstone Partners LLC was founded in 1999. The company's line of business includes the purchase, sale, and brokerage of securities.




Corporate Information
Address:

250 President St
Baltimore, MD 21202
United States


Phone:
1-410-244-0000


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































TOUCHSTONE INVESTMENTS, L.P. - GREENBRAE, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



GREENBRAE



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            TOUCHSTONE INVESTMENTS, L.P.
                                    



 





















T 


TOUCHSTONE INVESTMENTS, L.P.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



100 DRAKES LANDING RD # 125 GREENBRAE, CA 94904
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Touchstone Investments, L.p. is incorporated in California. Touchstone Investments, L.p. has estimated annual revenues of $110,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















  TSSW Stock Quote - Touchstone Software Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Touchstone Software Corp   TSSW:US      Acquired   TSSW:US was acquired by 967617Z:US   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.11    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   12.135    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   TouchStone Software Corporation develops and publishes utility software used to set up, maintain, and manage personal computers and networks.  The Company's software includes diagnostic, Internet optimization, and file transfer software. TouchStone's CheckIt products are sold worldwide through the retail channels.    Address  1538 Turnpike StreetNorth Andover, MA 01845United States   Phone  1-978-686-6468   Website   www.touchstonesoftware.com              







Touchstone Group, LLC – Building Partnerships since 2002























 


Skip to content












Full-service institutional placement agent for private equity and other illiquid strategies

AGF LATIN AMERICA L.P. (AGRIBUSINESS & FOOD FUND)Brazil Agribusiness & FoodPrivate Equity
BLUERUN VENTURES IVGlobal Early Stage Technology InvestingVenture Capital
CULTIVIAN SANDBOX FOOD & AGRICULTURE FUND II, LPFood & Agribusiness TechnologyVenture Capital
EDG PARTNERS FUND II, L.P.US Small/Mid-Market Healthcare ServicesPrivate Equity
HEALTHEDGE INVESTMENT FUND II, L.P.US HealthcarePrivate Equity
 

Building Partnerships since 2002
Who  We Are
Touchstone Group, LLC is an independent full-service placement agent. We raise institutional and family office capital for fund managers in private equity, growth, venture, mezzanine, credit, infrastructure and other illiquid alternative strategies. We focus on raising funds with target sizes from $150 million to $1 billion.
Read More









Home 
































GP Clients – Touchstone Group, LLC























 


Skip to content










 







GP Clients 

Touchstone markets a wide range of private equity and illiquid strategies, including: 

Buyout and growth private equity funds
Venture capital funds
Mezzanine funds
Distressed private equity funds
 
Regionally-focused private equity funds (including Europe, Latin America, and elsewhere)
Sector-focused private equity and venture capital funds
Funds of private equity funds
Illiquid credit funds


















AGF LATIN AMERICA L.P. (AGRIBUSINESS & FOOD FUND)

Brazil Agribusiness & Food
Private Equity






AGF LATIN AMERICA L.P. (AGRIBUSINESS & FOOD FUND)






AGF LATIN AMERICA L.P. (AGRIBUSINESS & FOOD FUND)

Brazil Agribusiness & Food
Private Equity




Brazil-based private equity fund investing in middle-market companies operating in the agribusiness and food value chain. Brazil and LatAm “Southern Cone” are the world’s largest net global exporters of food and agricultural products. The manager capitalizes on its profound sector and geographic expertise investing in established businesses with scalable revenue and profit.
Touchstone redeveloped the marketing strategy and materials, and executed a broad exclusive global mandate.












BLUERUN VENTURES IV

Global Early Stage Technology Investing
Venture Capital






BLUERUN VENTURES IV






BLUERUN VENTURES IV

Global Early Stage Technology Investing
Venture Capital




Global early-stage technology venture capital fund headquartered in Menlo Park, CA with strategic global satellite offices. Specialized in internet, media, mobility, enterprise solutions and components. Prior nvestment successes included lead investments in PayPal and Slide.
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive mandate in North America and Europe.












CULTIVIAN SANDBOX FOOD & AGRICULTURE FUND II, LP

Food & Agribusiness Technology
Venture Capital






CULTIVIAN SANDBOX FOOD & AGRICULTURE FUND II, LP






CULTIVIAN SANDBOX FOOD & AGRICULTURE FUND II, LP

Food & Agribusiness Technology
Venture Capital




The leading US venture capital fund investing exclusively in early stage “AgTech” – technology-based companies in food and agribusiness – an essential new sector in global agriculture, driven by climate change, scarce land and water resources, and changing diets of vast emerging market middle classes. 
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive global mandate.












EDG PARTNERS FUND II, L.P.

US Small/Mid-Market Healthcare Services
Private Equity






EDG PARTNERS FUND II, L.P.






EDG PARTNERS FUND II, L.P.

US Small/Mid-Market Healthcare Services
Private Equity




US-based private equity fund investing in growth-oriented small/middle market healthcare service companies.  Uses operating expertise to dramatically improve portfolio companies’ operational efficiency, and drive portfolio company growth.
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive mandate in North America and Europe.












HEALTHEDGE INVESTMENT FUND II, L.P.

US Healthcare
Private Equity






HEALTHEDGE INVESTMENT FUND II, L.P.






HEALTHEDGE INVESTMENT FUND II, L.P.

US Healthcare
Private Equity




US-based private equity fund investing in healthcare services, specialty products and distribution. The General Partner adds significant value to undermanaged companies using a combination of buy-and-build and operating expertise. Fund targets differentiated companies with high gross margins, scalable businesses, and opportunities to add value. 
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive mandate in North America and selectively elsewhere.












(Not Disclosed)

European Lower Middle-Market  Investments
Private Equity






(Not Disclosed)






(Not Disclosed)

European Lower Middle-Market  Investments
Private Equity
















(Not Disclosed)

US Middle-Market Co-Investments
Private Equity






(Not Disclosed)






(Not Disclosed)

US Middle-Market Co-Investments
Private Equity




US-based independent co-investment fund investing in transactions alongside leading small to mid-market private equity sponsors. In addition to traditional coinvestment opportunities, the manager is willing to commit alongside sponsors before a letter of intent is signed, as well as in existing sponsor portfolio companies. Spinout of a strategy that was successfully implemented at a large global bank.  
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive global mandate.












(Not Disclosed)

US/European Portfolio Buyouts
Distressed Debt






(Not Disclosed)






(Not Disclosed)

US/European Portfolio Buyouts
Distressed Debt




UK-based fund acquiring portfolios of three or more operating businesses from corporations selling non-core assets for strategy, management or other reasons While multiple bidders exist for sales of single corporate subsidiaries, this manager purchases only portfolios of assets, giving them an edge over single-asset buyers.
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive mandate in North America and selectively elsewhere.












(Not Disclosed)

US Insurance and Financial Services
Hedge Fund






(Not Disclosed)






(Not Disclosed)

US Insurance and Financial Services
Hedge Fund




US private equity manager specializing in the insurance industry. Manager capitalizes on in-depth industry expertise and 20-year record of successful investing in the sector. Typically invests as lead or co-lead in middle-market investments and also participates in large transactions.
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive mandate in North America and Europe.












(Not Disclosed)

Global Long/Short Equity Australian Long/Short Equity
Hedge Fund






(Not Disclosed)






(Not Disclosed)

Global Long/Short Equity Australian Long/Short Equity
Hedge Fund




Australian long/short public equity investor with long/short equity strategies in global large caps and in Australian mid caps.  AUM exceeded $3 billion.
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive North America mandate.












(Not Disclosed)

US Debt
Distressed Debt






(Not Disclosed)






(Not Disclosed)

US Debt
Distressed Debt




Distressed debt manager investing in liquid and illiquid strategies biased towards middle-market companies. Ten-year track record of successful distressed debt investing.  
Touchstone executed a broad mandate in North America and selectively elsewhere.












(Not Disclosed)

Canadian Long/Short Natural Resources Global Long/Short Agriculture
Hedge Fund






(Not Disclosed)






(Not Disclosed)

Canadian Long/Short Natural Resources Global Long/Short Agriculture
Hedge Fund




Canadian long/short public equity investor specialized in the energy, mining and materials, and agriculture sectors.  AUM exceeded $3 billion.
Touchstone executed a broad exclusive mandate in the US and selectively elsewhere.












































 



 Touchstone Launches Credit Opportunities Fund with Ares Capital Management II LLC as Sub-Advisor 
         










    










 






 











 









Touchstone Launches Credit Opportunities Fund with Ares Capital Management II LLC as Sub-Advisor

		  - Fund Seeks Absolute Return by Investing Primarily in Global Debt Securities- Actively Manages Portfolio Exposures Across Several Broad Investment Categories- Portfolio Management Team has an Average of More Than 25 Years of Experience
		

Sep 10, 2015, 13:37 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Touchstone Investments 











 
















































 

 




















 


CINCINNATI, Sept. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Touchstone Investments announces the launch of the Touchstone Credit Opportunities Fund in an effort to take advantage of market inefficiencies and relative value opportunities in the global fixed-income market. Ares Capital Management II LLC of Ares Management, L.P. will sub-advise the Fund.
"We are thrilled to include this dynamic portfolio in our fund family and to have the deeply experienced Ares Management team managing the Fund," said Steven M. Graziano, President of Touchstone Investments. "As market conditions continue to evolve, we see significant opportunities in the credit markets with many securities poised to benefit from capital appreciation and income generation." Touchstone incorporates a sub-advisor model that offers investors access to institutional asset managers whose strategies are typically not available to average shareholders.
The Fund seeks to generate absolute returns by investing primarily in global debt securities, by identifying opportunities that are believed to offer attractive relative values when compared to their fundamental credit risk. Ares Management incorporates a flexible investment strategy with the capacity to reallocate assets among core investments and opportunistic investments as market conditions change.  Broad investment categories include high yield bonds, bank loans, special situations, structured credit and hedges. 
Management of the Touchstone Credit Opportunities Fund is led by Ares Management's Seth Brufsky, John Leupp and Darryl Schall, investment professionals with an average of more than 25 years of financial experience. Shares of the Fund are offered as A Shares (Symbol: TCOAX), C Shares (SYMBOL: TOCCX), Y Shares (Symbol: TCOYX), and Institutional Shares (Symbol: TOCIX).
"Since our firm's inception in 1997, we have adhered to a disciplined investment philosophy that focuses on delivering attractive risk-adjusted investment returns throughout market cycles," said Seth Brufsky, Partner and Portfolio Manager in the Ares Management Tradable Credit Group.  "We look forward to serving investors seeking exposure to credit markets and are excited to partner with Touchstone and continue our demonstrated presence in this market segment." 
About Touchstone InvestmentsTouchstone Investments is a mutual fund company committed to providing investors with access to institutional asset managers who act in a sub-advisory capacity. Managed by sub-advisors with high conviction, concentrated portfolios, Touchstone's entire equity fund lineup is composed of high Active Share funds which means their holdings are highly differentiated from their benchmarks. Touchstone's sub-advisor selection and monitoring approach is built upon the conviction that an asset manager's organizational stability, quality of its personnel, adherence to its investment discipline and infrastructure represent the elements of repeatable, value-added performance results over time. This philosophy has resulted in a diverse but focused product offering that gives investors a full breadth of investment options across styles and asset classes. The Touchstone Funds are advised by Touchstone Advisors, Inc., a registered investment advisor, and are distributed nationally through intermediaries including broker-dealers, financial planners and institutions by Touchstone Securities, Inc., a registered broker-dealer and member FINRA/SIPC. Touchstone, Touchstone Funds and Touchstone Investments are federal service mark registrations and applications owned by IFS Financial Services, Inc. Touchstone Securities, Inc., Touchstone Advisors, Inc. and IFS Financial Services, Inc. are members of Western & Southern Financial Group. Western & Southern Financial Group, Inc. (Western & Southern) is a Fortune 500 company with $69 billion of assets owned and managed, as of June 30, 2015. For more information, please visit TouchstoneInvestments.com. 
About Ares Management L.P.Ares Capital Management II LLC is the Fund's sub-advisor.  Parent company, Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE:   ARES) is a publicly traded, leading global alternative asset manager with approximately $88 billioni of assets under management as of June 30, 2015 and more than 15 offices in the United States, Europe and Asia. Since its inception in 1997, Ares has adhered to a disciplined investment philosophy that focuses on delivering strong risk-adjusted investment returns throughout market cycles. Ares believes each of its four distinct but complementary investment groups in Tradable Credit, Direct Lending, Private Equity and Real Estate is a market leader based on assets under management and investment performance. Ares was built upon the fundamental principle that each group benefits from being part of the greater whole.
Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund carefully before investing. The prospectus and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the Fund. To obtain a prospectus or a summary prospectus, contact your financial advisor or download and/or request one at TouchstoneInvestments.com/literature-center or call Touchstone at 800.638.8194. Please read the prospectus and/or summary prospectus carefully before investing. 
The Fund invests in debt securities which can lose their value as interest rates rise and are subject to the risk of deterioration in the financial condition of an issuer and/or general economic conditions that can cause the issuer to not make timely payments of principal and interest also causing the securities to decline in value and an investor can lose principal. When interest rates rise, the price of debt securities generally falls. Longer term securities are generally more volatile. The Fund invests in non-investment grade debt securities, distressed securities and corporate loans which are considered speculative with respect to the issuers' ability to make timely payments of interest and principal, may lack liquidity and have more frequent and larger price changes than other debt securities. There is a high risk that the Fund could suffer losses from investments in non-investment grade debt securities caused by the default of an issuer. The Fund invests in Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) that have risks that largely depend on the type of underlying collateral and risks may include illiquidity, limited active market, the possibility that distributions from collateral securities will be insufficient to make interest or other payments, the potential for a decline in the quality of the collateral, and can bear the risk of default by the loans. The Fund invests in convertible securities which are subject to the risks of both debt securities and equity securities. The Fund invests in equities which are subject to market volatility and loss. The Fund invests in preferred stocks which are relegated below bonds for payment should the issuer be liquidated. The fixed dividend may be less attractive in a rising interest rate market. The Fund invests in foreign securities which carry the associated risks of economic and political instability, market liquidity, currency volatility and differences in accounting standards. The Fund may invest in derivatives, futures contracts, options and swap agreements for speculative purposes. Derivatives can be highly volatile, illiquid and difficult to value, subject to counterparty and leverage risks and there is risk that changes in the value of a derivative held by the Fund will not correlate with the Fund's other investments. Gains or losses from speculative positions in a derivative may be much greater than the original cost and potential losses may be substantial. The Fund is involved in short selling which may result in additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss. The Fund is non-diversified, which means that it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in the securities of a limited number of issuers and may be subject to greater risks. Current and future portfolio holdings are subject to risk. The advisor engages the sub-advisor to manage the Fund's portfolio; the sub-advisor's judgment may impact the Fund's performance.


i As of June 30, 2015, AUM amounts include capital available to vehicles managed or co-managed by Ares, including funds managed by Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P., a wholly owned portfolio company of Ares Capital Corporation and a registered investment adviser.  
 



Contact:





Sharon Karp


James Doyle



Touchstone Investments


Jennifer Connelly Public Relations



513-362-8026


973-850-7308



sharon.karp@touchstonefunds.com


jdoyle@jcprinc.com 

 
 SOURCE  Touchstone Investments  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.touchstoneinvestments.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Apr 26, 2016, 10:00 ET
Preview: Touchstone Names The London Company as its Sub-Advisor of the Year




















Jul 14, 2015, 09:54 ET
Preview: Touchstone Appoints Rockefeller & Co. as Sub-Advisor to Touchstone Sustainability and Impact Equity Fund








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Mar 02, 2017, 08:30 ET
"Distinctively Active" Sets New Standard for Truly Active Managers














Mar 02, 2017, 08:30 ET
Touchstone Names ClearArc Capital as its Sub-Advisor of the Year














Mar 02, 2017, 08:30 ET
Touchstone Merger Arbitrage Fund Reopens to New Investors











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 



Brightpoint Enters Into Agreement to Acquire Touchstone Wireless NYSE:IM








































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Brightpoint Enters Into Agreement to Acquire Touchstone Wireless




















December 13, 2010 04:30 ET

 | Source: Ingram Micro







		Touchstone Wireless is a leading provider of repair services and reverse logistics for the wireless industry

		Accelerates Brightpoint's growth in wireless handset repair and reverse logistics market

		Creates the wireless industry's most efficient supply chain solutions provider


	INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 13, 2010 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Brightpoint, Inc. (Nasdaq:CELL) ("Brightpoint") today announced that through its wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, Touchstone Acquisition, LLC ("Brightpoint"), it entered into an agreement to acquire Touchstone Wireless Repair and Logistics, L.P. ("Touchstone"). Touchstone provides repair, remanufacture, and reverse logistics services to the wireless industry and is a privately-held company based in Hatfield, PA. With the Touchstone acquisition, Brightpoint further expands its solutions offering and creates the wireless industry's most efficient supply chain solutions provider. 

	Under the terms of the agreement, Brightpoint will pay $80 million in cash at closing to acquire Touchstone. Brightpoint expects to fund the purchase price from its Senior Revolving Credit Facility. The proposed acquisition is expected to close by December 31, 2010 and is subject to customary closing conditions including, without limitation, the receipt of certain third party and regulatory approvals. For additional details in connection with the acquisition, please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K, which the Company will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission today.      

	"Together, Brightpoint and Touchstone have strong relationships with all of the major wireless handset manufacturers and wireless carriers," said Robert J. Laikin, Brightpoint Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. "The combination of our companies creates the wireless industry's most compelling forward and reverse logistics service provider. Touchstone's innovative asset management and recycling programs are examples of the areas of expertise that we will offer to our customers in more than 25 countries. I believe that our customers will benefit from the efficiencies created by the addition of Touchstone's leading reverse logistics and repair solutions and that our shareholders will benefit from this transaction, which we expect to be slightly accretive to our 2011 earnings per share." 

	"By combining Brightpoint's strength in forward logistics with Touchstone's expertise in the repair and reverse logistics arena, we are creating a new class of solutions provider in the wireless industry," said Brightpoint Americas President, J. Mark Howell. "Adding a robust, in-house repair operation with more than 300 trained repair technicians, solidifies and extends Brightpoint's leadership position in the wireless supply chain solutions arena. This combination enables us to increase our value proposition to our customer base of leading network operators, manufacturers, and retailers by offering true end-to-end supply chain services and provides the expertise and infrastructure for additional services such as wireless device recycling and refurbishment." 

	"We are proud of our significant accomplishments and reverse logistics innovations within the wireless industry," said Allen Hurley, Chairman and Co-Founder, Touchstone Wireless.  "We've set a superior standard for quality, reliability, and customer service for our carrier and manufacturer partners during our decade-long history. The combination of our companies provides Touchstone with access to greater resources, expands our business by utilizing Brightpoint's extensive network of customer and manufacturing partners, and strengthens Brightpoint's product and service portfolio.  I see this combination as a tremendous opportunity for Touchstone's nearly 1,800 employees."

	Blank Rome LLP acted as outside counsel and Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Brightpoint in connection with the transaction. 

About Brightpoint, Inc.

	Brightpoint, Inc. (Nasdaq:CELL) is a global leader in providing supply chain solutions to leading stakeholders in the wireless industry. In 2009, Brightpoint handled approximately 84 million wireless devices globally. Brightpoint's innovative services include distribution channel management, procurement, inventory management, software loading, kitting and customized packaging, fulfillment, product customization, eBusiness solutions, and other outsourced services that integrate seamlessly with its customers. Brightpoint's effective and efficient platform allows its customers to benefit from quickly deployed, flexible, and cost effective solutions. The company has approximately 2,700 employees in more than 25 countries. In 2009, Brightpoint generated revenue of $3.2 billion. Brightpoint provides distribution and customized services to more than 25,000 B2B customers worldwide. Additional information about Brightpoint can be found on its website at www.brightpoint.com, or by calling its toll-free Information and Investor Relations line at 877-IIR-CELL (877-447-2355).

About Touchstone Wireless

	Touchstone Wireless LP was formed in 2005 with the merger of Image 1 Wireless Inc. of Bristol, Tenn., and Eastern Wireless Inc., a Pennsylvania-based company.  Touchstone is the leading handset repair, remanufacturing and logistics provider in North America, known for meeting the highest possible standards in the industry and for its extensive internal/external IT systems.

	Touchstone's core business is the repair, remanufacturing and logistical services of wireless products, involving forward and reverse logistics, warranty and out-of-warranty fulfillment, and refurbishment. The company also provides creative and cost effective repair and reverse logistics solutions for wireless product insurance and handles asset management, which involves finding markets globally for refurbished, salvaged and recycled wireless products on behalf of customers and then selling the products in those markets. Touchstone's innovative IT solutions enable customers to track and manage their inventories in real time, which improves efficiency and lowers total costs. For more information, visit www.touchstonewirelesslp.com.

	Certain information in this press release may contain forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future performance of Brightpoint, including without limitation, the ability of Brightpoint to consummate the purchase of Touchstone, the ability to realize the anticipated efficiencies and other benefits of the transaction, including the accretion to earnings per share in 2011. These statements are only predictions and actual events or results may differ materially. Please refer to the documents Brightpoint files, from time to time, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Brightpoint's Form 8-K filed today and the most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and Exhibit 99.1, thereto. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date these statements were made. Brightpoint undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release.
Brightpoint, Inc.
Investor Relations
Tom Ward
  317-707-2745
Media Relations
Carolyn Manco
  317-707-2276



Related Articles
other press releases by Ingram Micro


Ingram Micro Teams With SAP to Expand Market Reach of Leading Managed Mobility Solutions
April 08, 2013 08:00


Ingram Micro Mobility Supports Ivy Tech Community College With $100,000 Educational Endowment
March 14, 2013 09:01


Ingram Micro Expands Logistics Services Agreement With ACN to Include Flash Wireless
March 06, 2013 12:01


BrightPoint Announces Distribution Services Agreements With Beats Electronics in Australia and New Zealand
December 09, 2012 16:00


BrightPoint Americas Announces Logistic Services Relationship with PlayMG Corp
November 09, 2012 08:00






158



other news releases in

Mergers and Acquisitions

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Ingram Micro





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Indianapolis, Indiana, UNITED STATES
  http://www.brightpoint.com




Contact Data
Brightpoint, Inc.
Investor Relations
Tom Ward
  317-707-2745
Media Relations
Carolyn Manco
  317-707-2276






Tags
TELECOMMUNICATIONS
SOFTWARE
ACQUISITIONS














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.










Practice Areas - Touchstone Bernays | Touchstone Bernays
















































Search for:



mailRSS

4040 Renaissance Tower1201 Elm StreetDallas, Texas 75270-2196T: 214-741-1166F: 214-741-7548401 E. Sonterra Blvd.Suite 375San Antonio, Texas 78258T: 210-510-4122


We Set the Standard ™
Home
About Us
Practice Areas
Attorneys
News
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
CAT 911





Practice Areas

Since 1946, Touchstone Bernays has been known principally for the quality of its trial lawyers. Dedicated to defense, Touchstone lawyers produce excellent results in a wide variety of cases and practice areas. From appellate work to coverage, we provide quality representation by skilled advocates who put the client first.
Appellate
Auto Liability
Bad Faith / Extra-Contractual
Business & Commercial
Construction Accidents
Construction Defects
Coverage Opinions & Coverage Litigation
Employer Liability
Employment Practices
Equine Law
Estate Planning and Probate
Excess, Reinsurance and Surplus
Government & Municipal Liability
Health Care Liability
Oil Field Accidents
Mass Torts and Environmental Claims
Premises Liability
Products Liability
Professional Liability
Trucking Liability
Real Estate Law

 


Comments are closed.




Recent News ALERT! NEW RULING ON EXTRA-CONTRACTUAL DAMAGES RECOVERY TEXAS SUPREME COURT ADDRESSES LOSS-OF-USE DAMAGES IN TOTAL-DESTRUCTION CASE DEFENSE OF MULTI-PLAINTIFF SUPERHIGHWAY EXPANSION LAWSUIT CONSTRUCTION GENERAL CONTRACTOR DISMISSED FROM SUIT TOUCHSTONE BERNAYS NAMES TWO NEW PARTNERSRead MoreOur Attorneys William C. FeemsterPartnerPractice Areas:InsurancePersonal InjuryProducts Liability Meet All Our Attorneys
Recent Blog Posts TOTAL DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY DOES NOT PREVENT A RECOVERY FOR LOSS-OF-USE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS STAY TUNED:  A FIFTH CIRCUIT U.S. COURT OF APPEALS PANEL........ APPLICATION OF WATER-DAMAGE EXCLUSION IN ALL-RISK HOMEOWNER'S POLICY MEDICAL SERVICES EXCLUSION PRECLUDES COVERAGE ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF NAMED DRIVER EXCLUSIONRead More 




Touchstone, Bernays, Johnston, Beall, Smith & Stollenwerck, LLP. A Limited Liability Partnership
T: 214-741-1166F: 214-741-7548

Copyright © 2011 Touchstone Bernays. All Rights Reserved. Sitemap  |  Disclaimer



 




