    Douglas Tough | Perelson Weiner LLP | ZoomInfo.com






Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,567 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,710 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,128 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,438 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,844 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,710 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,821 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,167 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,297 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,912 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,142 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,361 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,438 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,493 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,128 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















Use the PDF button on the web page
The only way to print is to view or download the PDF.

Accessed by nilsacenteno@yahoo.com on 7/28/2017 10:16:39 AM










Douglas D. Tough, Dir., CEO, MD, Ansell Ltd.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Douglas Tough 





 


Douglas Tough

 

Dir., CEO, MD - Ansell Ltd.

 


Douglas Tough Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Ansell Ltd. 

 

Company Website : 
www.ansell.com 

 

Company Address : 
678 Victoria St., Richmond, ,Australia, 


 


Douglas Tough Profile :
Dir., CEO, MD - Ansell Ltd. 

 


Douglas Tough Biography :


Mr. Tough joined Ansell on 11th May and became Chief Executive Officer, and a Director of Ansell Ltd. on July 1st, 2004. Prior to joining Ansell, Mr. Tough, a dual citizen of Canada and USA, spent 17 years with Cadbury Schweppes plc in a number of international and domestic leadership roles, most recently as President and Chief Executive Officer of its largest division worldwide, DrPepper/Seven Up, North America. Mr. Tough has also had some 12 years experience with Procter & Gamble in various sales and marketing assignments. Mr. Tough holds an MBA from the University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada, and a BBA - University of Kentucky, Lexington, Kentucky, USA. 

 


Douglas Tough Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Rainer Wolf 
Head - Global Manufacturing 
Please login 


Peter Barnes 
Chmn. 
Please login 


Dale Crandall 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Mike Zedalis 
Sr. VP - Science, Technology 
Please login 


David Graham 
GM - Finance, Accounting 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

© 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.



International Flavors & Fragrances' (IFF) CEO Douglas Tough on Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»International Flavors & Fragrances' (IFF) CEO Douglas Tough on Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptAug. 5.14 | About: International Flavors (IFF) International Flavors & Fragrances (NYSE:IFF)
Q2 2014 Earnings Call
August 05, 2014 10:00 am ET
Executives
Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations
Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances
Matthias Haeni - Group President of Flavors
Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Rohini Nair - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Sarah Donnelly - G. Research, Inc.
Operator
At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young
Thank you. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to IFF Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Earlier today, we distributed a press release announcing our second quarter results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at www.iff.com. This call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website.
Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements, which I will read out loud. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the third quarter and our outlook for the full year of 2014. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors outlined in our 2013 10-K filed on February 25, 2014, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website.
Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and is on our website.
With me on the call today is Doug Tough, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Matthias Haeni, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
I would now like to turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough
Thank you, Shelley, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I start my formal comments, I would like to say how much I have enjoyed being part of IFF's journey these past 5 years. You will have read that as of September 1, I will be stepping down as Chief Executive Officer and turning the reins over to Andreas Fibig, who is currently an IFF board member and was most recently with the German pharmaceutical company, Bayer. I will make additional comments about the transition at the end of the presentation.
Turning to the agenda for today's call. I will provide an overview of the second quarter for consolidated IFF, followed by Nicolas Mirzayantz and Matthias Haeni, who will provide their perspective on the performance of our Fragrances and Flavors business segments, respectively. Then Kevin Berryman will provide you with the financial review of our second quarter and turn the call back over to me for a balance of year outlook and some concluding comments before opening the call to your questions.

Turning to the second quarter 2014. Our local currency sales growth this quarter was 4%. As a reminder, our overall growth includes a percentage point of growth related to Aromor. We are comparing to strong like-for-like growth of 8% in the second quarter of 2013, supported by a high level of growth in both business units. This quarter, our Fragrances business delivered growth of 6%, which includes 2 percentage points of growth from Aromor. Our Flavors business, up against a very challenging comparability period of 8%, delivered growth of 1% this year.
Growth was again void by a healthy level of new wins, which is indicative of the company's emphasis on innovation and technology and the work we are doing with our customers to deliver superior products that will delight their consumers wherever they may be.
The emerging markets, which comprise 49% of our sales continued to outpace the developed markets with mid-single-digit growth of 5%. We saw some softening this quarter in the developed markets, which contracted 1%. It is worth highlighting that we achieved high-single digit and even double-digit growth in many of the emerging market countries, including Indonesia, China, India and Argentina, along with solid growth in Brazil and Russia.
Looking at our growth on a 2-year basis, our overall growth was 6% comprised of 5% in Flavors and 7% growth in Fragrances, including Aromor. This growth is within our long-term targeted growth range.
Our profitability remains solid. The company's gross profit margin improved 90 basis points versus the prior year and reflects our ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year gross profit margin improvements. This quarter's improvement was primarily due to ongoing cost improvement initiatives, the net impact of price to input costs and favorable currency impacts in certain markets due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to emerging market currencies.
Our adjusted operating profit increased 8%, reflecting the benefits of margin expansion and lower incentive compensation accruals versus the high year-ago levels, which reduced our overall cost structure. The results of Aromor were not significant to our consolidated financial performance.
Notably, this quarter, our adjusted earnings per share increased 21% to $1.37. EPS benefited from excellent organic profit results, a lower tax rate, reduced interest expense, foreign exchange gains on working capital and a slight reduction in the number of shares outstanding due to our share buyback program. In summary, we continue to deliver strong profitability metrics above our long-term targets even with moderate sales growth.
It is important to note that 1 quarter is not indicative of a year. Our second quarter top line growth of 4% was weaker-than-expected. That said, I remind you that we had a very strong first quarter with local currency sales growth of 7% and adjusted operating and EPS growth of 14% and 11%, respectively, all metrics above our long-term targets.
Let's review our first half of the year results. Our local currency sales growth was 5% comprised of 7% growth in Fragrance and 3% growth in Flavors. The 5% growth is within our long-term targets. On a year-to-date basis, our profitably metrics are above our long-term growth targets.
Adjusted operating profit increased 11% during the first half of 2014. This was driven by significant gross margin expansion of 160 basis points, primarily due to cost savings initiatives, as well as the benefit of net price to input costs and reduced incentive compensation accruals versus higher year-ago levels. Our input costs continue to remain at elevated levels. Adjusted operating profit growth was supported by increased segment profit in both business units.
Our adjusted earnings per share grew 16% in the first half of 2014. The double-digit growth in our adjusted EPS reflects our expanded growth in operating margins, lower interest expenses as a result of refinancing and the benefits of our share repurchase program, as well as favorable trends on foreign exchange so far this year. Of note, our operating and earnings per share profitability growth metrics are above our long-term growth targets.

I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas and Matthias so they can provide more detail on their respective units. Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz
Thank you, Doug, good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our Fragrance business units. Fragrance had local currency sales growth of 6% this quarter compared with 8% growth in the second quarter of 2013, which was our highest growth quarter last year. Our 6% growth includes approximately 2 percentage points of growth from our Aromor acquisition, we said are captured in Fragrance Ingredients.
On a 2-year basis, excluding Aromor, our sales growth is also 6%, which compares quite well with our long-term growth targets. This quarter, the emerging markets grew at 6% or twice the rate of our developed markets and represented 51% of our Fragrance Compounds sales. We achieved strong growth in the emerging markets of China, Indonesia and Brazil, which is one of our strongest Fragrance markets and where we have a leadership position. Our overall sales performance was a result of a strong pipeline of new wins in our Compounds business, which includes both our Fine Fragrances and Consumer Fragrances end-use categories.
Fine Fragrances grew 14% in both Latin America and Greater Asia. This growth was offset by declines in our EAME region due to customer order patterns. Let me remind you that year-to-date, sales in the EAME increased 5%.
North America was flat this quarter compared with a 13% growth in the year-ago quarter. That said, North America grew by 11% for the first 6 months of 2014. Although our overall Fine Fragrance category was flat this quarter on a 2-year basis, Fine Fragrances had growth of 7%, which is above our long-term targets end-market performance.
Turning to Consumer Fragrances. This category had solid growth of 5% compared with 8% growth in the prior year quarter. Growth this quarter was led by high-single digit growth in Toiletries and mid-single-digit growth in Fabric Care, Personal Wash and Home Care. Hair Care also grew this quarter. North America and Asia delivered double-digit growth, and Latin America was also positive. This was offset by a slight decline in EAME.
Turning to our Ingredients business. Fragrance Ingredients delivered local currency sales growth of 21%, which includes 17% of growth from Aromor. The growth in Fragrance Ingredients reflect continuous strong sales of key IFF product families. Excluding the planned migration of some volume from Fragrance Ingredients to Compounds, Fragrance Ingredients would have grown by 9%.
This quarter marks our final quarter of the planned migration of volume from Fragrance Ingredients to Compounds. In summary, we achieved solid top line growth thanks to the strength and diversity of our portfolio, customer base and end-use categories. On a year-to-date basis, our Fragrance business grew 7%, which includes 2 percentage points of growth from Aromor and is within our long-term targets.
Turning to our profitability. We were able to leverage our 6% local currency sales growth into higher segment operating profit to achieve very strong business unit performance. Our gross margins benefited from volume gains and productivity savings combined with a favorable impact of price-to-input cost and currency benefits, offset by a small negative mix impact due to the reduced growth in Fine Fragrance. Our input costs continue to remain at elevated lead levels.
The gross margin expansion, combined with decreased incentive compensation accruals from the high year-ago levels drove an improvement in our segment profit margins. These benefits were offset in part by increased RSA spending to support business growth. For the quarter, our segment profit increased 19% or an increase of $14 million. Year-to-date, our segment profit has improved by $32 million or 23%.

Here are a few additional areas I'd like to highlight:
Number one. We're seeing the impact of some higher raw material costs in our inventories, especially in naturals and petrochemicals. We expect input cost pressures to impact our P&L around the end of the year and to be developing headwind for 2015. We are proactively engaged in pricing discussions with select customers to offset the inflationary pressure.
Number two. This quarter, we completed the purchase price accounting related to Aromor. And as a result, we will now have a modest ongoing amortization expense in our P&L.
Number three. As planned, this quarter we closed our Fragrance Ingredients plant in Augusta, and we will see the cost benefits in H2. As always, our focus is on efficiency and making sure our operations are cost-effective and competitive. These recent initiatives support our strategic focus to drive improvements in our Ingredients business.
Turning to our third quarter outlook. For the third quarter, we're expecting continued top line momentum in the business. We expect the rate of improvement in year-over-year gross margin to moderate in H2, especially when compared with the improvements we made in gross margins in the first half of 2014. We look forward to updating you next quarter.
I will now turn the call over to Matthias, our new group President of Flavors.
Matthias Haeni
Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Against challenging comps of 8% a year ago, flavors delivered local currency sales growth of 1% in the second quarter of 2014. As a reminder, the second quarter of 2013 was our strongest like-for-like quarter of last year.
New wins, which were at historical levels in the second quarter, continued to be a growth driver of our business. The volume from new wins was offset by a higher level of erosion on existing business, especially in North America where we had several very large new product launches in the second quarter of 2013. Looking at the 2 years average, Flavors had solid growth of 5% on a like-for-like basis for Q2. The emerging markets continued to drive growth for our business, representing 52% of sales. The emerging markets grew by 5%, led by double-digit growth of 15% in Latin America. The BRIC countries of Brazil, Russia, India, and China, all performed well, reflecting our ability to work with both global and local customers in these markets. Solid growth in the BRICs was offset by losses in other countries, including Thailand, which was pressured by geopolitical risk. On a year-to-date basis, we grew by 8% in the emerging markets, with 90% of our growth coming from these markets.
From a regional perspective, in Europe, Africa and in Middle East, local currency sales increased by 2% on top of 5% growth in the second quarter of 2013. Growth was strongest in Beverages, Sweet and Dairy, partially offset by softness in Savory.
In Greater Asia, this quarter we were disappointed in our flat growth versus 8% like-for-like growth in the year-ago quarter. Gains in the Savory and Sweet end-use categories were offset by declines in Beverages and Dairy.
In North America, the operating environment continues to be challenging. Volume erosion on existing business was significant and more than offset our growth from new wins. As mentioned, this was driven by several large product launches last year and we were comparing to growth of 11%, which is the most challenging comp of the year.
Finally, we saw continued very strong growth in Latin America of 15%, driven by our proprietary technologies in Beverages, which resulted in very strong growth in the category, reflecting a very high level of new wins. On a year-to-date basis, Latin America has grown by 19%. The second quarter is the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in our Latin America region.

Turning to our profitability metrics. Flavors' gross margins remained strong at prior year levels as a result of our technology-driven wins and creative capabilities. Our segment profit improved by 1% or $0.9 million to $91 million or an increase of 20 basis points as a percentage of sales. The improvement reflects flat gross margins combined with decreased incentive compensation provisions versus the high level of a year ago. Our input costs continue to remain at elevated levels. On a year-to-date basis, our segment profit increased 3.5%, or $6 million, or an increase of 40 basis points.
Turning to our outlook for the third quarter of 2014. We expect growth to be moderate given the ongoing challenges in North America and Western Europe. We are carefully monitoring the situation, yet we remain confident we can continue to leverage our innovation and technology to grow our business.
I also want to highlight that we have begun to see input cost pressure on some items in our inventory. We are expecting to see the increased cost pressures in our P&L around the end of the year, and we will likely see headwinds in 2015. As a result, we have been proactively working with customers on price increases to help mitigate these inflationary pressures. As of 2014, our current strategic initiatives and other cost savings should offset any cost increases in 2014.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Kevin, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman
Thank you, Matthias, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to turn back to our consolidated results. And on the slide, you can see that we delivered again strong operating metrics again in the second quarter on a consolidated basis. Our net sales of $788 million were up 4% on a reported basis and also on a local currency basis. Our consolidated sales includes the results from Aromor, which added a percentage point to our consolidated growth. This quarter, Fragrances comprised 52% of our sales and Flavors, the remaining 48%. Our growth was the result of our diversity in terms of regions, end-use categories and customers. Emerging markets grew 5% this quarter and the developed markets declined by 1%, reflecting a challenging environment in North America for Flavors and a slower growth in Fine Fragrance in Western Europe during the second quarter.
Our adjusted gross margin this quarter improved by 90 basis points to 45.1%. This primarily reflects gross margin expansion in Fragrance due to volume gains, certainly a result of strong new wins, currency benefits, as well as the favorable impact of price to input costs and internal improvement initiatives across both business units. The strong margin growth combined with lower incentive compensation and favorable currency resulted in an 8% increase in our adjusted operating profit to $156 million, resulting again in our operating profit margin rising to 19.8%, up 60 basis points from the year-ago figure of 19.2%.
Our adjusted effective tax rate in the second quarter of 24.9% was favorable to our adjusted figure of 26.5% in the first quarter of 2013, reflecting higher earnings from lower tax jurisdictions and the effect of favorable tax settlements, partially offset by higher repatriation costs and the absence of the R&D tax credit in the current quarter. The strong operating profit growth, when combined with foreign exchange gains, lower interest expense and the positive impact on earnings per share of our share repurchase program, this resulted in a year-over-year improvement of 21% in our [indiscernible] $1.37.
Importantly, the growth in all of our profitability metrics in the second quarter are all at or above our long-term growth targets.
Now that we are halfway into the year, I wanted to put things into perspective by looking at our operating performance for the first half of 2014. It's important to note that on a year-to-date basis, all of our growth targets are in line with or above our long-term growth targets.

Our net sales of $1.6 billion increased 5% on both a reported and local currency basis, and of course, that includes approximately 1 percentage point of growth from Aromor. This is clearly within our long-term growth target of 4% to 6% organic growth.
Our adjusted gross margins also increased 130 basis points to 44.9%. Regarding adjusted operating profit, it increased 11% in the first 6 months of 2014, reflecting in part lower incentive compensation accruals. This equates to 110 basis point improvement in our operating profit to 20.2%. Finally, our adjusted diluted EPS increased 16% to $2.69 for the first 6 months of 2014, ahead of our long-term growth targets.
Turning to our research, selling and administrative costs. RSA, as a percent of sales, increased 30 basis points from 25% of sales to 25.3% of sales or an increase of $10 million. The primary drivers of the increase include Aromor-related cost, including operating and amortization and acquisition costs, investment in commercial resources to support our 3-pillar strategy, currency impacts and several discrete items. These higher expenses were partially offset by reduced incentive compensation accruals versus the very high levels in the second quarter of a year ago.
We remain focused on maintaining cost discipline while investing in R&D and other strategic growth opportunities. This quarter, R&D spending was 8.4% of sales versus 8.5% in the prior year. The prior year figure, as you may recall, includes an initial payment to Amyris, as well as other investments in research and development. Importantly, our emphasis on R&D has resulted in a stronger pipeline of innovation, and we continue to invest in our R&D platforms and the programs that support them. Our strong cash flow position and margins provides us with the continued flexibility to do so.
Turning to currency. Here, you see our customary chart showing the change and the strength of the euro relative to the dollar as the movement in the euro represents the large variable relative to currency impact on our results. As noted earlier, foreign exchange movements had a negligible impact on our top line growth.
As it relates to our adjusted operating profit and EPS results for the quarter, year-over-year currency impacts were positive. And at the operating profit line, we continue to proactively manage our gross margin profile through our cash flow hedging programs.
During Q2, we specifically benefited from a stronger U.S. dollar versus several of the emerging market currencies, which favorably impacted local expenses. Finally, EPS growth also benefited from the absence of foreign exchange losses and working capital, which we experienced in the second quarter of 2013 due to the high level of volatility in foreign exchange markets in the second quarter of last year. As a reminder, the 2014 -- for 2014, the majority of our euro exposure continues to be hedged at a rate of 1.32%, close to the full year average of 2013.
Turning to our cash flow. Our operating cash flow in the first half of 2014 was $154 million compared with an operating cash flow of $118 million in the prior year quarter. The prior year cash flow included a $30 million incremental U.S. pension contribution and the year-over-year increase reflects the $34 million improvement in net income, partially offset by increased incentive compensation payments in the first quarter of 2014 versus the first quarter of 2013. As a percent of sales, the current quarter operating cash flow is 9.9% of sales compared with 7.9% in the year-ago quarter.
Core working capital increased in absolute dollars to support business growth, however, declined on a percentage of sales basis and is on-track for targeted improvements that we outlined at the beginning of the year.

Turning to our capital structure. Capital spending for growth and infrastructure and newer technology continues to be our most important use of cash. Over the past 3 years, we have been investing approximately 4.5% of sales on adding capacity where it's needed to optimize our geographic footprint and to ensure that our proprietary technologies are available to our customers around the globe. We are also committed to returning capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Yesterday, our Board of Directors authorized a 21% increase or $0.08 in the quarterly dividend to $0.47 per share, up from the $0.39 per share a year ago. This dividend is payable on October 7 to shareholders of record as of September 25. Including this authorization, IFF's quarterly dividend payment will have grown by a compound annual growth rate of 15% over the last 4 years.
The current authorization importantly reflects the board's confidence in the company's ability to continue to execute on its 3-pillar strategy based on the notable progress we've made in expanding our geographic footprint, developing our R&D pipeline and improving the margin profile of our portfolio. The double-digit increase in the dividend also reflects our strong cash flow position. This enables us to maintain a competitive dividend yield, continue to execute against our share buyback program, all while maintaining a strong amount of financial flexibility to aggressively explore M&A opportunities.
Regarding our share buyback program. On a year-to-date basis, we have spent approximately $34 million on share buybacks. Total program spending since the first quarter of 2013 is $86 million through the end of the second quarter. Based on our programmatic share buyback program, we continue to expect that we will spend more on share buybacks in 2014 than we did in 2013.
Finally, as noted, we continue to evaluate business development opportunities. We are targeting those opportunities that would provide us with access to new technology, geography or business adjacency that would make strong strategic sense and leverage our expertise in science and technology. We have the financial flexibility to invest in both external business development activities, as well as our organic growth programs.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough
Thank you, Kevin, Mathias and Nicholas. As you've heard from our teams, we've had a good first half of the year with local currency sales growth of 5% and adjusted operating profit and earnings per share growth of 11% and 16%, respectively, all in line with or above our long-term targets. As you have heard, volume erosion on base business in Flavors put pressure on our top line growth despite a level of new wins that was in line with historical norms. We expect to see continued erosion in the third quarter in Flavors.
For the third quarter, we expect sales growth to be in line with our Q2 results as market conditions for Flavors will remain challenging. We expect to see continued gross margin expansion, but at a lower rate year-over-year, especially as we compare to the improved gross margin performance of the prior year and the improvements we saw in the first half of the year.
In addition, we are closely monitoring the input costs. And as Mathias and Nicolas indicated in their remarks, we expect to see some inflationary cost pressure around year end, which will have an impact on our 2015 P&L. As a result, we have been proactively working with customers on price increases to help mitigate these inflationary pressures. As to 2014, our current strategic initiatives and other cost savings should offset any cost increases in 2014.
Turning to the full year, given our current visibility, we now expect our full year local currency sales growth to be in the range of 4% to 6%. Our full year profitability metrics remain intact. Cost control and manufacturing efficiencies will continue to drive our operating profit growth. We are reconfirming our expectation for double-digit operating profit and earnings per share growth for the full year.

The investments we are making in R&D have resulted in a strong pipeline of innovation. We are confident that the commercialization of these technologies will result in continued sales growth and margin gains for the company.
As most of you know, in late May, we announced IFF's CEO Succession Plan. Effective September 1, I will be stepping down as Chief Executive Officer and will remain active as IFF's Chairman. I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at IFF but have always said that at some point, I would scale back my involvement to make time for other activities. I have just celebrated my 65th birthday and I am looking forward to doing other things, including more time with my family, children and grandchildren.
The board has selected Andreas Fibig as the next CEO of IFF. Andreas has been a member of our board since 2011 and has been actively involved in setting our strategy and charting a course for the future. Andreas comes to us from Bayer Pharmaceutical, where he has successfully introduced new pharmaceutical solutions and drove a profitable growth agenda. Importantly, he is known to the Board of Directors and to our senior management team who value his insight and his input. He understands the value of R&D and driving the innovation agenda, understands and help develop our emerging market strategy and has previous operating experience in the emerging markets. Finally, Andreas has a successful track record with merger and acquisitions and will be a great addition to IFF as the company looks to further drive its profitable growth strategy, both organically and through business development activities. We welcome him to IFF and look forward to working with him, and I look forward to introducing him to many of you.
Here are the key takeaways from our second quarter call. In summary, our overall growth of 4% in the second quarter and 5% year-to-date reflects strong results in Fragrances and mixed results in Flavors. Our sales growth slowed in Q2 on account of greater erosion on existing business. We expect to see continued erosion in the third quarter in Flavors, which has led us to reduce our full year top line sales forecast.
The breadth and diversity of our portfolio provides greater stability to absorb variations in a particular region, category or customer. We can really see how effective this business model was for us this quarter as our overall growth of 4% had some great success which offset areas of weakness.
The second quarter compares to our most challenging quarter in 2013 from a top line growth standpoint. We continue to believe strongly in our strategy and long-term growth potential, and we are positioning IFF for future success. Our commitment to innovation, portfolio enhancement and internal improvements support our strong gross margin profile. We remain focused on our 3 strategic pillars: Leveraging our geographic footprint, enhancing our innovation and maximizing our portfolio.
I thank you for your participation today on our Q2 earnings call, and we will now open up the call for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
I'm curious, given recent M&A in Flavors and Fragrances and adjacent categories, are there still value-accretive deals for IFF? And have you had to change the way you define value in terms of looking at that?
Douglas D. Tough
Good question, Mark. There's certainly been a recent spate of activity in a couple of areas. I think the broader question is, are there still opportunities there? And we believe the answer to that would be yes, conceivably both within the organic footprint, but also adjacencies which would leverage off the some of the skills and competencies we have, particularly in R&D. Some of the recent price points that have been achieved on a couple of the deals have certainly exceeded previous transactions, and that will weigh in on value. But I think as we've talked about in our 3-pillar strategy and the opportunities to continue to grow in the emerging markets as that middle class comes forward, we think there's still robust opportunity for growth. So it's not a prerequisite that we have M&A activity, but we are certainly, as Kevin pointed out, we have the financial firepower to do so if the opportunity presents itself, and we remain eager and we'll evaluate things. But you have used a critical word in there, which is, are there still value opportunities? And the economic profit discipline that we've instilled in the company will be germane to all the things we look at, and so we will have to have value in order to go forward. But we're confident there will be opportunities.

Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Got it, okay. And then just one follow-up for Matthias. Could you talk maybe a bit more about what's driving Flavors erosion? Is it large customers? Is it local customers? Is it specific categories of weakness? And maybe even talk about how that flowed through the quarter?
Matthias Haeni
Mark, this is Matthias speaking. As I tried to outline in the call, we had a significant erosion, particularly in North America. In North America, we were also up to significant comparables of last year as we have seen a few very large product introductions last year. These were seasonal, probably more trendy product launches, heavily supported by our customers and commercials. And we see in our shortfall versus prior year, approximately 2/3 of our shortfall is driven by a few select products and customers. Going into Q3, I think we will see some continued softness not only from these introductions and the comparables, but also from the market situation, which turned to be a bit more challenging, and that has also been supported and communicated by many of our customers.
Operator
Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division
I did just want to follow-up, I guess, first, on Asia. You've mentioned specifically that China and India were still quite strong, Thailand being the source of weakness. But just for the math to work, I mean Thailand is about, I think, 2% of company sales, which just seems like there may have been something else that was a drag, maybe it was a collection of things, but a little bit more color there would be really helpful.
Nicolas Mirzayantz
Lauren, this is Matthias speaking again. Thank you for your question. I really tried to outline in Asia. We had seen a mixed picture. We had seen China, India grow strongly and we have seen some challenges in Southeast Asia. Not only Thailand, which is very much impacted by geopolitical situations and unfavorable market situations. We have also seen some challenges in Indonesia in the second quarter. However, I would like to remind, in the first quarter in Indonesia, we had very strong double-digit growth, and we expect to see a normalized pattern going forward.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Okay. And then overall, at least in the way that I was modeling the quarter, North America actually was a little better than I expected. It was really EAME that kind of stood out as weaker-than-expected. At least as far as Western Europe goes, a lot of your customers, at least the publicly traded ones, have been talking about things maybe seeming a little bit better from a consumer standpoint there. So if maybe we could get a little bit of color on both Flavors and Fragrances, what you're seeing in Western Europe, and if the sources of weakness there was more developed or developing markets?
Matthias Haeni
This is Matthias again. In Western Europe, we experienced some of the challenges. I think it's not across-the-board. It is in a few -- with a few select customers. We keep on winning, thanks to our technology program, in particular, where we helped customers to reduce calories in products, but also to reduce sodium. We have a strong approach to pipeline, but as I outlined, we see some challenges relative to erosion of the business. Nicolas, do you maybe want to add something?
Nicolas Mirzayantz
Lauren, it's Nicolas here. I will separate, obviously, the trend in Fine Fragrance in the Consumer Goods. As you saw, we had a very strong Q1 in Fine Fragrance of plus 18%. I think it's more related to order patterns, which had affected our performance in Q2. So overall, 5% growth for the first 6 months, which is above market performance. So I think that it's there, but -- we obviously watch out the overall environment and the economic situation. When I look at Consumer Fragrances, we have seen some pocket, obviously, of instability in the region, especially Middle East, Africa but also Eastern Europe, which is impacting the demands on our customers affecting consumer demand, which has created some pocket of headwinds. So we're seeing some improvement as our customers are mentioning. Would it be a meaningful improvement? I don't expect so. But at least we will see some improvement. So it's really a mixed performance according to the countries or subregion that you're talking about.

Operator
Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
In terms of your outlook for 2014, from double-digit EPS growth, you don't really need a lot of growth in the second half to get there. Can you maybe give us a little bit of help of how you see the second half? I know you don't like to give guidance on a quarterly basis, but are you implying that maybe the second half isn't double digits because your first half was pretty impressive.
Kevin C. Berryman
Mike, this is Kevin. I'll make just a few comments. We don't imply anything as it relates to what the second half of the business actually looks like in terms of performance level, but I think the mere fact that we are calling for strong double-digit growth in both operating profit and the EPS, I think is indicative that, again, we feel that our second half of the year is going to warrant good performance. At the end of day, we do have, as outlined, kind of a reduction from what we would have originally said on the top line. We had a 5% to 7% range. Now, we're a 4% to 6%. That doesn't mean anything other than probably the high end of our range before is probably unlikely now. And so consequently, we continue to believe that we have a good second half of the year.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Right, great. And then a quick question on Fine Fragrances. Latin America still seems to be an area that continues to do well. I've heard Brazil is kind of a sore spot for some folks. Any worries there that, that business will slow down? Or do you have a pretty good backlog of new products to keep that momentum going as we head into the second half of the year?
Nicolas Mirzayantz
Mike, it's Nicolas again. As you know, last year, we had a very strong first half where we grew 29%, which was far above the market performance. Here, you saw that after some challenge, but it was mostly due to strong comp, minus 15% in Q1 versus plus 38% last year. We have a lag on new good growth, 14% above 20% last year. So we have a good strong pipeline of new wins. But it is fair to say that across categories, Brazil has faced some slower growth rate across customers and product categories. So our pipeline of new wins is strong, and now, it will be -- we have to see other market, and the consumer demand will develop in the next few months. But our performance related to the market is strong. Now, we'll have to see what will be the impact of overall consumer demand.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Okay, great. And one quick one in North America Flavors. In terms of the market sentiment, are customers opting not to launch as many new products as we head into the second half of the year? Or is it maybe some attrition of the base business that's maybe going away faster than you would have thought?
Matthias Haeni
This is Matthias speaking. Frankly, I cannot tell what our customers are going to launch in the second half of this year. I can tell you that we have a strong project pipeline. Our commercial performance, which means the wins are in line with historical levels, yet still need the pressure on a few select customers, and volume remains strong. And we firmly believe we have the ability to win. We have a significant project pipeline, a very strong innovation pipeline that will make a significant difference, which is a lasting difference for our customers and IFF.
Douglas D. Tough
Now this is just an augmentation to what Matthias is talking through. If you look at the top line in the second quarter, you -- our growth from the new wins continue to be very solid. Where we saw the weakness, as Matthias outlined, really is more Flavors-specific and it's the erosion on existing business, which Matthias has already outlined, and some of that is associated with some discrete items on specific customers. So there is some other general erosion that we've seen in Flavors, but the thing that is most important and what we're driving relative to our innovation programs continues to be robust, and we see that pipeline being -- continuing to look pretty solid.

Operator
Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. I was wondering if you can indicate how much of the gross margin contribution this quarter came from volume price mix and how much may have been from a favorable pricing over raw materials?
Kevin C. Berryman
We haven't disclosed that information, Silke, but ultimately, we had drivers of volume mix because of the amount of our growth was more limited this quarter. And especially, as a Nicolas outlined, mix was not as positive as it normally is because of the Fine Fragrance situation that he suggested, but we saw good cost reduction initiatives. We saw some benefits on net pricing, and there was some currency all were adding up to be some positives as it relates to the gross margin.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Okay. And in terms of the savings that you expect going forward, there are the benefits from the plant closure in Augusta, and my recollection is that was on an annual basis, maybe to deliver something like $6 million to $8 million. Do you think you may be able to get half of that in the second half? And what was the effect of the amortization expenses from Aromor that are falling away?
Kevin C. Berryman
The -- a couple of things. The $6 million to $8 million is still the expectation on an annual basis. So we would expect, given the timing of the closure, that we will get roughly half of that. Most of the costs as it relates to the acquisition, which we'll refer to, are really relative to the amortization cost. So those will be ongoing. Regardless, the net impact to Aromor on a total basis is immaterial within the context of the profitability of the company.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Okay. And then lastly, I guess ultimately, just like to revisit the North American Flavors issue one more time. So the comparisons are really -- in North American Flavors were very difficult. And I agree, your commentary wasn't different than what your competitors said. Though, in the second half, the comparisons are becoming noticeably easier. And so one of the question is, will you -- is there 1 more quarter of headwinds because there's something customer-specific? Or is it going to be 2 or 3 more quarters of headwinds?
Matthias Haeni
Well, I thank you for your question. We will see continued softness in the third quarter in North America. You are right. We see ease -- comparisons easing in the fourth quarter. And we also expect the third quarter to improve relative to our second quarter performance in North America Flavors.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Rohini Baza [ph] with Deutsche Bank.
Rohini Nair - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Rohini Nair from Deutsche Bank. Doug, wishing you all the best as you move on to the next adventure. A few more questions for me on North America Flavors. I guess I'd just love to understand whether you are actively taking any steps towards stemming this volume erosion that you're talking about? Or is it just that you eventually anticipate an improvement in the consumer environment? Along with that, what are you seeing from those specific challenged customers that you think they can improve on? Is it that their new product development is really not up to par? Are they not managing their inventories correctly? It'd just be great to have your thoughts around that.
Matthias Haeni
I think in North America, as we see some pressure overall in the market, we see more and more customers also being very cautious in product launches, and cautiousness is often the result of the seasonal launches. And if the seasonal launch is not going to be a big success, they will take it off the market. I think we see and we'll see continued situations in North America where very large customers are bringing a so-called limited time offerings to the market. We see it in many of the categories. And if this limited time offerings are not very strongly supported by commercials and marketing advertisements, you will see erosion quickly. Now I'm confident that with the project pipeline, which we have, and what we are working with our customers, we are working much more on iconic brands again, brands which are in the marketplace for quite some time, extensions of brands which will stay for a longer period of time. And it remains to be seen what we will get as new product launches in the fourth quarter. We have some visibility on the third one and we feel confident. As for the fourth and beyond, we will see what type of dynamics we are going to experience.

Douglas D. Tough
I would just want to build on something Matthias said, which is in the context of what are the actions being taken, and there's probably a couple. There's obviously a financial discipline associated with cost and investments. But we actually see some significant opportunities in the North American market, particularly with some customers. So both account management and focus on innovation, as well as opening of offices to support these customers, that's actually on our horizon because of the confidence we have in the innovation pipeline. So there's as much, if not more, offensive-based activities as they are defensive in terms of returning the business in North America to growth.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
That's helpful. If I could have just one quick follow-up. Those categories that you're seeing that are weak, is it basically across-the-board, Sweet, Savory, Dairy, Beverage, or are you seeing it more concentrated?
Matthias Haeni
I think it is more concentrated towards Savory and Beverages. And we keep on making very good inroads in other categories. I -- the isolated cases I was referring to from last year, they're in probably 2 categories only, and this is mainly related to Beverages.
Operator
Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC
Just one question I had. With some of the pressures in developed markets, Flavors business specifically, what's the competitive landscape end like? Has there been an uptick in bid activity or in competitive shuffling, as presumably, your competitors in Flavors are feeling some of the trends you're feeling right now? And to the extent you could mention the pricing environment as it relates to that competitive activity, I'd appreciate it.
Matthias Haeni
I think the -- I tried to outline -- we see some pressure in North America. We see some pressure in Western Europe. Nevertheless, given our opportunity and ability, coupled with the very strong project pipeline and our innovation programs, we are obviously -- these opportunities materializing for us very positively going forward. We have a lot offer to our customers. And what our offering is not only adding great flavors. In our offering, we also are in the position to add taste to products, and with taste, we are also, at the same time, engineering, together with customers, on lower-cost recipes for their own consumers. So overall, I'm very confident that we see opportunities in both in the developed markets, but also in the developing markets, and our growth and model and growth thesis remains strong. And we have a very sound, solid foundation in the Flavors business unit.
Operator
Your next question comes from Edward Yang.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
A question on pricing and raw materials. What percentage type of price increases do you need from your customers to offset some of the raw material prices -- pressures you're seeing?
Kevin C. Berryman
Ed, this is Kevin. We haven't disclosed that. And as you know, at the end of the year, when we talk to our Q4 results, we'll give a perspective on what the expected inflation levels are, and that may give you a better indication as to what kind of pricing may be required to help offset that pressure. But at the end of the day, we don't believe that we're faced -- just to make a few comments, we don't believe we're faced with the situation back in 2011, where we had double-digit input cost, but we do fundamentally believe that there are areas where we're going to have to take pricing to help offset input cost pressure beginning in 2015. So we'll talk more about that at the end of the year during our Q4 call. But not to be an alarmist, there's no need for us to be thinking along the lines of what would have happened in 2011. Your competitors will also, I would assume, be taking the same kind of positions because they'll be interested in trying to recover some of the input cost pressures they would see as well.

Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Got it, and that's helpful, Kevin. And along that vein, I'm still -- I am surprised that you are talking about raw material pressures because, in general, it doesn't seem like the raw environment or the commodity environment is necessarily very heated right now. Raw material price pressures, are they driven by capacity reductions in certain areas, or drought, because I don't really see energy prices up all that much. And are there any offsets -- you mentioned naturals as the place where you're seeing raw material pressures, but in synthetics, are you seeing price declines to offset some of those pressures?
Kevin C. Berryman
I think that you're right. The good thing about the diversity of our spend is that there's often times pieces of the portfolio that will go up, and it's often times offset to at least, to some extent, by other pieces of the portfolio that will go down. I would say the one area, and you've already outlined it, which we expect to in general have higher levels, is in the naturals area. We've already called out in the past, Citrus, as one particular area where we know that there's going to be some increases versus our current levels, and there's a few others. But in general, the majority of the pressure points are seen in the naturals area. There would be some others in the Fragrance Ingredients side, but ultimately, it's more in the naturals area at this particular point in time. And that's where we are focusing most of our discussions with our customers right now in terms of those future price increases.
Operator
Our next question comes from Sarah Donnelly with Gabelli & Co.
Sarah Donnelly - G. Research, Inc.
I just wanted to ask about some of the weakness which you mentioned in Savory and Beverages. Can you just talk a little bit about demand and the technology you have around sodium and sugar substitution and whether that continues to drive demand around new product or project -- your new product pipeline in North America and how it's impacting it globally?
Matthias Haeni
Yes, Sarah, this is Matthias again. I mentioned before, in North America we have seen pressure on few select customers. So it's not across the Savory market or it's not across the Beverage market. Where we have seen pressure are product introductions that were very trendy, very fashionable, heavily supported last year. And also, we have seen our customers building up inventory for such a significant launch. And this is why we are also coming under pressure relative to last year's performance. Coming into the project pipeline, I mentioned to you before, we have a very strong project pipeline in both of what you've described in sodium, as well as in sweetness or in calorie reduction. We are very active, actively engaged with our customers with large global accounts, as well as with regional accounts to take calories out of recipes, not only in beverages but also in other product offerings, in other categories. And we got very positive response. And our win rate typically is significantly higher once we can allocate technology into the recipe design with our customers.
Operator
Your next question is a follow-up question from Mark Astrachan.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
I wanted to go back to the earlier M&A question. Curious how you would describe your customers' reception to your competitors to do more business with those that have engaged in M&A and sort of adjacent categories and offering more of a one-stop shop, so in other words, you go beyond Flavors and Fragrances. Are customers more or less willing to engage with them? And how do they sort of think about things broadly, their reception to those deals?

Douglas D. Tough
Well, it's a broad question, Mark, and maybe I'll take the first swing at it and then Matthias can weigh in with some second thoughts. It seems to be a bit of a mixed bag. Some -- there will be a certain degree of receptivity from some customers, probably smaller ones who are looking for a one-stop shop, but almost to the contrary, some of the other larger ones have unbundled things and aren't necessarily looking for that opportunity for a one-stop shop, and as I say to the country, actually going the other direction. So I think it's certainly early to tell. Some companies have that as their business model. It's not the IFF business model that would be the one-stop shop. Matthias, do you want to say anything?
Matthias Haeni
I can echo what Doug outlined. I think medium-sized, or probably small-sized companies, they will appreciate a total product offering. It helps them in the facilitation of their recipe engineering, recipe design. And they also got a lot of probably additional technical advices from companies offering a total solution. When it comes to larger and above all, global accounts, they would typically ask you, Mark, to unbundle your total solutions and systems as they want to have control over individual ingredients and there will be very limited appreciation for what we think is the total solution for it. It may change from account to account. But if you want the experience, then this is what we are working with our customers on.
Operator
And there are no further questions at this time. I would now turn the call back over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough
Thank you very much, operator. Thank you, all, for your participation on our Q2 call. And we'll look forward to our discussion in early November with our Q3 results. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Basic Materials, Specialty Chemicals, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All IFF TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Credit Suisse Group's (CS) CEO Tidjane Thiam on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Domtar (UFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LYB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CVR Partners' (UAN) CEO Mark Pytosh on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UAN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Camden Property's (CPT) CEO Ric Campo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BASF's (BASFY) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BASFY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




West Bancorporation's (WTBA) CEO Dave Nelson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WTBA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invesco's (IVZ) CEO Martin Flanagan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVZ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




YIT's (YITYY) CEO Kari Kauniskangas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


YITYY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Boise Cascade's (BCC) CEO Tom Corrick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cray's (CRAY) CEO Peter Ungaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CRAY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Corporate Office Properties Trust's (OFC) CEO Steve Budorick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ferro Corporation's (FOE) CEO Peter Thomas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FOE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:36 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ventas' (VTR) CEO Debra Cafaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VTR•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




GSI Technology's (GSIT) CEO Lee-Lean Shu on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GSIT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Independent Bank Corp's (IBCP) CEO Brad Kessel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IBCP•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Live Oak Bancshares' (LOB) CEO Chip Mahan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LOB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen Insurance Holdings' (AHL) CEO Chris O'Kane on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AHL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MBT Financial's (MBTF) CEO Doug Chaffin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBTF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sonic Automotive (SAH) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAH•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Essex Property Trust's (ESS) CEO Michael Schall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ESS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CalAtlantic Group's (CAA) CEO Larry Nicholson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carter's (CRI) CEO Michael Casey on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CRI•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




NTT DoCoMo's (DCM) CEO Kazuhiro Yoshizawa on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DCM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




DSP Group's (DSPG) CEO Ofer Elyakim on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DSPG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acacia Research's (ACTG) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACTG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Universal Logistics Holdings' (ULH) CEO Jeff Rogers on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ULH•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Flowserve Corporation's (FLS) CEO Scott Rowe on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FLS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LAFARGEHOLCIM's (HCMLY) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCMLY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  7:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Taubman Centers' (TCO) CEO Robert Taubman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TCO•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  7:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4457Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
Basic Materials and Energy Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Basic Materials and Energy StocksFerro Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFOE• Today, 8:41 PM • SA TranscriptsConocoPhillips' Q2 Shock And AweCOP• Today, 4:21 PM • Callum Turcan•2 CommentsHummingbird Resources Is Getting Ready To FlyHUMRF• Today, 4:12 PM • Kevin Vlerick•2 CommentsNew Gold's Shares Should Experience Significant Near-Term GainsNGD• Today, 4:00 PM • Peter Arendas•4 CommentsEnsco's Second-Quarter Results: A Bottom Or A Negative Trend?ESV• Today, 3:57 PM • Fun Trading•16 CommentsStatoil: Clearly Undervalued With Oil At ~$50STO• Today, 3:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•8 CommentsChevron: When To ReassessCVX• Today, 3:13 PM • Quad 7 Capital•9 CommentsIAMGOLD Corporation (IAG) Updates on Rosebel Reserves and Resources - SlideshowIAG• Today, 2:13 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsCompañía de Minas Buenaventura S.A.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBVN• Today, 2:08 PM • SA TranscriptsCGG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCGG• Today, 1:39 PM • SA TranscriptsBarrick Gold: Is It Time To Buy?ABX• Today, 12:21 PM • Gold Mining Bull•10 CommentsWhiting Still Reeling From Kodiak Acquisition's Massive DebtWLL• Today, 12:14 PM • HiddenValueInvestor•14 CommentsTeck: An Extremely Good InvestmentTECK• Today, 11:47 AM • KMP Ideas•2 CommentsOMNOVA Solutions: Is The Bull Case Set To Play Out?OMN• Today, 11:16 AM • Vince MartinExxon Mobil: This Is Most InterestingXOM• Today, 11:05 AM • Quad 7 Capital•20 CommentsAltaGas: Strong Q2 Results, Still Time To Buy This 7.2% Dividend Growth StockATGFF• Today, 10:58 AM • Ploutos Investing•18 CommentsKatanga Mining - A View On Its Balance Sheet And Latest NewsKATFF• Today, 10:39 AM • Marcel Lange•3 CommentsHigher Oil Prices Might Not Be Enough To Save The Big Oil DividendBP, CVX, RDS.A• Today, 10:15 AM • Mantas Skardzius, CFA•10 CommentsLyondellBasell Industries N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLYB• Today, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsCabot Oil & Gas Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCOG• Today, 9:48 AM • SA TranscriptsYamana Gold Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAUY• Today, 9:05 AM • SA Transcripts3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•18 CommentsQuaker Chemical Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKWR• Today, 8:30 AM • SA TranscriptsCliffs Q2 2017 Earnings: A Cut To Guidance AgainCLF• Today, 2:52 AM • Avi Danda•9 CommentsBarrick: Back On TrackABX• Today, 2:05 AM • Samuel Smith•10 CommentsMPLX LP 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMPLX• Today, 1:55 AM • SA TranscriptsNewmont Mining: 2nd Quarter 2017 Blows Away ExpectationsNEM• Today, 1:03 AM • Fun Trading•6 CommentsVale S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVALE• Yesterday, 11:49 PM • SA Transcripts2 Fast-Growing, High-Yielding, Ludicrously Undervalued MLPs That Can Make You Very RichGLOP, MPLX• Yesterday, 11:15 PM • Dividend Sensei•31 CommentsTOTAL S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTOT• Yesterday, 10:41 PM • SA TranscriptsTaseko Mines: New Prosperity Remains A Long ShotTGB• Yesterday, 8:36 PM • Elephant Analytics•2 CommentsGoldcorp Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGG• Yesterday, 7:40 PM • SA TranscriptsCameco Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCCJ• Yesterday, 7:19 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsTeck Resources Limited 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTECK• Yesterday, 6:05 PM • SA TranscriptsSchlumberger: Stay CautiousSLB• Yesterday, 5:34 PM • Sarfaraz A. KhanAnadarko Petroleum Could Have A Cash Flow ProblemAPC• Yesterday, 5:31 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•1 CommentArcelorMittal 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMT• Yesterday, 5:28 PM • SA TranscriptsIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•17 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Yesterday, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•4 CommentsSunCoke Energy 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSXC• Yesterday, 3:20 PM • SA TranscriptsCVR Energy, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCVI• Yesterday, 3:18 PM • SA TranscriptsFission Uranium (FCUUF) Presents At Sprott Natural Resource Symposium - SlideshowFCUUF• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • SA Transcripts•6 CommentsKlondex Mines (KLDX) Presents At Sprott Natural Resource Symposium - SlideshowKLDX• Yesterday, 3:04 PM • SA TranscriptsYou're Doing Commodities Wrong: In Favor Of Global Natural Resource ETFsGNR, GRES, GUNR• Yesterday, 2:41 PM • Casey SmithGasLog Partners LP 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGLOP• Yesterday, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsPotash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPOT• Yesterday, 2:35 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentWill Weak Guidance Hurt National Oilwell Varco?NOV• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • Shock Exchange•5 CommentsGoldcorp: What To Do NowGG• Yesterday, 2:06 PM • Gold Mining Bull•21 CommentsDecent Oil Service Earnings Fail To Perk Up ETFsIEZ, XLE, OIH• Yesterday, 1:48 PM • Zacks Funds•1 CommentNew Gold Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNGD• Yesterday, 1:16 PM • SA TranscriptsEnsco-Atwood Merger: 8% Arbitrage Opportunity Not Worth The RiskATW, ESV• Yesterday, 11:50 AM • Vladimir Zernov•16 CommentsPotash Recovery UnderwayPOT• Yesterday, 11:38 AM • Vladimir Zernov•9 CommentsSunCoke Energy Partners 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSXCP• Yesterday, 11:17 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsSherritt International Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSHERF• Yesterday, 10:52 AM • SA TranscriptsAnadarko's Q2 Results May Be Indicative Of Bad Quarter For Entire Shale PatchAPC• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • Zoltan Ban•4 CommentsRoyal Dutch Shell plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRDS.A• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • SA TranscriptsPraxair, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPX• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • SA TranscriptsQEP Resources, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesQEP• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • SA TranscriptsWhiting Petroleum: Completion Schedule Explains Weak Q2 Production, But Leverage Remains A ChallengeEditors' Pick • WLL• Yesterday, 10:39 AM • Richard Zeits•16 CommentsMarathon Petroleum Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMPC• Yesterday, 10:39 AM • SA TranscriptsCarpenter Technology Corp 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCRS• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • SA TranscriptsGibraltar Industries, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesROCK• Yesterday, 10:24 AM • SA TranscriptsHuntsman Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHUN• Yesterday, 10:22 AM • SA TranscriptsCrescent Point Energy Corp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPG• Yesterday, 10:12 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsTurquoise Hill Resources: Catalysts Align In Its FavorTRQ• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • Gary Bourgeault•4 CommentsChevron: Earnings PreviewCVX• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•5 CommentsTransocean: It's All About The Credit FacilityRIG• Yesterday, 9:34 AM • Vladimir Zernov•10 CommentsSeadrill Partners: Negative Scenario Risk IncreasesSDLP• Yesterday, 9:29 AM • Vladimir Zernov•15 CommentsW.R. Grace & Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGRA• Yesterday, 9:27 AM • SA TranscriptsKraton Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKRA• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsWhiting Petroleum's Redtail Wells In Colorado Are A Serious Red Flag For Equity InvestorsEditors' Pick • WLL• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • Bookvalue Hunter•28 CommentsCliffs Natural Resources Smashes Analyst EstimatesCLF• Yesterday, 9:11 AM • Vladimir Zernov•137 CommentsFMC Technologies, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFTI• Yesterday, 9:02 AM • SA TranscriptsEarnings Mark End Of Marathon Oil's Quiet PeriodMRO• Yesterday, 9:02 AM • Callum Turcan•6 CommentsEnterprise Products Exporting Profits To InvestorsEPD• Yesterday, 8:54 AM • Callum Turcan•23 Comments123456...713Next Page





 



Doug Tough to Assume Role as IFF Chairman & CEO Effective March 1, 2010 | Business Wire
























































Doug Tough to Assume Role as IFF Chairman & CEO Effective March 1, 
      2010






February 17, 2010 06:25 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE: IFF), a leading global 
      creator of flavors and fragrances for consumer products, today announced 
      that current Non-Executive Chairman, Douglas D. Tough, will assume the 
      role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer effective March 1, 2010.
    


      “As I begin my journey as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 
      International Flavors & Fragrances, I am excited to lead our 
      organization into the next decade and leverage the enormous 
      opportunities that exist for such a dynamic Company,” said Doug Tough. 
      “Throughout its long history, IFF’s strong credentials across a range of 
      critical factors have provided the Company with a winning heritage. 
      Going forward, I will look to work with the talented team to create an 
      even brighter future for IFF and all its constituents.”
    

      Doug Tough continued, “I am extremely grateful to the senior leadership 
      team as well as all our employees for their focus during the recent 
      transition period. In a challenging economic environment, they were able 
      to make fundamental enhancements that drove improved performance over 
      the second half of 2009. I am also grateful to my colleagues on the IFF 
      Board for their support and counsel. I look forward to leading this 
      outstanding team through the next phase of IFF’s growth.”
    

      Doug Tough, a proven consumer products executive, joined the Board of 
      IFF in October 2008. He has been CEO of Australia-based Ansell Limited 
      for nearly six years. Prior to Ansell, he had a 17-year career with 
      Cadbury Schweppes Plc where he held a variety of senior positions 
      overseeing consumer products divisions both in the U.S. and abroad.
    

About IFF


      International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE: IFF), is a leading global 
      creator of flavors and fragrances used in a wide variety of consumer 
      products and packaged goods. Consumers experience these unique scents 
      and tastes in fine fragrances and beauty care, detergents and household 
      goods, as well as beverages, confectionery and food products. The 
      Company leverages its competitive advantages of brand understanding and 
      consumer insight combined with its focus on R&D and innovation, to 
      provide customers with differentiated product offerings. A member of the 
      S&P 500 Index, IFF has sales, manufacturing and creative facilities in 
      32 countries worldwide. For more information, please visit our website 
      at www.iff.com.
    






Contacts

      Investor & Media Relations:International Flavors & FragrancesMichael 
      DeVeau, 212-708-7164
    

















Contacts

      Investor & Media Relations:International Flavors & FragrancesMichael 
      DeVeau, 212-708-7164
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Douglas D Tough - Ridgefield, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Douglas D Tough in Ridgefield, CT


Douglas D Tough

                                                Intelius found that Douglas D Tough  is  a male from Ridgefield, CT.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                0 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Douglas Has Lived In

Ridgefield, CT
Decatur, GA
New York, NY

Douglas's Relatives

Elizabeth Tough
John Tough
Kristi Tough
Jennifer Tough







Douglas D Tough



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at FirstRain Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Douglas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Douglas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Douglas D Tough
Get a Criminal Check on Douglas D Tough
Get a Public Record Report on Douglas D Tough
Get a People Search Report on Douglas D Tough


Douglas D Tough's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Douglas D Tough has lived as well as Douglas D Tough's phone numbers and email addresses.




Douglas D Tough Has Lived in 4 States
Connecticut Address for Douglas D Tough


34 G******** D* 

Ridgefield, CT


Has Lived In

Ridgefield, CT
Decatur, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Douglas D Tough



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Douglas D Tough



Get Email Report




Douglas D Tough's Professional Information
Information regarding Douglas D Tough's professional history.  Find out previous places Douglas D Tough has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Douglas D Tough Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: FirstRain Inc
               Title: Board Member
Company: Pine Chemicals Association Inc
               Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Douglas D Tough's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: FirstRain Inc
Job Details
               FirstRain is the leading provider of search-driven research used by investment and corporate professionals. We help our clients to generate ideas, identify and follow trends, and ask and answer more effective questions. FirstRain combines cutting-edge technology with models of business concepts, companies and topics in their market context to personalize the service for the user so they receive only the information that is relevant to them. We give professionals an information advantage.
Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Pine Chemicals Association Inc
Job Details
               The Pine Chemicals Association (PCA) is a global association whose members create significant value by taking a natural renewable resource from pine trees and providing a reliable supply of environmentally responsible, high quality specialty chemicals and their derivatives to customers worldwide.  PCA accomplishes its Mission by: Providing a global forum and resources for monitoring, proactively influencing, and timely responding to appropriate legislative, environmental, regulatory and safety issues. Goals: Embrace principles of Responsible Care®.  Influence appropriate regulation to insure that they are based on sound science and factual understanding of risk, costs, and benefits.  Establish and maintain a global structure which allows PCA to respond efficiently to world industry issues.  These goals will be accomplished by:Assembling factual information and providing the appropriate structure to assist the members and represent the industry.  Increasing quantity and improving quality of pine chemicals. Goals: Promote increased recovery of improved quality crude tall oil and crude sulfate turpentine.  Promote increased recovery and improved quality of gum rosin, gum turpentine, and wood rosin.  Enhance relationships with raw material suppliers to promote the value of pine chemicals.  These goals will be accomplished by:Sponsoring programs and providing information on pine chemical production and recovery technology.  Enhancing member commercial and global networking opportunities. Goals: Sponsor an annual international conference. Conduct an annual business meeting.  Generate and disseminate appropriate industry information.  Provide and maintain industry technical reference publications.  These goals will be accomplished by: Sponsoring annual conferences and meetings.  Creating publications on industry activity and technical reference information. Ensuring sustainable value for its members. Goals: Promote a positive image of the industry. (Customer, Suppliers, Communities, and Governmental Agencies).  Develop and maintain membership expansion and retention programs.  Promote full participation of all members.  These goals will be accomplished by: Promoting a positive image of the industry.  Expanding global membership. Providing programs to ensure active participation from all members.  Home | About Us | History | Login | Contact Us
Additional Professional Information on Douglas D Tough

 See Douglas D Tough's LinkedIn Profile



Douglas D Tough's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Douglas D Tough


Douglas D Tough's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Douglas D Tough's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Douglas Tough
Username Matches

                  DouglasTough
                  ToughDouglas
                  Douglas.Tough
                  Tough.Douglas
                  Douglas_Tough
                  Tough_Douglas
                  Douglas-Tough
                  Tough-Douglas
                  DTough
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Tough







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Movies & TV - Walmart.comSkip HeadermenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesMoviesAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesSkip To Next SectionShop by CategoryMoviesuse right arrow to open the sub menuAction & AdventureAnime & AnimationChildren & FamilyClassicsComedyDocumentaryDramaForeignHorrorIndependentMusic & PerformanceMystery & SuspenseReligion & SpiritualityRomanceSci-Fi & FantasyTeenWar & MilitaryWesternsBlu-rayuse right arrow to open the sub menuAction & AdventureAnime & AnimationBlu-rays from $10Children & FamilyClassicsComedyDocumentaryDramaFeatured Blu-rayForeignHorrorMusic & PerformanceMystery & SuspenseOnly at Walmart - First Time on Blu-rayRomanceSci-Fi & FantasySportsTelevisionWar & MilitaryWesternsTV Showsuse right arrow to open the sub menuAction & AdventureAnime & AnimationBig Bang TheoryBox SetsChildren & FamilyClassicsComedyDocumentariesDramaHealth & FitnessMiniseriesMysteriesReality ShowsSci-Fi & FantasyScience & TechnologyShop by ChannelShop by TV SeriesSpecial InterestSportsWar & PoliticsDisneyInstawatchuse right arrow to open the sub menuShop InstawatchComplete Series Box Sets & CollectionsUnder $5Walmart ExclusivesInstant Video Streaming by Vuduuse right arrow to open the sub menuActionAdventureCBSComedyCrimeDocumentaryDramaFamilyFocus FeaturesForeignHistoricalHorrorMusic & MusicalNickelodeonOtherRomanceSci-Fi & FantasySuspenseTV ShowsWar & WesternHarry Potter4K Ultra HD MoviesStar WarsSee more categoriesWhat's NewNew ReleasesPreorders4K ResolutionBest SellersCustomer Favorites$5 DVDsAnimeAvengersDisneyFrozenMovie TrailersStar WarsPopular in Movies & TVInstawatch MoviesHalloween MoviesGifts for Boyfriend/husbandComic Con Movies & Comic BooksComic Con MoviesKultur Video CollectionAnime MoviesPBS Direct CollectionGo to previous slide, 0 of 4Go to next slide, 2 of 4Carousel Page 1 of 4 activeCarousel Page 2 of 4 falseCarousel Page 3 of 4 falseCarousel Page 4 of 4 falsepause slide animationShop by categorySkip to end of linksNew ReleasesPreordersDVDTV ShowsOnly at WalmartInstawatchKids & Family MoviesVUDUGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaNShop movies by priceSkip to end of links$3.74 Movies$5 Movies$7.50 Movies$7.88 Blu-rays$9.96 Movies$12.96 Blu-rays$12.96 MoviesGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaNShop Blu-ray dealsSee allSkip to end of links$7.88Pan's Labyrinth (Blu-ray + Digital HD With UltraViolet) (With INSTAWATCH) (Walmart Exclusive)Average rating:5out of5stars, based on4reviews4ratings2-Day Shipping$7.88The Shawshank Redemption (Blu-ray + Digital HD) (With INSTAWATCH) (Walmart Exclusive)Average rating:5out of5stars, based on2reviews2ratings2-Day Shipping$7.88List Price$14.98Save$7.10Kelly's Heroes / Where Eagles Dare (Blu-ray)Average rating:4.4out of5stars, based on5reviews5ratings2-Day Shipping$7.88List Price$13.66Save$5.78Focus (Blu-ray + DVD + Digital HD With UltraViolet)2-Day Shippingfrom$5.00Drive (Blu-ray) (With INSTAWATCH) (Anamorphic Widescreen)2-Day Shipping$7.88The Great Gatsby (Blu-ray + Digital HD With UltraViolet) (Walmart Exclusive) (With INSTAWATCH)Average rating:5out of5stars, based on1reviews1ratings2-Day Shippingfrom$5.00Gremlins (Blu-ray) (With INSTAWATCH) (With INSTAWATCH)Average rating:4.3333out of5stars, based on3reviews3ratings2-Day Shipping$12.73Romancing The Stone / Jewel Of The Nile (Blu-ray) (Widescreen)Average rating:5out of5stars, based on2reviews2ratings2-Day ShippingGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaNEnjoy a viewing marathon with great movies and TV What could be more relaxing than sitting down to watch a great movie or to catch up on a TV show after a long day at work? Whether you're a movie buff or prefer to binge-watch TV shows, Walmart has you covered with a wide selection of entertainment options. Browse for your favorite movies and TV shows and discover new titles you'll love. Which format is best? you'll find DVD and Blu-ray movies while browsing through the selection offered by Walmart. DVDs can be played on DVD players, gaming systems and on laptops. Blu-rays can be played on Blu-ray players and on gaming systems. The main difference between the DVD and Blu-ray formats is the amount of storage space on the discs. A DVD can store 4.6GB of data while Blu-ray discs can store 25GB of data and 50GB of data for the dual layer discs. Blu-rays typically have a better audio and video quality and come with more extras compared to DVDs. If you have a TV with 4K, HD or 3D features, Blu-rays will be the best way to enjoy your TV. You can also find many movies that include a DVD and a Blu-ray disc. How can I browse for movies? Browsing for movies is very easy, whether you're looking for your all-time favorite classics or for new releases. Blockbusters and franchises such as Star Wars, Power Rangers or the Fast and the Furious should be prominently featured, but you can also browse by genre if you're looking to expand your movie and TV collection. Check out the selection of Disney movies if you have young children, and take a look at the Harry Potter and Star Wars sections if you're a fan of sci-fi and fantasy. Movies are organized by genres such as animated movies, action, crime, drama, horror or romance among many others so you can easily find what you're looking for. How can I find my favorite TV shows? Owning your favorite TV shows on DVD or Blu-ray is ideal if you like to rewatch episodes. You can actually buy the latest season of your favorite show as soon as it comes out instead of catching the episodes as they air on TV. Check out the TV section to find the latest TV shows or browse by network. If you have a favorite TV show, use the search bar to find seasons available on DVD and Blu-ray or to find a boxset of the entire show. How can I discover new movies and shows I will like? There are different ways to discover new entertainment options. If you're shopping with a budget in mind, take a look at the $5 DVDs section or shop Blu-ray by price. This is a great way to find classics you have always wanted to own and to give new movies a chance. you'll find some fun double features, some recent releases and some timeless classics at Everyday Low Prices. You can also browse for movies and shows by genre, look up actors, actresses and directors or take a look at the customers favorite section if you want to find out which movies and shows are popular. How can I find the latest movies and TV shows? The best sellers section is a great place to find popular movies and TV shows. Recent releases usually end up in this section but so do classics when they're first released on Blu-ray or DVD. Walmart has a new releases section so you can easily see the latest movies that were released. You can even preorder Blu-ray and DVDs before their initial release if you want to add a movie to your collection as soon as it becomes available. If you recently purchased a 4K TV, check out the 4K resolution section to see the latest movies available in this format. what's InstaWatch and VUDU? Many DVDs and Blu-ray offered by Walmart come with a digital version of the movie. These digital movies are available by a VUDU service called InstaWatch. You can then stream your movies on a laptop, on a gaming system, on a Blu-ray player or via a VUDU Spark stick. You can also use your VUDU account to buy digital versions of movies and shows or to simply rent content. This feature allows you to watch your movies on more devices and to watch your movies and shows right away if you decide to order online.Show moreElectrode, Comp-147366609, DC-prod-dfw1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-1.16.0, SHA-a61be39c429b9ad89de35da485c799e426355f1c, CID-


Kc Sales Tough Guys-kirk Douglas [dvd/3 Dvd Tin] - Walmart.commenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesKc Sales Tough Guys-kirk Douglas [dvd/3 Dvd Tin]Average rating:out of5stars, based onreviewsWrite a reviewratingsQ&AUnratedshare on facebookshare on twittershare on pinterestThis button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.HighlightsKc Sales Tough Guys-kirk Douglas [dvd/3 Dvd Tin] Read more.... Tell us if something is incorrect$18.19$18.19Sold & shipped by Beach Audio IncFree shippingOr get it by Aug 2 with faster shipping optionsShipping optionsFree pickup not available from this sellerChoose a store Free pickup not available from this sellerQty: 1123456789101112123456789101112Add to CartFree shippingOr get it by Aug 2 with faster shipping optionsShipping optionsFree pickup not available from this sellerChoose a store Free pickup not available from this sellerTell us if something is incorrectAbout this itemKc Sales Tough Guys-kirk Douglas [dvd/3 Dvd Tin]BackAbout this itemDisclaimer: While we aim to provide accurate product information,
        it is provided by manufacturers,
        suppliers and others, and has not been verified by us. See our disclaimer. Studio 1: Kc Sales  Video Release Date: 2006-07-04   Studio 1: Kc Sales   Video Release Date: 2006-07-04    SpecificationsDirectorVictor SchertzingerDuration720ActorsKirk Douglas, Eve Miller, Patrice Wymore, Edgar Buchanan, Laraine Day, Keenan Wynn, Helen Walker, Rudy Vallee, Florence Bates, Barbara StanwyckRelease Date06/05/2007Show moreQuestions & Answers0 questionGet specific details about this product from customers who own it.BackQuestions & AnswersNo question have been asked yet. If you want to know something about this product, post your question here for others to answer.Ask A QuestionReviewsCustomer reviews0 reviewsAverage rating:0out of5stars, based onreviewsBe the first to review this item!Write a reviewRead all  reviewsCloseShared by Added Policies & PlansSee any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.BackGifting plansGift options are not available for this item.Pricing policyAbout our pricesWe're committed to providing low prices every day, on everything. So if you find a current lower price from an online retailer on an identical, in-stock product, tell us and we'll match it. See more details atOnline Price Match.Electrode, Comp-169673239, DC-prod-dal4, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-19.8.3-rc-1, SHA-d2b768f7ab483e4ceb448701a71b00dac63d57ee, CID-


Movies - Walmart.comSkip HeadermenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesMoviesAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesSkip To Next SectionShop by CategoryChildren & Familyuse right arrow to open the sub menu2 - 4 Years5 - 7 Years8 - 10 YearsAdventureAnimalsAnime for ChildrenCartoonsClassicsComediesDisneyDreamworksFamily DramaFamily Sci-Fi & FantasyHolidaysKids' TVPreschoolSesame StreetTeen ComediesTeen DramasTeen RomanceAction & Adventureuse right arrow to open the sub menuAction ClassicsAction ComediesAction DramaAction ThrillersCrime ActionEspionage ActionMartial ArtsMilitary & War ActionRomanceUrban ActionWesternsDramause right arrow to open the sub menuCourtroomCrimeMilitary & PoliticalPeriod PiecesRomanticSportsTearjerkersUrban DramasSci-Fi & Fantasyuse right arrow to open the sub menuActionAlienChildren & FamilyClassic Sci-FiComedyFantasyFuturisticStar TrekStar WarsComedyuse right arrow to open the sub menuBritish ComedyCult ClassicsDark ComedyRomantic ComediesSatireSlapstickSports ComediesStand-UpUrban ComediesHorroruse right arrow to open the sub menuAll HorrorClassicsCreatures & MonstersSlasher FilmsSupernaturalTeenVampiresTeenuse right arrow to open the sub menuComedyComing of AgeDramaHorrorRomanceAnime & Animationuse right arrow to open the sub menuAnime ActionAnime ComedyAnime DramaAnime FantasyAnime for ChildrenAnime HorrorAnime Sci-FiCartoonsDisneyClassicsuse right arrow to open the sub menuClassic ComediesClassic DramasClassic Sci-FiClassic ThrillersClassic War StoriesClassic WesternsEpicsWesternsuse right arrow to open the sub menuAction & AdventureBiographyClassicsComedyCowboys & IndiansDramaEpicJohn WayneMusicalsOutlawsRomanceSpaghetti WesternTelevisionRomanceuse right arrow to open the sub menuClassicsGeneralMusicalsRomantic ComediesSuspenseTeen RomanceThe Twilight SagaDocumentaryuse right arrow to open the sub menuBiographiesEducationalFaith & SpiritualityHistoricalIMAXMilitary & PoliticalMusicNature & WildlifePerforming ArtsScience & TechnologySportsSee more categoriesWhat's NewNew ReleasesPreordersBestsellers4K ResolutionCustomer Favorites$5 DVDsAvengersFrozenMovie TrailersStar WarsPopular in MoviesGifts for Boyfriend/husbandHalloween MoviesChristmas MoviesStrand Releasing Home Video CollectionKino International Video CollectionGifts for Girlfriend/wifePlatinum Disc Corporation CollectionVideo Communications Inc CollectionGo to previous slide, 0 of 4Go to next slide, 2 of 4Carousel Page 1 of 4 activeCarousel Page 2 of 4 falseCarousel Page 3 of 4 falseCarousel Page 4 of 4 falsepause slide animationShop by categorySkip to end of linksNew ReleasesComedyKids & Family MoviesAction & AdventureOnly at WalmartAnime & AnimationSci-Fi & FantasyInstawatchGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaNShop movies by priceSkip to end of links$3.74 Movies$5 Movies$7.50 Movies$7.88 Blu-rays$9.96 Movies$12.96 Blu-rays$12.96 MoviesGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaNShop Blu-ray dealsSee allSkip to end of links$7.88Pan's Labyrinth (Blu-ray + Digital HD With UltraViolet) (With INSTAWATCH) (Walmart Exclusive)Average rating:5out of5stars, based on4reviews4ratings2-Day Shipping$7.88The Shawshank Redemption (Blu-ray + Digital HD) (With INSTAWATCH) (Walmart Exclusive)Average rating:5out of5stars, based on2reviews2ratings2-Day Shipping$7.88List Price$14.98Save$7.10Kelly's Heroes / Where Eagles Dare (Blu-ray)Average rating:4.4out of5stars, based on5reviews5ratings2-Day Shipping$7.88List Price$13.66Save$5.78Focus (Blu-ray + DVD + Digital HD With UltraViolet)2-Day Shippingfrom$5.00Drive (Blu-ray) (With INSTAWATCH) (Anamorphic Widescreen)2-Day Shipping$7.88The Great Gatsby (Blu-ray + Digital HD With UltraViolet) (Walmart Exclusive) (With INSTAWATCH)Average rating:5out of5stars, based on1reviews1ratings2-Day Shippingfrom$5.00Gremlins (Blu-ray) (With INSTAWATCH) (With INSTAWATCH)Average rating:4.3333out of5stars, based on3reviews3ratings2-Day Shipping$12.73Romancing The Stone / Jewel Of The Nile (Blu-ray) (Widescreen)Average rating:5out of5stars, based on2reviews2ratings2-Day ShippingGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaNTop tips for buying DVDs for the entire family Few things are more comforting than grabbing a bowl of popcorn and cozying up with your loved ones on a sofa to watch a movie. The huge selection of movies available at Walmart on DVD makes it easy to choose a favorite for the entire family. Alternatively, go for a fast-pacing thriller or even a horror movie on those nights you d feel more adventurous. With DVDs available at Every Day Low Prices, you can build a personal collection in no time. New releases and pre-orders Shopping for DVDs at Walmart means that you get access to new movies as soon as they're released. Get your hands on the newest rom-com for a romantic evening with your partner, or make the kids happy by choosing the newest Disney release on DVD. If you can t wait to watch a certain movie, pre-order it and you ll be one of the first to receive it with quick shipping as soon as it becomes available. DVDs for all tastes The immense selection of DVDs at Walmart makes it possible to find just about any movie, documentary, concert or TV show to complete your collection or offer it as a gift to someone special. Browse the collection by genre or brand to discover new gems, or search directly for a favorite movie. Cinema classics: A world of classic movies is available on DVD at Walmart, so you can add all the movies you ever liked to your collection. Choose from a huge selection of classic comedies, dramas and westerns featuring the greatest stars in the history of Hollywood. Immerse into a classic war story or lose yourself in a masterful thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat. Animation: Surprise your little ones with their favorite cartoons on DVD and they're likely to have them on repeat all day long. We have a selection of animation DVDs suitable for all ages and preferences, so you can easily find a favorite one for each of your kids. Romance: Surprising your loved one with a nice dinner and a good romantic comedy or drama is very easy thanks to our huge selection of romance movies on DVD. Pick a classic that you ll both enjoy watching again, or go for a new release to find out the happy ending to yet another love story. Documentaries: From nature and wildlife to performing arts, there s a world of documentaries in our DVD collection to keep you well-informed and entertained at the same time. Comedy: Discover the funniest movies released over the last decades, and enjoy witty writing, memorable puns and enjoyable plots the entire family can take great pleasure in watching. Lovers of stand-up comedy can also find a well-stocked section of DVDs. Horror: Whether Halloween is near or you simply feel like watching something scary, you can find a multitude of horror titles on DVD at Walmart. From timeless stories to new additions, enjoy countless titles featuring monsters, serial killers, vampires or zombies.  Foreign: Discover masterpieces of international cinematography on DVD and make a good impression in a conversation when you mention cult movies that have made history. Our selection of foreign movies includes titles from Europe, Asia and more. Music: If you couldn t make it to your favorite pop or rock star live concert, the DVD release will partially make up for it. Alternatively, enjoy classical music concerts and ballet from around the world. Top movies and TV shows bundles Save money and make sure you don t miss an episode by purchasing your favorite TV show on DVD. Most popular TV shows are available in box sets, so you can easily purchase all the series and even get extra perks such as never-before-seen scenes or making-of featurettes. Blockbuster movie franchises are also available in bundles or box sets so you can enhance your collection with ease. Understanding DVD ratings Not all DVDs are suitable for the entire family, so pay attention to ratings when you purchase a new title. G-rated movies are intended for general audiences, and they don t include any nudity, violence or substance-abuse scenes. PG movies may contain material that isn't suitable for children, whereas a movie with a PG-13 rating isn't suitable for children under 13. Rated R movies contain strong language, violence, or nudity, while movies with an NC-17 rating aren't suitable for those under 18.Show moreElectrode, Comp-147384893, DC-prod-dfw2, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-1.16.0, SHA-a61be39c429b9ad89de35da485c799e426355f1c, CID-


Foreign - Walmart.comSkip to Main ContentmenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesShowing 1-40 of 842 productsleft hand navigation Skip to Next SectionDepartmentsDramaSpanish LanguageActionRomanceForeignSee More LanguagesFrenchChineseGermanIndianItalianJapaneseLatin AmericaUnited KingdomSee all DepartmentsShipping & PickupShow all2-Day ShippingShip to HomeFree Pickup + DiscountFREE PickupFREE Pickup TodayComing SoonAugustSee AllRefinePrice$ to $GoTop brandsUniversalWarner Bros.Warner BrothersStore availabilitySearch your store by entering a zip code or your city or state.GoSortBest sellersbest_sellerprice_lowprice_highrating_highnewBest sellersPrice: low to highPrice: high to lowHighest ratingNewSearch Product ResultProduct - One Night With The King (Widescreen)Best SellerProduct ImagePrice$3.99Was $5.00Save  $1.01Product TitleOne Night With The King (Widescreen)Product - The Princess Bride (Widescreen)Best SellerProduct ImagePrice$4.02List price $9.98Save  $5.96Product TitleThe Princess Bride (Widescreen)Product - Eddie And The Cruisers / Eddie And The Cruisers 2: Eddie LivesBest SellerProduct ImagePrice$8.62Product TitleEddie And The Cruisers / Eddie And The Cruisers 2: Eddie LivesProduct - Planet Earth IIBest SellerProduct ImagePrice$24.49Was $29.96Save  $5.47Product TitlePlanet Earth IIProduct - Cantinflas: El Gendarme Desconocido/Los Tres MosqueterosBest SellerProduct ImagePrice$5.00List price $19.98Save  $14.98Product TitleCantinflas: El Gendarme Desconocido/Los Tres MosqueterosProduct - Masterpiece Mystery! Grantchester: Season 3 (Blu-ray)Product ImagePrice$26.88Product TitleMasterpiece Mystery! Grantchester: Season 3 (Blu-ray)Product - Step Up 2: The Streets (Widescreen)Product ImagePrice$7.49 - $7.69Product TitleStep Up 2: The Streets (Widescreen)Product - Tammy And The Bachelor / Tammy Tell Me True / Tammy And The Doctor Triple Feature (Widescreen)Product ImagePrice$9.39List price $14.98Save  $5.59Product TitleTammy And The Bachelor / Tammy Tell Me True / Tammy And The Doctor Triple Feature (Widescreen)   Already a ShippingPass member? Sign InFree returns online or in-storeNot completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.Never worry about minimum ordersOrder as often as you like all year long.Just $49 after your initial FREE trialThe more you use it, the more you save. Cancel your subscription any time.It's free shipping made easyIt's your key to free shipping. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free. Managing your ShippingPass is easy. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your ShippingPass subscription. Look for  Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo. Featured ShippingPass Products Household  Health Pets Clothing Home Electronics› More Info  OVERVIEW The following is an overview of the ShippingPass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for ShippingPass. What is ShippingPass and how will it make my life easier? You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! How much does ShippingPass cost?It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. Start your free trial now. ELIGIBLE ITEMSWhat products can I order using ShippingPass? We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty.  Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for ShippingPass.How do I know which products qualify for ShippingPass?Just look for  next to the item.Does buying a ShippingPass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits? YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible ShippingPass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. More details on what is eligible with ShippingPass:Shipping SpeedItems & AddressesFREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo  Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in ShippingPass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout.  Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addressesItems with freight chargesItems fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellersPersonalized itemseGift CardsAny item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkoutInternational destinationsSHIPPING & RETURNSWhat does 2-day shipping really mean? Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day.Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. PST cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayOrder before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredPlace your order AFTER 11 a.m. PST Cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayOrder placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent outYour order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredIs there a cutoff time I should be aware of?Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping.Do you deliver on weekends?We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in  My Account . How do I track a shipment?Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order.Is return shipping free?Yes, it's free. Learn more. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with ShippingPass?  Yes, ShippingPass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for  next to the item.PAYMENTDo you offer a trial subscription? Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. Which payment methods can I use? The ShippingPass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIPWill my subscription automatically renew?Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption.How do I turn off auto-renewal? Auto-renewal can be managed in  My Account. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?You are eligible for a full refund if no ShippingPass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a ShippingPass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term.I'm eligible for a refund. How do I cancel my subscription?  Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONSDo I need an invitation to join ShippingPass?ShippingPass is open to everyone, no invitation required.Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my ShippingPass subscription for family and friends?No, currently you cannot share your ShippingPass account.Why did my order come in multiple boxes?We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box.Why is my favorite product not ShippingPass-eligible anymore?The ShippingPass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.ShippingPassWant to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With ShippingPass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a ShippingPass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.When you purchase ShippingPass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, ShippingPass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.To see if ShippingPass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with ShippingPass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for ShippingPass so you can shop more, save money and live better.Electrode, Comp-205773162, DC-prod-dfw1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-4.10.0, SHA-335bc5636ba3022fedaefd3cd18df818927a3e0c, CID-


Movies : Foreign Dramas - Walmart.com - Walmart.com

Skip to Main ContentmenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountShop school suppliesReorder your favoritesShowing 1-40 of 417 productsleft hand navigation Skip to Next SectionShipping & PickupShow all2-Day ShippingShip to HomeFree Pickup + DiscountFREE PickupFREE Pickup TodayPrice$to$GoPlease enter a minimum and maximum price0 - $10$10 - $20$20 - $50$50 - $100RatingGPGPG-13RUnratedNot RatedTV-PGTV-14TV-MASee more ratingsRefinePrice$ to $GoTop brandsUniversalWarner Bros.Warner BrothersStore availabilitySearch your store by entering a zip code or your city or state.GoSortBest sellersbest_sellerprice_lowprice_highrating_highnewBest sellersPrice: low to highPrice: high to lowHighest ratingNewSearch Product ResultProduct - One Night With The King (Widescreen)Best SellerProduct ImagePrice$3.99Was $5.00Save  $1.01Product TitleOne Night With The King (Widescreen)Product - Eddie And The Cruisers / Eddie And The Cruisers 2: Eddie LivesBest SellerProduct ImagePrice$8.62Product TitleEddie And The Cruisers / Eddie And The Cruisers 2: Eddie LivesProduct - Step Up 2: The Streets (Widescreen)Product ImagePrice$7.49 - $7.69Product TitleStep Up 2: The Streets (Widescreen)Product - The MistProduct ImagePrice$5.99 - $12.99Product TitleThe MistProduct - The EdgeProduct ImagePrice$5.99 - $7.41Product TitleThe EdgeProduct - Goodfellas (Widescreen, Full Frame)Product ImagePrice$3.74 - $13.77Product TitleGoodfellas (Widescreen, Full Frame)Product - John Wayne War: 4 Film FavoritesProduct ImagePrice$7.48List price $17.94Save  $10.46Product TitleJohn Wayne War: 4 Film FavoritesProduct - Fracture (Widescreen)Product ImagePrice$6.08 - $9.19Product TitleFracture (Widescreen)   Already a ShippingPass member? Sign InFree returns online or in-storeNot completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.Never worry about minimum ordersOrder as often as you like all year long.Just $49 after your initial FREE trialThe more you use it, the more you save. Cancel your subscription any time.It's free shipping made easyIt's your key to free shipping. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free. Managing your ShippingPass is easy. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your ShippingPass subscription. Look for  Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo. Featured ShippingPass Products Household  Health Pets Clothing Home Electronics› More Info  OVERVIEW The following is an overview of the ShippingPass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for ShippingPass. What is ShippingPass and how will it make my life easier? You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! How much does ShippingPass cost?It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. Start your free trial now. ELIGIBLE ITEMSWhat products can I order using ShippingPass? We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty.  Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for ShippingPass.How do I know which products qualify for ShippingPass?Just look for  next to the item.Does buying a ShippingPass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits? YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible ShippingPass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. More details on what is eligible with ShippingPass:Shipping SpeedItems & AddressesFREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo  Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in ShippingPass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout.  Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addressesItems with freight chargesItems fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellersPersonalized itemseGift CardsAny item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkoutInternational destinationsSHIPPING & RETURNSWhat does 2-day shipping really mean? Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day.Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. PST cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayOrder before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredPlace your order AFTER 11 a.m. PST Cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayOrder placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent outYour order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredIs there a cutoff time I should be aware of?Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping.Do you deliver on weekends?We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in  My Account . How do I track a shipment?Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order.Is return shipping free?Yes, it's free. Learn more. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with ShippingPass?  Yes, ShippingPass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for  next to the item.PAYMENTDo you offer a trial subscription? Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. Which payment methods can I use? The ShippingPass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIPWill my subscription automatically renew?Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption.How do I turn off auto-renewal? Auto-renewal can be managed in  My Account. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?You are eligible for a full refund if no ShippingPass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a ShippingPass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term.I'm eligible for a refund. How do I cancel my subscription?  Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONSDo I need an invitation to join ShippingPass?ShippingPass is open to everyone, no invitation required.Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my ShippingPass subscription for family and friends?No, currently you cannot share your ShippingPass account.Why did my order come in multiple boxes?We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box.Why is my favorite product not ShippingPass-eligible anymore?The ShippingPass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.ShippingPassWant to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With ShippingPass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a ShippingPass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.When you purchase ShippingPass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, ShippingPass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.To see if ShippingPass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with ShippingPass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for ShippingPass so you can shop more, save money and live better.Electrode, Comp-186283707, DC-prod-dfw2, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-4.10.0, SHA-335bc5636ba3022fedaefd3cd18df818927a3e0c, CID-