










 



Townsquare Media Inc (TSQ)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Townsquare Media Inc (TSQ)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerBroadcasting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				TSQ on New York Consolidated


				11.11USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.08


					            (-0.71%)
					        






Prev Close

$11.19


Open

$11.06




Day's High

$11.26


Day's Low

$11.06




Volume

40,601


Avg. Vol

58,182




52-wk High

$13.01


52-wk Low

$7.78












					Full Description



Townsquare Media, Inc., incorporated on February 26, 2010, is a media, entertainment and digital marketing solutions company principally focused on small and mid-sized markets across the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Local Advertising and Live Events. The Company's Local Advertising segment offers broadcast, digital and mobile advertising within its local markets. The Company's Live Events segment consists of a range of live events, which the Company creates, promotes and produces, including music concerts, multi-day music festivals, fairs, consumer expositions and trade shows, athletic events, lifestyle events and other forms of entertainment. The Company reports the remainder of its business in its Other Media and Entertainment category, which principally provides digital marketing solutions, e-commerce solutions and digital advertising services nationally.The Company's assets include market leading radio stations, live events, and digital, mobile, video and social media properties. The Company's brands include local media assets, such as WYRK, KLAQ, K2 and NJ101.5; music festivals, such as Mountain Jam, WE Fest and the Taste of Country Music Festival; touring lifestyle and entertainment events, such as the America on Tap craft beer festival series, the Insane Inflatable 5K obstacle race series, and North American Midway Entertainment, North America's mobile amusement company, and tastemaker music and entertainment owned and affiliated Websites, such as XXL.com, TasteofCountry.com, Loudwire.com, JustJared.com and BrooklynVegan.com. The Company's integrated and diversified product and service offerings, Townsquare Everywhere, enable local, regional and national advertisers to target audience engagement across multiple platforms, including on-air, online and at live events.Local AdvertisingThe Company's Local Advertising segment consists of approximately 309 owned and operated radio stations and over 325 owned and operated local Websites in 66 small and mid-sized markets. Almost all of its radio stations have local companion Websites that utilize the station brands and are populated with original content created or curated by its local media personalities. All of the Company's radio stations are available to be streamed online via their local companion Websites, as well as its mobile application, radioPup. The Company's Local Advertising operations are organized around a regional strategy with cluster concentrations in and around the Northeast, Upper Midwest, Texas and the Mountain West. The Company's radio stations and local Websites are diversified in terms of brand, music format and target demographics. All of its local Websites are search engine and mobile optimized.Live EventsThe Company's Live Events segment consists of a range of live events, which it creates, promotes and produces, including music concerts, multi-day music festivals, consumer expositions and trade shows, athletic events, lifestyle events and other forms of entertainment. Its live events are local and community-based in nature and it also offers sponsorship, exhibit space and activation opportunities to its advertisers. The Company also offers event production services to third parties and owns a ticketing platform. The Company produced approximately 650 live events that attracted approximately 18 million attendees in total.Other Media and EntertainmentThe Company's Other Media and Entertainment business consists of its digital marketing solutions offering, national digital assets and e-commerce offering. The Company offers digital marketing solutions, on a subscription basis, to small and mid-sized local and regional businesses (SMBs) in small and mid-sized markets across the United States. The Company's digital marketing services are offered under the brand name Townsquare Interactive, include traditional and mobile-enabled Website development and hosting services, search engine and online directory optimization services, online reputation management and social media management.The Company owns and operates a portfolio of approximately 16 music and entertainment focused national Websites, including Taste of Country, XXL, PopCrush, ScreenCrush, Ultimate Classic Rock, Loudwire and ComicsAlliance. Its digital advertising network provides services, such as advertising sales representation and advertising trafficking to approximately 150 third-party music and entertainment focused affiliate Websites, such as Just Jared, Hype Machine, Brooklyn Vegan and RapUp.The Company offers e-commerce products to consumers and advertisers through Seize the Deal, its deal and auction platform. Seize the Deal enables small businesses, some of which may not have the resources to utilize its Local Advertising products, to sell certain of their products and services online through the auction platform. The Company's auction platform supports over 106 local auctions annually, which are often used as a gateway to a broader advertising relationship with Townsquare Media.The Company competes with Live Nation, AEG, Pandora, Spotify and SiriusXM.

» Full Overview of TSQ







					Company Address



Townsquare Media Inc
240 Greenwich AveGREENWICH   CT   06830-6507
P: +1203.8610900F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Steven Price

1,621,320




							 Stuart Rosenstein

1,580,160




							 Scott Schatz

--




							 Christopher Kitchen

--




							 Erik Hellum

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Townsquare Media Inc News




» More TSQ  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerBroadcasting






















Townsquare Media, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:45 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of Townsquare Media, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Townsquare Media, Inc. operates as a media, entertainment, and digital marketing solutions company in small and mid-sized markets. It operates through two segments, Local Marketing Solutions and Entertainment. The Local Marketing Solutions segment provides broadcast and digital solutions through its radio stations, Websites, radio stations’ online streams, and mobile applications. It also offers digital marketing solutions, such as traditional and mobile-enabled Website development and hosting services, search engine and online directory optimization services, online reputation management, and social media management services under the Townsquare Interactive brand; and e-commerce products to...
Townsquare Media, Inc. operates as a media, entertainment, and digital marketing solutions company in small and mid-sized markets. It operates through two segments, Local Marketing Solutions and Entertainment. The Local Marketing Solutions segment provides broadcast and digital solutions through its radio stations, Websites, radio stations’ online streams, and mobile applications. It also offers digital marketing solutions, such as traditional and mobile-enabled Website development and hosting services, search engine and online directory optimization services, online reputation management, and social media management services under the Townsquare Interactive brand; and e-commerce products to consumers and advertisers through its proprietary deal and auction platform. As of December 31, 2016, this segment owned and operated 312 radio stations and approximately 325 Websites in 66 markets in the United States. The Entertainment segment creates, promotes, and produces live events, including music concerts, multi-day music festivals, fairs, consumer expositions and trade shows, athletic and lifestyle events, and other forms of entertainment. This segment also offer event production services to third parties; and digital advertising services, as well as owns a proprietary ticketing platform. In addition, it owns and operates a portfolio of 16 music and entertainment based national Websites. As of December 31, 2016, this segment produced approximately 550 live events in the United States and Canada. The company was formerly known as Regent Communications, Inc. and changed its name to Townsquare Media, Inc. in May 2010. Townsquare Media, Inc. was founded in 1996 and is based in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Detailed Description


240 Greenwich AvenueGreenwich, CT 06830United StatesFounded in 19962,950 Employees



Phone: 203-861-0900

www.townsquaremedia.com







Key Executives for Townsquare Media, Inc.




Mr. Steven Price J.D.


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 56
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.2M








Mr. Stuart B. Rosenstein CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 56
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.1M








Mr. Bill Wilson


      	Chief Content & Digital Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.3M





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Townsquare Media, Inc. Key Developments

Townsquare Media, Inc. Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended of March 31, 2017
May 9 17
Townsquare Media, Inc. reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first quarter ended of March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported net revenue for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 decreased $6.0 million, or 6.4%, to $88.4 million, as compared to $94.4 million in the same period last year. Net loss increased $1.6 million, or 117.5%, to $3.0 million, as compared to $1.4 million in the same period last year. Adjusted EBITDA decreased $1.9 million, or 16.0%, to $10.1 million, as compared to $12.0 million in the same period last year, largely due to the timing of a live event and the sale of certain live events. Operating income was $3,282,000 compared to $5,792,000 a year ago. Loss before income taxes was $5,005,000 compared to $2,290,000 a year ago. Basic and diluted net loss per share was $0.16 compared to $0.08 a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $3,957,000 compared to $3,941,000 a year ago.  Purchase of property and equipment was $5,653,000 compared to $6,496,000 a year ago. Acquisition of Intangibles was $150,000. Adjusted loss before taxes was $4,808,000 compared to $2,521,000 a year ago. Adjusted net loss was $2,890,000 compared to $1,522,000 a year ago. Adjusted basic and diluted loss per share was $0.16 compared to $0.09 a year ago.


Townsquare Media Mulls Acquisitions
May 9 17
Townsquare Media, Inc. (NYSE:TSQ) is seeking acquisitions. Steven Price, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Townsquare Media, said, “We will continue to balance investments and growth by evaluating capital allocation alternatives and prioritizing accretive organic and acquisition investment opportunities.”


Townsquare Media, Inc. to Report Q1, 2017 Results on May 09, 2017
May 4 17
Townsquare Media, Inc. announced that they will report Q1, 2017 results Pre-Market on May 09, 2017


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 7, 2017
			    
Berkshire Broadcasting Co., Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      July 7, 2017
			    
Gamma Broadcasting LLC, 3 Radio Stations and 1 FM Translator



Merger/Acquisition

			      August 17, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Townsquare Media, Inc., please visit www.townsquaremedia.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  TSQ:New York Stock Quote - Townsquare Media Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Townsquare Media Inc   TSQ:US   New York        11.11USD   0.08   0.71%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   11.06    Day Range   11.06 - 11.26    Volume   40,601    Previous Close   11.19    52Wk Range   7.78 - 13.01    1 Yr Return   31.01%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   11.06    Day Range   11.06 - 11.26    Volume   40,601    Previous Close   11.19    52Wk Range   7.78 - 13.01    1 Yr Return   31.01%    YTD Return   6.72%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   13.37    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.83    Market Cap (m USD)   205.190    Shares Outstanding  (m)   13.810    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.40    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.74%     Industry Media   % Price Change +0.10%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/26/2017   Townsquare Announces Conference Call To Discuss Second Quarter 2017 Results     7/7/2017   Townsquare Announces Acquisition Of 6 Radio Stations     5/9/2017   Townsquare Reports First Quarter 2017 Results     4/25/2017   Townsquare Announces Conference Call To Discuss First Quarter 2017 Results     3/13/2017   Townsquare Reports Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 Results     2/21/2017   Townsquare Announces Conference Call To Discuss Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 Results; Presenting At Upcoming Investor     2/8/2017   Townsquare Announces Successful Loan Repricing     1/30/2017   Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating Townsquare Media Inc. for Potential Breaches Of Fiduciary Duty By Its Board of    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Townsquare Media, Inc. provides radio broadcasting services. The Company acquires, develops, and operates radio stations and digital properties in mid-sized markets. Townsquare Media owns FM and AM radio stations throughout the United States.    Address  240 Greenwich AvenueGreenwich, CT 06830United States   Phone  1-203-861-0900   Website   www.townsquaremedia.com     Executives Board Members    Steven Price  Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder    Stuart B Rosenstein  Exec VP/CFO/Co-Founder    Bill Wilson  Exec VP/Chief Content & Digital Ofcr    Mark Stewart  Exec VP/Chief Strategic Ofcr    Christopher A Kitchen  Exec VP/General Counsel     Show More          

Townsquare Media Press, Newsroom, Media Kit
































menu
close menu
















What Music Means To Us












About Us







Company Overview

Company Overview



Executive Team

Executive Team



Press

Press Headlines






July 26, 2017
Townsquare Announces Conference Call to Discuss Second Quarter 2017 Results

Greenwich, CT – July 26, 2017 – Townsquare Media, Inc. (NYSE: TSQ) announced today that it will release second quarter 2017 financial results before the market opens on Wednesday, August 9, 2017.  ...



July 7, 2017
Townsquare Announces Acquisition of 6 Radio Stations

Townsquare Media, Inc.  today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 6 radio stations and two FM translators in and around the Pittsfield, MA market, from Gamma Broadcasting LLC an ...



May 9, 2017
Townsquare Reports First Quarter 2017 Results

Townsquare Media, Inc. (NYSE: TSQ) ("Townsquare," the "Company," "we," "us," or "our") announced today financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017.



April 25, 2017
Townsquare Announces Conference Call to Discuss First Quarter 2017 Results

Townsquare Media, Inc. (NYSE: TSQ) announced today that it will release first quarter 2017 financial results before the market opens on Tuesday, May 9, 2017. Townsquare Media, Inc. will host a confere ...





More Press



		
			Page 1
		
	

Share


































Townsquare Media Inc (TSQ) Advertising 




























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 




















 TSQ- NYSE (USA) Also traded in: GermanyTownsquare Media Inc Class A



Not Rated

Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
$11.11     0.08(0.71%) Volume: 40,601  4:02PM EDTAvg Vol (1m): 62,183
1 Medium Warning Sign1 Good Sign







Market Cap : 
			205.18 M
Enterprise Value : 
			729.4 M
P/E(TTM) : 
			15.22
P/B : 
			0.54

















$11.11 (1y: +36%)



+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite FilingsDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





TSQ has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




TSQ has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendInsiderOwnershipHeadlinesCompareChecklistDefinitions






Switch to:















Fundamental

 Altman Z-Score Beneish M-Score Book Value per Share Dividends per Share E10 Earnings per Share (Diluted) EBITDA per Share Enterprise Value EPS without NRI FFO per Share Financial Strength Float Percentage Of Total Shares Outstanding Free Cash Flow per Share Insider Ownership Institutional Ownership Market Cap (M) Net Cash per Share Net Current Asset Value Net-Net Working Capital Operating Cash Flow per Share Owner Earnings per Share (TTM) Piotroski F-Score Predictability Rank Profitability Revenue per Share Scaled Net Operating Assets Short Interest Short Percentage of Float Tangible Book per Share Total Debt per Share 


Valuation Ratio

 3-Year Average Share Buyback Ratio Asset Turnover Cash Conversion Cycle Cash-to-Debt COGS-to-Revenue Current Ratio Days Inventory Days Payable Days Sales Outstanding Debt-to-Asset Debt-to-Equity Earnings Yield % Earnings Yield (Joel Greenblatt) % Effective Interest Rate on Debt % Equity-to-Asset EV-to-EBIT EV-to-EBITDA EV-to-Revenue Forward PE Ratio Forward Rate of Return (Yacktman) % Goodwill-to-Asset Gross-Profit-to-Asset % Interest Coverage Inventory Turnover Inventory-to-Revenue LT-Debt-to-Total-Asset PB Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio without NRI PEG Ratio Price-to-Free-Cash-Flow Price-to-Operating-Cash-Flow Price-to-Owner-Earnings Price-to-Tangible-Book PS Ratio Quick Ratio Return-on-Tangible-Asset Return-on-Tangible-Equity ROA % ROC % ROC (Joel Greenblatt) % ROE % ROIC % Shiller PE Ratio Short Ratio Sloan Ratio % WACC % 


Profitability

 FCF Margin % Gross Margin % Net Interest Margin (Bank Only) % Net Margin % Operating Margin % 


Price

 Earnings Power Value (EPV) Graham Number Intrinsic Value: DCF (Earnings Based) Intrinsic Value: DCF (FCF Based) Intrinsic Value: Projected FCF Margin of Safty % (DCF Earnings Based) Median PS Value Net Cash per Share Peter Lynch Fair Value 


Dividends

 3-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Yield-on-Cost % Dividend Payout Ratio Dividend Yield % Dividend-Payout-to-FFO Forward Dividend Yield % 


Income Statement

 Advertising Cost of Goods Sold Credit Losses Provision Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization EBIT EBITDA EPS (Basic) EPS (Diluted) Fees and Other Income Gross Profit Interest Expense Interest Income Net Income Net Income (Continuing Operations) Net Income (Discontinued Operations) Net Interest Income Net Investment Income Net Policyholder Benefits/Claims Non Interest Income Non-Recurring Items Operating Income Other Income (Expense) Other Noninterest Expense Other Operating Expense Policy Acquisition Expense Pre-Tax Income Preferred Dividends Research & Development Revenue Selling, General, & Admin. Expense Shares Outstanding (Diluted Average) SpecialCharges Tax Expense Tax Provision Total Premiums Earned 


Balance Sheet

 Accounts Payable & Accrued Expense Accounts Receivable Accumulated Depreciation Additional Paid-In Capital Buildings And Improvements Capital Lease Obligation Capital Surplus Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities Common Stock Construction In Progress Current Portion of Long-Term Debt Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Equity Investments Fixed Maturity Investment Future Policy Benefits Goodwill Gross Property, Plant and Equipment Intangible Assets Inventories, Finished Goods Inventories, Other Inventories, Raw Materials & Components Inventories, Work In Process Land And Improvements Long-Term Debt & Capital Lease Obligation Marketable Securities Money Market Investments Net Loan Other Assets for Banks Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Liabilities for Banks Other Long Term Assets Other Long-Term Liabilities Paid-In Capital Policyholder Funds Preferred Stock Property, Plant and Equipment Retained Earnings Securities & Investments Shares Outstanding (EOP) Short-term investments Total Assets Total Current Assets Total Current Liabilities Total Deposits Total Equity Total Inventories Total Liabilities Treasury Stock Unearned Premiums Unpaid Loss & Loss Reserve 


Cashflow statement

 Capital Expenditure Cash Flow for Dividends Cash Flow from Discontinued Operations Cash Flow from Financing Cash Flow from Investing Cash Flow from Operations Cash Flow from Others Cash From Discontinued Investing Activities Cash From Other Investing Activities Change In Inventory Change In Receivables Change In Working Capital Cumulative Effect Of Accounting Change Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization FFO Free Cash Flow Net Change in Cash Net Foreign Currency Exchange Gain Net Income From Continuing Operations Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale Net Issuance of Debt Net Issuance of Preferred Stock Net Issuance of Stock Purchase Of Business Purchase Of Investment Purchase Of Property, Plant, Equipment Sale Of Business Sale Of Investment Sale Of Property, Plant, Equipment Stock Based Compensation 










                        GuruFocus has detected 1 Warning Sign with Townsquare Media Inc $TSQ.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    
























Townsquare Media Inc (NYSE:TSQ)
Advertising
=GURUF("TSQ","Advertising")

$0.0 Mil (As of Mar. 2017)
Townsquare Media Inc's promotion and advertising for the quarter that ended in Mar. 2017 was $0.0 Mil.

Definition
This is the expense the company spent on promoting an industry, entity, brand, product name, or specific products or services in order to stimulate a desire to buy the entity's products or services.

Historical Data
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.
Townsquare Media Inc Annual Data



Dec12Dec13Dec14Dec15Dec16

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0

Townsquare Media Inc Quarterly Data



Dec14Mar15Jun15Sep15Dec15Mar16Jun16Sep16Dec16Mar17

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0













Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK



















Townsquare Media, Inc.                                                                                                   - Midland                                           , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Midland



Communication Services, Nec



Data Communication Services



                            Townsquare Media, Inc.
                                    



 





















T 


Townsquare Media, Inc.                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



11300 STATE HIGHWAY 191 MIDLAND, TX 79707
Get Directions



(432) 563-5499
www.townsquaremediagroup.com                                                                            





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 100
 Industries Data Communication Services
 Contacts Felipe Porros                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 

Townsquare Media Ad Products & Branded Entertainment
































menu
close menu
































Advertise

Ad Products






Standard Media

Run of Network (Standard IAB)
Precision Targeted Media
Video Pre-Roll (w/companion)
Mobile / Tablet Display
Newsletters
Dedicated Email

High-Impact Rich-Media:

Mobile Prestitial
Billboard
High-Impact Skin Takeover
Amplifier Unit
Theater Unit

Content Programs:

Content Takeover 

DOWNLOAD AD PRODUCT SPEC SHEET 






Overview



Our Audience



Ad Products



Ignite



Advertise with Us


Share



























Townsquare Media, Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Townsquare Media, Inc.


Townsquare Media, Inc.

240 Greenwich Avenue 
Greenwich CT 06830 United States
Phone: +1 203-___-____
Fax: 
http://www.townsquaremediagroup.com





14
Managers




5
IT employees




$3.6MEST.
IT Budget




Townsquare Media is a leading radio broadcasting business with more than 60 stations serving about a dozen markets in 10 states.
Townsquare Media is a leading radio broadcasting business with more than 60 stations serving about a dozen markets in 10 states.





Sector (Industry)
Services (Media)


Employees
820


Revenue
$441.2M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-26
Project Scoop
Topic: Marketing
Company: Townsquare Media, Inc., Greenwich, CT
Opportunity: Is focusing on creating entertaining and high quality branded content to be posted on its radio station websites and on social media.




2017-07-25
Staffing
Topic: Content Management, Marketing, Staffing
Company: Townsquare Media, Inc., Greenwich, CT
Opportunity: Seeking a Creative Services Director (NH, Portsmouth).




2017-07-25
Staffing
Topic: Sales, Staffing
Company: Townsquare Media, Inc., Greenwich, CT
Opportunity: Seeking an Account Manager (CT, Danbury, 06811).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Data Tools
ACTPollDaddy

Master Data Management

Relational Databases
MySQL
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Google Cloud Apps

Email Hosting
CYRENCYREN (Formerly known as Commtouch)GoDaddy (mail server)GoDaddy EmailGoogle (mail server)

Hosting
Go Daddy (Hosting)Prolexic Technologies (Hosting)
Data Storage

Enterprise Storage
IBM Spectrum ProtectIBM Tivoli Storage Manager
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
Events Manager

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Sage ERP

Enterprise Systems Support
Industry Software

Financial Trading
IDS Rapport

Professional Services Software
Vocus
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Digital Media Operations

Online Advertising

Search Engine Optimization
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )Google AdSense
Analytics

Business Intelligence

Marketing Data Management
ACTMySQL

Social Analytics
PHPPollDaddy
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management

User Experience

Website Design
AddThisAdobe Creative SuiteAdobe IllustratorAdobe InDesignAdobe PhotoshopAdobe PremiereGoogle Maps
eCommerce

Mobile Commerce

Online Retailing
Apache ServerBigcommerceWordPressWordPress VIP

Social Commerce
Go Daddy (Hosting)Prolexic Technologies (Hosting)Softlayer (cloud)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Strategy

Mobile Application and Content Services
Apple iPhoneTwitter

Promotions
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Jared Willig
Senior Vice President, Digital Strategy and Operations
___@townsquaremedia.com
+1 203-___-____







Anothony Verano
Manager, Marketing and Live Events
___@townsquaremedia.com
+1 845-___-____







Michael Mrozek
Director; Enterprise Systems
___@townsquaremedia.com
+1 203-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



