 



Re-Elect Jim Townsend | NM State Representative, District 54

































Welcome

								Jim believes in a common sense approach to government where all people and their business are represented fairly and equitably.
							







Education

								Jim is committed to quality education for our youth.  Jim was born and raised in Carlsbad, he raised his family in Artesia, he knows what our communities need and want from Santa Fe.
							







Family & Community

								Jim is committed to uphold our family & community values.  He and his wife Paula are active church members and are intent in upholding the values of our communities.
							







Business & Industry

								Jim has 30+ years experience dealing with business & industry issues, he has put the interest of our communities first in Santa Fe, not government intersts.
							















FRIENDS
We trust Jim,
				   & So Can You!




EXPERIENCE
A conservative Republican with  years of  business experience




DISTRICT 54
Do you know what House district you are in?











					Jim is a conservative Republican with many years of applicable business experience that included working in and around Santa Fe for a business in New Mexico.  He believes in God, in life and free enterprise and the belief in our right to keep and bear arms. 
				
Read More →


** Where To Vote **


Mountain Area
Special Mobile Voting 
					  In Cloudcroft!
 Saturday, May 24th | 10:00am-6:00pm
                      Cloudcroft Council Chambers
                      201 Burro Avenue 

*Alamogordo Clerk's Office
(Early Voting Location) 
							  1101 New York Ave
							  in County Admin Bldg
          
Mayhill Community Center
11 Civic Center Drive

Cloudcroft Council Chambers
		  201 Burro Avenue
James Canyon Fire Station
	      2346 US Hwy 82, Cloudcroft
Sivell's Baptist Camp
	      Cox Canyon Hwy 130, Cloudcroft
High Rolls Fire Station
	      39 Old Railroad Drive
Weed Fire Station
	      32 Agua Chiquita
Timberon Lodge
	      1 Bobwhite Circle
Orogrande Fire Station
	      1841 Woodson Avenue
Pinon Fire Station
							  4538 Owen Prather Highway
		  
*Otero County Fairgrounds
(Early Voting Location) 
						    401 Fairgrounds Rd, Alamogordo
*Inn of the Mountain Gods
(Early Voting Location)
                            287 Carrizo Canyon Rd, Mescalero

 


Artesia

Faith Baptist
							  401 S. 20th Street
		  
*Artesia Clerk's Office
(Early Voting Location) 
							  602 South 1st
		  
Senior Citizens Center
							  202 West Chisum
		                        


Carlsbad

St. Peter Lutheran Church
							  1302 W. Pierce Street
		  
ECED
							  1801 W. Lea Street
		  
San Jose Senior Center
		  2810 San Jose Blvd
Lakeview North Canal
	      1300 N Canal Street
*Carlsbad Clerk's Office
(Early Voting Location)
	      325 S. Main Street
Permian Basin Regional Training Ctr
							  1400 Commerce Drive
		                        




 
 
 
 
 








VOTE
				  Scroll to bottom for voting locations
				


Absentee Voting
October 11th - November 4th
Early Voting
October 11th - November 4th
Election Day
November 8th




COMMITTED TO


Quality education for our youth


Sound water policies


Fiscal Responsibility


Support business and industry in Southeastern New Mexico


Upholding family and community values


Tougher drug and gang laws


Southeastern N.M. highways and road improvements


 
            
Regular voting is November 8th, 2016.
 Votes can be cast in person at the Early Voting sites from Oct. 11 - Nov. 4.
                  Most Early Voting sites are open Monday-Friday 8:00 am - 6:30 pm & Saturday 8:00 am-4:00 pm. 
                
Absentee Voting can be cast from
                Oct. 11 - Nov. 4. 
Please contact your local County Clerk's office for Absentee information:
 Carlsbad - County Clerk's Office
                  325 S. Main Street 
                  575.885.3383                  
Artesia - County Clerk's Office 
                  602 S. First Street 
                  575.746.2541                  
Alamogordo - County Clerk's Office
                  1101 New York Ave. 
                575.437.4942 














 



Elect Jim Townsend | NM State Representative, District 54




























FRIENDS
We trust Jim,
				   & So Can You!




EXPERIENCE
A conservative Republican with  years of  business experience




DISTRICT 54
Do you know what House district you are in?











				"Jim Townsend is a man of genuine character, great integrity and a proven leader. Jim is a man that knows and respects the issues we deal with in Southeastern New Mexico and has the experience to get things done for our community.
				Jim and his wife Paula have been a great asset to our community for many years with their active involvement in youth, sports, schools, church and civic organizations. We’re supporting Jim as a friend and the one that is qualified and has the experience to represent us in Santa Fe.
				Please join us in electing Jim Townsend as our next State Representative District 54."
Signed, Friends For Jim

** Friends For Jim **






Vernon Asbill
LuAnn Beardemphl
Rick Sullivan
Mike Deans


Glenn Kaiser
Joel Carson
Joseph Tillery
Dr. Kate Asbill


Blaize Campanella
Lowell Irby
Peyton Yates
Jim Hickerson


C.E. Larue
Carol Sullivan
LaNette Gray
Zilda Brindeiro


Kim Allison
Mary Hendrickson
Joel Bell
Gaylene Burgess


Gary Sims
Rosalie Hickerson
Robert Horner
Debbie Bell


Larraine Drake
Gwenetta Morgan
Judy Deans
Betty Clark


Greg White
Debbie Pardue
J.T. Jackson
Albert Reyes


Cody Martin
Royce Pearson
Dwight Menefee
B.D. Spencer


Curtis Tolle
Helen Pettit
Dickie Townley
Barry Lyles


Dale  Laman
Jack Matthews
Steve Usherwood
Benny Boyse


Dana Morton
Jason Riggs
Wanda Larue
Bill Rogers


David Conklin
Jeff Stubblefield
Jacquelyn Sanderson
Richard Price


Deryl Elrod
Jerry Coupland
Debbie White
Frank Morgan


Everett Crawford
Jerry Houghtaling
Florence Williams
Garlin Willingham


Cody Price 
Karen Berry
Betty  Price
Gene Peterson


Kathy Akins
Arlas Blackwell
Monty Lieshman
George Sanchez


Ken Beardemphl
Kathy Boyse
Otis Yates
Mary Miller


Ken Clayton
Sherrie Bratcher
Phillip Baumgardner
Billy Collins


Kent Bratcher
Raye Miller
Phyllis Neudecker Reese
Bob Hendrickson


Jade Price
Jerry Pardue
Ray Jones
Bobby Grice


Chance Chase
Jesus Vazquez
Chalk Drake
King Kelley


Robert Griffin
Jim Allsion
Ray Westall
Larry Lynch


Robert Martin
Greg Cardwell
Richard Haldeman
Lendyl Hawkins


Roger Kilpatrick
Harold Green
Rick Burks
Mark Byers


Roman Esquibel
Jimmy Joseph
Kern Horner
Michael Clifton


Roy Coor
Joel Miller
Kevin Klein
Mike Williams


Rusty Clack
Robbie Burgess
Stephen Brindeiro
Tim Baize


Sarah Webb
Whitney Baize
Steve Clark
Tim Winters


Amy Kaiser
Zach Berry
Cheryl Martin
Debbie Tolle


Anna Kelley
Carol Griffin
Courtney Lanning
Dona Laman


Annie Jackson
Carol Sanchez
Crystal Martin
Edana Yates


Belinda Clifton
Cathy Hawkins
Dana King
Gambra Green


Beth Conklin
Beth Riggs
Debbie Coor
Glenda Collins


Janet Grice
Norberta Irby
Karen Reyes
Karen Usherwood


JoBeth Horner
Pam Horner
Karen Westall
Sara Sims


Joy Crawford
Ramona Kilpatrick
Melody Stubblefield
Sharon Tillery


Joyce Jones
Ranson Spencer
Nancy Elrod
Stephanie Collins


Judy Starkey
Staci Butts
Jill Cauhape
Carolyn Chumbley


Beverly King
Bert Young
Jawna Carlo
Sue Pemperton


Bill Gray
Chuck Pinson
Verna Funk
Leslie Pinson


Ruth Bratcher
Ross Horner
W.R. Kalka
Stacy Lewis


Theresa Baize
Jimmy Johnson
Kay Peterson
Martha Lewellen


Tom Brown
Tate Branch
Kendra Riggs
Zach Simer


Mike Phipps
Matthew Clifton
Kenetta Matthews
Yvonne Menefee


Cheryl Burks
Brad Young
Leah Joseph
Yvonne Polk


Anna Byers
Steve Lewis
Lori Coupland
Linda Van Der Veen


Dixi Campanella
Henry Lewellen
MaryBeth Stringer
Leah Brownfield


Taylor Price
Jessica Simer
Terri Menefee
Tracy Walker


Melanie Cardwell
Penny Hoover
Rhonda Clayton
Danny  Carter


Devon Rae Carlo
Marsha Medina
Twyla Houghtaling
Johnny King


Codie Carrasco
Paula Givens
Vicky Townley
WG Davis


Donna Clack
Lindsey Givens
Robin Morgan
Betty Zumwalt


Brian Collins
Jessica Hatfield
Tina Burgess
Tara Marrs


C.W. King
Jack Van Der Veen
Rosalie Morton
Greg Marrs


Carl Morgan
Jesse Brownfield
Miriam Archibald
Tommy Scroggin


Carrie Montgomery
Dave Walker
Patti Horner
Jayann Sepich


Mark Sanderson
Joe Carlo
Serilda Carter
Julie Horner


Michael Blackwell
George Chumbley
Vicki Burch
Phil Burch


Dalaci Baumgardner
Joseph Pemperton
Kenneth Robinson
Tommy Hoover


Claire Chase
Kent Whitmire
Carrie Frances Goss
Lorenzo Medina


Robert Burgess
James Guy
Joni Bledsoe
Diana Garrett


Robbie Pearson
Jon Henry
Loyd Polk
Jim Otts


Tommy Stringer
Sylvia Johnson
Jim Darnell 
John Hatfield


Travis Carlo
Betty Maupin
Tiffani Serich
Ross Menefee


Travis Lanning
Danny Carter
Roby Zumwalt
Greg Burt


Vance Riggs
Wanda Darr
Ellen Whitmire
Jerri Darnell


Mary Liz Cassabone
Serilda Carter
Dennis Maupin
Jerry Butts


Addie Robinson
Sharon Tillery
Ronnie Wilbanks
Stanley Davis


Bill Darr
Margaret Peyton
Tawnya Henry
Laurie Kincaid


Mary Jane Davis
Beth Menefee
Ronald Horner
Joseph Tillery


Justin Wallace
Mike Jennings
Murnie Cauhape
Tom Archibald


Karen Leishman
Rita Winters
Nita Lynch
Sylvia Haldeman


Rhonda Mojica
Robin Miller
Nora Vazquez
Talley Lyles


Sameera Esquibel
Ginny Bush
Kathy Phipps
Jana Troublefield


Darrell Atkins
Susan Klein
Janie Rogers
Lynn Troublefield


Pam Atkins
Howard Morton
Lex Klein
Deborah Willingham


Donna Scroggin
Dave Sepich
Kandi Branch
Dimas Herrera


Wesley Menefee
Neal Bledsoe
Emily Clifton
Misti Herrera


Ed Garrett
Cheryl Butts
Janell Whitlock
Chris Bever










COMMITTED TO


Quality education for our youth


Sound water policies


Fiscal Responsibility


Support business and industry in Southeastern New Mexico


Upholding family and community values


Tougher drug and gang laws


Southestern N.M. highways and road improvements
















 



Elect Jim Townsend | NM State Representative, District 54






























FRIENDS
We trust Jim,
				   & So Can You!




EXPERIENCE
A conservative Republican with  years of  business experience




DISTRICT 54
Do you know what House district you are in?












				Jim was born in Carlsbad, New Mexico and grew up south of Carlsbad in an agriculture family and attended school graduating from Carlsbad Senior High in 1972. Jim has two brothers Tom and Bill and two sisters Susan and Alegra Ann.
Jim’s dad and mom Bill and Alegra Townsend were lifelong Eddy County residents as a couple married for more than 60 years.  Bill was a farmer and a rancher and a World War II Veteran, serving active duty in the European theatre and being honorably discharged at the end of the war.
Alegra worked for the school system working many years for Joe Stell at Alta Vista School.  Jim’s dad is deceased and his mother lives in an assisted living facility in Las Cruces where Jim’s sister watches over her care.
Jim attended New Mexico State University in Carlsbad and married Paula in 1974. Now retired, Jim and Paula are active members of First Baptist Church in Artesia, enjoy three grandchildren and travel as time allows. 
	            
Jim and Paula have two children (Trevor and Lindsay)  Trevor lives currently in Woodward Oklahoma and works for Universal Services as a Project Manager, and Lindsay lives in Roswell and is a Nursing supervisor at the Lovelace Hospital.  Trevor is married to Melanie Foo and they have three children, Kayleigh, Elli and Lincoln. 



 






Family and Community Values


















 



Elect Jim Townsend | NM State Representative, District 54

























Contact Jim Townsend, We want to hear from you!





Main Office

				Address:    69 West Compress Road, Artesia, NM, 88210 
				Phone:       575 703 0153 
				Email:         Townsend@pvtn.net
			



Send an Email


Your Name: *(required)



E-mail: *(required)



Website



Message:



Enter Capcha: *(required)




Send

 
















 



Elect Jim Townsend | NM State Representative, District 54






























FRIENDS
We trust Jim,
				   & So Can You!




EXPERIENCE
A conservative Republican with  years of  business experience




DISTRICT 54
Do you know what House district you are in?












				New Mexico District 54 spans large portions of Eddy County, Otero County and Chaves County.  As of the 2010 census, 29,374 civilians reside in District 54.  For specific information regarding District 54, Ballotpedia.com is a great resource. 
For a map of District 54, visit this link to the Secretary of State's Office.





COMMITTED TO


Quality education for our youth


Sound water policies


Fiscal Responsibility


Support business and industry in Southeastern New Mexico


Upholding family and community values


Tougher drug and gang laws


Southestern N.M. highways and road improvements
















 



Elect Jim Townsend | NM State Representative, District 54






























FRIENDS
We trust Jim,
				   & So Can You!




EXPERIENCE
A conservative Republican with  years of  business experience




DISTRICT 54
Do you know what House district you are in?












				Jim has been involved in agriculture and energy his whole life and currently serves on the Board of Directors of Holly Energy Partners. During the first ten years of his career he worked for Southern Union Co., Southern Union Gas Company and the balance of that tenure for Southern Union Refining Company living in Lovington, New Mexico. Jim left Southern Union Refining in 1984 as Manager of Transportation and went to work for Navajo Refining Company, a Holly Corporation subsidiary, in Artesia.
		        
				With Navajo Refining Company Jim worked his way up through the transportation department and later in the pipeline group. Over several years Jim led the Navajo Pipeline Company operating facilities in New Mexico and Texas and had the opportunity to work with many farmers and ranchers with right of ways and operating facilities.
In July of 2004 Holly Corporation began a successful IPO in starting Holly Energy Partners at $250 million dollars. Jim and Paula were on the platform at the New York Stock Exchange to ring the opening bell. From that beginning until 2007 Jim was part of the management team that grew Holly Energy Partners to a $1 Billion dollar company operating in seven states and employing over 100 people with most being employed in Eddy County.  He served as Vice President of Operations for Holly Energy Partners and served as an executive member of the Company.
In 2007 Jim was promoted to Senior Vice President of UNEV Pipeline Company, a new subsidiary company, reporting to the Chairman of the Board of Holly Corporation.  This new venture was a partnership between Holly and Sinclair and Jim was tasked to develop, design, permit and construct a new 425 mile refined product pipeline system between Salt Lake City, Utah and Las Vegas, Nevada.  Four years later under Jim’s leadership the project was successful in obtaining the permits to construct the pipeline and its related facilities and the system was commissioned in 2011 at a cost of nearly $450 million dollars. With this project complete Jim chose to retire but continue to serve on the Board of Directors of Holly Energy Partners. 
	            
Throughout his career with Navajo Refining and Holly Energy Partners Jim played an active role on state and federal levels representing the companies on various issues. Jim has worked with many State Representatives, State Senators, Bureau of Land Management, and State Land Office in New Mexico. On the Federal level Jim has worked with the US Fish and Wildlife Department on the Threatened and Endangered Species Rules, Congressman Pearce, Congressman Teague, and Senator Udall and Senator Bingaman’s offices.  In Utah Jim worked extensively with Senator Bennett and Senator Hatch’s offices. 





COMMITTED TO


Quality education for our youth


Sound water policies


Fiscal Responsibility


Support business and industry in Southeastern New Mexico


Upholding family and community values


Tougher drug and gang laws


Southestern N.M. highways and road improvements



 



















James G Townsend - Lithia Springs, GA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James G Townsend in Lithia Springs, GA


James G Townsend

                                                                           Intelius found that James G Townsend  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Lithia Springs, GA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

James E Townsend


Get Report Now

Age

James G Townsend is in his 70s

James Has Lived In

Lithia Springs, GA
Forney, TX
Brant Rock, MA

James's Relatives

Laverne Townsend







James G Townsend



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director at Holly Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James G Townsend
Get a Criminal Check on James G Townsend
Get a Public Record Report on James G Townsend
Get a People Search Report on James G Townsend


James G Townsend's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James G Townsend has lived as well as James G Townsend's phone numbers and email addresses.




James G Townsend Has Lived in 3 States
Georgia Address for James G Townsend


2960 S****** D* 

Lithia Springs, GA


Has Lived In

Lithia Springs, GA
Forney, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James G Townsend

(770) ***-**** - Lithia Springs, GA 
(706) ***-**** - Lithia Springs, GA 
(612) ***-**** - Brant Rock, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James G Townsend

j*******d@***.org


Get Email Report




James G Townsend's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about James G Townsend's academic history.  Find out which schools James G Townsend attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees James G Townsend received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


James G Townsend Has Attended 1 School
Oberlin College 


James G Townsend's Professional Information
Information regarding James G Townsend's professional history.  Find out previous places James G Townsend has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


James G Townsend Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: Holly Corporation
               Title: Director
Company: Atlanta West Pentecostal Church
               Title: Member
James G Townsend's Experience
Title: Director
               Company: Holly Corporation
Job Details
               Holly Corporation, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, is an independent petroleum refiner and marketer that produces high value light products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel and other high value specialty products. Holly operates through its subsidiaries a 100,000 barrels per stream day ("bpsd") refinery located in Artesia, New Mexico, a 125,000 bpsd refinery in Tulsa, Oklahoma and a 31,000 bpsd refinery in Woods Cross, Utah.
Title: Member
               Company: Atlanta West Pentecostal Church
Job Details
               Atlanta West Pentecostal Church is built upon the principles of God's Word. We strive to promote an atmosphere of Apostolic power that changes lives and expands the Kingdom of God through a balanced ministry of biblical preaching and demonstrative worship. We offer a variety of ministries, for both children and adults, in a safe and caring environment. An annual background check is required for all volunteers who work with children. Atlanta West is affiliated with the United Pentecostal Church, Incorporated and has been located in Lithia Springs since 1986.
Additional Professional Information on James G Townsend

 See James G Townsend's LinkedIn Profile



James G Townsend's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James G Townsend


James G Townsend's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James G Townsend's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Townsend
Username Matches

                  JamesTownsend
                  TownsendJames
                  James.Townsend
                  Townsend.James
                  James_Townsend
                  Townsend_James
                  James-Townsend
                  Townsend-James
                  JTownsend
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Townsend







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


















Port Townsend -- Thumbnail History - HistoryLink.org






HistoryLink.org




Home

This Week Then
Today in WA History
New This Week



Explore

About Washington
Timeline
Tours
Slideshows
Roll of Honor



Education

In the Classroom
History Day
Curriculum Materials



About

About
Staff and Historians
Trustees and Advisers
Donors
Sponsors & Partners
Store
Book Reviews



Events

HistoryLunch



Search


Contact

Commissioned Work
Writing for HistoryLink





Facebook
Twitter
Search
Donate








Previous Feature


Next Feature


Port Townsend -- Thumbnail History

By John Caldbick
Posted 5/05/2014
HistoryLink.org Essay 10752


Share

Email
Share
Tweet




Few places in Washington can match Port Townsend's long saga of soaring dreams, bitter disappointments, near death, and gradual rebirth. Located on Jefferson County's Quimper Peninsula at the northeast corner of of the Olympic Peninsula, near where the Strait of Juan de Fuca meets Admiralty Inlet, the future town site was home to a band of the Klallam Tribe and smaller groups from other tribes. The first non-Indian settlers arrived in 1851, and Port Townsend, because of its position near the entrance to the sound, soon became Puget Sound's Customs Port of Entry and a bustling port, seemingly destined for greatness. But its progress was repeatedly thwarted, primarily by the absence of a railroad connection to the major markets then developing on Puget Sound to the south. It survived years of population loss and economic stagnation before the economy was stabilized by the opening of a paper mill in 1928. The city grew slowly over the following decades and gradually blossomed as a tourist destination noted for its natural setting, maritime charm, and many well-preserved homes and buildings from the late Victorian age. The Port Townsend Historic Landmark District was established in 1977, one of three surviving Victorian-era seaports in the nation.
Kah Tai
When Port Townsend (originally "Townshend") Bay was named in 1792 by British Captain George Vancouver (1757-1798), the area around today's Port Townsend was occupied primarily by members of the Klallam (or S'Klallam) Tribe, who called the spot Kah Tai. They wintered in large communal cedar pole-and-plank homes along the shoreline, moving off in smaller family groups during warmer months to fish, hunt, forage, and trade.
Shore-dwelling Indians in the Northwest were early victims of diseases brought by sea-borne Spanish and British explorers. Starting in the late eighteenth century, they fell prey to smallpox, measles, diphtheria, and other pathogens that can no longer be identified with certainty. These plagues came in waves and went on for many decades. Records of the British Hudson's Bay Company estimated that as late as 1845 there were 1,500 surviving Klallams; less than 10 years later, the company counted only about 400. However, numbers vary widely depending on who was doing the counting and where. An 1855 census conducted by geologist and ethnographer George Gibbs (1815-1873) counted with impressive precision 926 surviving Klallams, more than double the Hudson's Bay total.
Shortly after Washington Territory was created in 1853, the first territorial governor, Isaac Ingalls Stevens (1818-1862), set about clearing much of the land of its indigenous inhabitants. The Klallam, and the Chimakum and Skokomish tribes, gave up most of their homelands in the January 1855 Treaty of Point No Point. They had little bargaining power, and the negotiations, if such they may be called, were conducted in Chinook Jargon, a trading tongue of limited vocabulary. Under considerable pressure, the tribes ceded their rights to nearly 440,000 acres of land, receiving in return a mere 3,480-acre Skokomish reservation on Hood Canal, the "right of taking fish at usual and accustomed grounds and stations," and $60,000 payable over 20 years (Treaty of Point No Point).
The Klallams living on the shore of Port Townsend Bay were loathe to move to the Skokomish Reservation, and most remained in place. Under two successive chiefs, S'Hai-ak (d. 1854) and his younger brother, Chetzemoka (1808?-1888), they lived on good terms with the early settlers. Chetzemoka, called the "Duke of York" by whites who had trouble pronouncing Indian names, visited San Francisco in the summer of 1851 (why and with whom does not appear in the record). There he met James G. Swan (1818-1900), a chronicler, ethnographer, lawyer, and all-around polymath who later would become an important figure in Port Townsend's history.
Chetzemoka saw white settlement as inevitable and maintained friendly relations with the newcomers, though that ultimately did little good -- nearly all the Indians in Port Townsend were ousted in 1871, their beach dwellings burned and their canoes towed to the Skokomish Reservation. Chetzemoka soon brought most of his band back to Port Townsend Bay, settling on Indian Island across from the town site. Many Klallams integrated with the area's non-Indian communities, while others gathered into four distinct groups: the Jamestown S'Klallam, the Port Gamble S'Klallam, the Lower Elwha Klallam, and the Sc'ianew First Nations on Vancouver Island.
The First Settlers
William R. "Blanket Bill" Jarman (1818-1912) arrived at Port Townsend Bay by canoe in 1848 and lived for some time with the family of Chief S'Hai-ak (later called "King George" by settlers). He was the first outsider known to have done more than pass briefly through the area on the way to somewhere else, but he claimed no land and did not put down permanent roots.
In the early 1850s, the trading brig George Emery under Captain Lafayette Balch (1825-1862) sailed frequently back and forth between San Francisco and Puget Sound, carrying mostly timber and often stopping at Port Townsend Bay. In August 1850, Henry C. Wilson (1812-1862), a clerk on the ship, disembarked there and filed a donation claim on the western shore. Although he did not immediately take up residence, he would later return, and Wilson's was the first recorded legal claim on Klallam land at Port Townsend.
Two bachelors, Alfred A. Plummer (1822-1883) and Charles Bachelder, passed Port Townsend as passengers on the George Emery while heading for Port Steilacoom, a trading depot farther south on Puget Sound. Balch encouraged the two to settle on the Olympic Peninsula, and after working at Port Steilacoom for a time they obtained an Indian canoe, paddled north, and came ashore on April 24, 1851, near Point Hudson. They filed donation claims on land about a mile from Wilson's and built a two-room, 15- by-30-foot cabin (at what is now the corner of Water and Tyler streets), becoming Port Townsend's first permanent non-Native settlers.
Plummer and Bachelder were soon joined by Loren B. Hastings (1814-1881) and Francis W. Pettygrove (1812-1887), two family men looking for a new place to settle. Pettygrove had come to Oregon Territory by sea in 1843 and cofounded the city of Portland. In 1849 he and Hastings traveled together to the California gold rush and did well selling supplies to gold seekers. They decided to move with their families to Puget Sound, and in October 1851 the men traveled down the Columbia River, up the Cowlitz, then overland to Olympia and finally by canoe to Point Hudson. There they were met by Plummer and Bachelder, and the four agreed to form a partnership and create a town. Hastings and Pettygrove staked claims on the bay between those of Plummer and Bachelder to the north and that of Wilson to the south. They returned to Portland, where Hastings purchased a 60-foot schooner, the Mary Taylor. In February 1852 (some sources say February 15, some the 21st, and others the 23rd), the Hastings, Pettygroves, and one other family left the ship in Port Townsend Bay and took up their new lives.
The Klallams were friendly and helpful to these first settlers, but Chief S'Hai-ak wanted compensation for the land they were claiming as homesteads. He was given some trade goods and told that the U.S. government would eventually pay for the land, a promise the newcomers may well have believed to be true. Then there was a rift among the settlers: Charles Bachelder had a liking for strong drink (something all had agreed to avoid), and his interests were bought out. The three remaining partners soldiered on, building a warehouse and starting a fish business (the town's first commercial enterprise) and a trading post.
A Curious Choice
As the city developed, it took on a roughly triangular shape, with the apex at the tip of Point Hudson, pointing east, broadening as it grew inland to the west. Many of the early arrivals took homesteads in Happy Valley (so named by Loren Hastings), a three-mile swath of fertile but swampy land that lay in the north half of the triangle, between the open Strait of Juan de Fuca on the north and the northwest shore of Port Townsend Bay near Point Hudson on the south. The place the settlers chose for a commercial center was south of that, and far from ideal. There much of the shore was separated from the uplands by a high bluff, just one of several topographical challenges. As later described by architectural historian Carolyn Pitts:

"The new residents built log cabins at scattered locations in the surrounding area. The topography and dense forestation of the [site] presented many difficulties that influenced early patterns of development. The lagoon at Point Hudson was essentially a depression produced by shifting sand and the remaining beach was susceptible to flooding because of its elevation. What little land that remained in front of the bluff was cut off at high water from the beach farther down the bay which, although the bluff tapered off, was useless as it was a continually flooded marshland. On top of the bluff, the plateau was impenetrable; a dense undergrowth everywhere except along the edge" (NRHP Nomination Form, 2).

At the end of 1852, Port Townsend's non-Indian population was just the three families and 15 single white men, living on a problematic site. But the dearth of other settlements on the Olympic Peninsula and Port Townsend's position at the gateway to Puget Sound would soon give it prominence beyond its size.
The Power of Place
Jefferson County was established as part of Oregon Territory on December 22, 1852, and Port Townsend was named county seat, although it may not legally have been a town at all. Some sources date the first plat to 1852, and that is certainly when Hastings and Pettygrove made their claims. However, the first formal plat map appears to be one that was recorded with the Jefferson County auditor on August 2, 1856. It showed 144 lots, most of which were on top of the bluff. The proposed route of aptly named Water Street, which would become the town's main downtown thoroughfare, was partially submerged much of the time, and the only buildable lots along the waterfront lay between it and the bluff, a distance of about one city block.
Washington Territory was created on March 2, 1853, and in 1854 the headquarters of the Puget Sound Customs Collection District was moved to Port Townsend from Olympia. A federal district court was established that same year, and in 1855 Dr. Samuel M. McCurdy (1805-1865) opened the privately owned Marine Hospital to provide medical services to seamen and quarantine for those carrying contagious diseases. In 1856, the U.S. military established Fort Townsend about four miles down the bay near Chimacum Creek, which was the nearest reliable source of good water. The fort was built to protect the town's citizens from Indian attack, but many believed it was too far away to be of much use.
Much of the town's early economy was based on barter, as there was little cash around and little to buy with what there was. But every ship arriving from foreign ports had to stop at Port Townsend to clear customs, and many domestic vessels also stopped before sailing down Puget Sound to Seattle and other growing communities to the south. In 1858, D. C. H. Rothschild (1824-1886) opened the Kentucky Store, the town's first general mercantile establishment. That same year, Charles Eisenbeis (1833-1902), who would later become the city's first mayor, opened a cracker factory, primarily to supply hardtack to visiting ships. The first deep-water wharf was built in 1859 by Captain Ernest Fowler, who would also, in 1871, erect the city's first stone building. By 1860, Port Townsend's population was 264, enough to make it the seventh-most-populous place in the territory.
Optimists, particularly those with sizeable stakes in its prosperity, began calling Port Townsend such things as the "Key City" of Puget Sound and the "New York of the West," expressions of hope far more than reality. Not everyone shared these rosy views, and contemporary opinions about Port Townsend and its future ran the gamut from bullish hyperbole to scathing contempt. In 1856, J. Ross Browne (1821-1875), an inspector for the U.S. Treasury Department, reported:

"The streets of Port Townsend are paved with sand, and the public squares are curiously ornamented with dead horses and the bones of many dead cows. This of course gives a very original appearance to the public pleasure grounds and enables strangers to know when they arrive in the city, by reason of the peculiar odor, so that, even admitting the absence of lamps, no person can fail to recognize Port Townsend in the darkest night" (Morgan, "J. Ross Browne ...").

The residents of Port Townsend begged to differ, quite vociferously, and Browne later issued an apology of sorts.
A petition was made to the territorial legislature in December 1859 to incorporate Port Townsend and grant a charter for self-rule. Among those signing were Hastings, Plummer, Pettygrove, and Henry C. Wilson, who had returned to take up his 1850 claim. The legislature granted the request on January 16, 1860, making Port Townsend the fourth incorporated city in the territory, after Steilacoom, Olympia, and Vancouver. Under the charter, a five-member board of trustees (later reduced to three) was elected, and it appointed a clerk and a marshal. In 1882, the legislature changed Port Townsend's governance to the mayor/council form, and it later changed again, to a city manager and council.
With incorporation, Port Townsend had the power to handle its own affairs, some of which soon became rather complicated. Victor Smith (1827-1865), appointed federal customs collector in 1861, had views similar to Browne's, and professed himself unhappy that a place like Port Townsend was an official port of entry to the United States and its territories. After describing the city as "a collection of huts," he recommended that its federal functions be moved west down the Strait of Juan de Fuca to Port Angeles, a place far less developed than Port Townsend, but where Smith happened to be speculating in land (Morgan, "Victor Smith ..."). His dogged efforts were successful, and on June 18, 1862, Congress authorized moving the customs district headquarters. Port Townsend residents resisted, claiming, among other things, that Smith had embezzled from the customs accounts. But Smith was determined; he threatened to shell Port Townsend from the lighthouse tender U.S.S. Shubrick if the customs-house files were not turned over. They were, and he decamped with them to Port Angeles. Smith drowned in 1865, and Port Townsend was able in 1866 to reclaim its status as headquarters of the Customs District of Puget Sound, ensuring its survival, if not its future prosperity.
Getting By, But Not Big
The bloody Civil War and its aftermath preoccupied the nation during much of the 1860s, and although it was remote from the battlefields, the march of progress in Washington Territory slowed. The federal census of 1870 counted 593 non-Native residents in Port Townsend, a little more than twice the 1860 count and enough to make it then the fourth-largest city in the territory after Walla Walla, Olympia, and Seattle (in that order), but with barely half the population of the latter.
The nation's economy slowly returned to normal after the war. Rumors of railroads fueled a building boom in Port Townsend that began in the early 1870s, but for the time being the city got by with a mix of agriculture, logging, and catering to the maritime trade. Chandleries carried ship supplies of every description, and hotels, saloons, and bordellos were built to house and entertain the steady stream of seamen passing through. It was estimated that half the ships entering Puget Sound picked up crew in Port Townsend, and "crimping," or shanghaiing, was not uncommon and would continue for many years.
But technology was advancing, and as steam-powered vessels increasingly replaced sail in the 1870s and 1880s, the fluky inland winds of Puget Sound became largely irrelevant to navigation. If steamships didn't have to stop at Port Townsend for customs inspection, they often didn't stop at all. Hopes for a ship-building industry did not pan out, due mostly to the early exhaustion of the supply of suitably tall trees from nearby forests. No doubt for the same reason, the area's first large sawmills went in not at Port Townsend, but at Port Ludlow 15 miles to the south and at Port Gamble on the Kitsap Peninsula to the east. Nor did the arable land near the city produce enough to support an agricultural export trade of any appreciable size, although Port Townsend's wharves also handled produce from other area communities.
The mix of activities supported steady if very slow growth, and by 1875 there were 66 Port Townsend businesses listed in a regional directory. The first brick home, owned by Hiram Parrish (1856-1931), was built in 1878 with bricks made in Happy Valley by S. M. Eskildsen (1850-1936). By 1880 the population had increased to 917, but faster growth elsewhere made the city again only the seventh-largest in the territory. Port Townsend was surviving, even growing somewhat, but it was losing ground to other territorial population centers.
The Railroad Problem
One person who did not share Browne's and Smith's dyspeptic views of Port Townsend was James G. Swan. Originally from Massachusetts, he had spent three years on Shoalwater (later Willapa) Bay on the Washington coast, and then served as secretary to Isaac Stevens when Stevens was a territorial delegate in Washington, D.C. Swan moved to Port Townsend in 1859, and described the community he found:

"During the last eight years, the growth of the town has been gradual but permanent, and it now numbers 300 inhabitants. There are between fifty and sixty buildings in the place ... . There are two good wharves ... and the facilities for business accommodation are equal to any I have yet seen in the Territory. ...
"... If Mr. Browne's report was correct, there certainly has been a wonderful change for the better. The 'beach-combers' and 'outlaws' as Mr. Brown designated the inhabitants -- with very few exceptions -- have left the place" (Almost Out of the World, 12-13).

The citizens of Port Townsend placed much of their hope for the future on the coming of the railroad, and like those in many other pioneer towns they would suffer bitter disappointment. Perhaps no one suffered more than Swan, who for nearly 30 years struggled to link his city by rail to the wider world. He was seemingly well placed to do so; he served from 1867 to 1871 as an agent of the Northern Pacific Railroad, hired to study and recommend sites for a western terminus that would extend the company's line northward from Portland into the rapidly growing Puget Sound region. Swan of course recommended Port Townsend, but in 1873 the railroad ignored his advice and chose Tacoma.
Despite this disappointment, between 1880 and 1890 Port Townsend's population grew by nearly 400 percent, to 4,558. While this looks impressive enough in isolation, during the same decade Seattle's population increased by more than 1,100 percent, Tacoma's by nearly 3,500 percent, and Spokane's by nearly 5,300 percent. People were pouring into the Northwest, but the vast majority of them were settling somewhere other than Port Townsend.
Nevertheless, dreams of a rail link persisted, and some of the town's leading citizens eventually decided to take matters into their own hands. On September 28, 1887, the Port Townsend & Southern Railroad was incorporated and announced plans to run tracks south to Hood Canal, then on to Olympia. The hope (couched more as a promise to prospective investors) was that one of the major railroads would see this as an opportunity, take over the completed line, tie it in with the transcontinental system, and empower Port Townsend to compete with the down-sound cities that were fast outstripping it in every quantifiable category. Rights of way were purchased in 1888 and construction began in early 1889, but the money ran out after a mere mile of track was laid.
Later in 1889 (the year Washington gained statehood), the Union Pacific offered to make Port Townsend the northern terminus of its transcontinental line, if it could acquire the Port Townsend & Southern's franchise and rights of way, and if the city kicked in $100,000. The citizenry was swept again by railroad dreams, and the town's newspaper, the Leader, predicted: "This day means a great deal more to us than we are aware of at present ... . Port Townsend will now get its share of the wealth and commerce of Europe that annually finds its way hither and has heretofore passed us by" (City of Dreams, 215).
Some outsiders were more clear-eyed, but no one was listening. In an 1889 report prepared for the Seattle, Lake Shore & Eastern Railway, which also was looking to expand, attorney W. H. Ruffner summed up the fundamental geographical nature of the problem: "The location of Port Townsend puts that town out of the general competition ... " ("A Report on Washington Territory"). There simply was no compelling economic rationale for a rail link to the still-remote tip of the Quimper Peninsula.
But dreams die hard. The Union Pacific's conditions were met, and on October 2, 1889, a groundbreaking ceremony two miles west of town drew practically the entire population to hear speeches proclaiming impending glory. Work was to begin simultaneously at Portland and Port Townsend, and everyone looked forward to the day the two would join, ending Port Townsend's isolation and realizing its long-held ambitions. Property values soared, and in 1890 alone real-estate transactions in Port Townsend totaled nearly $4.6 million, and this in a city with barely 4,500 residents. Before that year was out, the city boasted six banks, six dry-goods stores, six hardware stores, 10 hotels, 28 real estate offices, and three street-car lines. Flush with optimism, Port Townsend started to build an impressive new city hall on the corner of Water and Madison streets.
Fittingly, as it would turn out, the contract to start railroad construction south from Port Townsend was let on April Fool's Day, 1890. By June, 2,000 men were at work. A depot, roundhouse, and railyard were being built on landfill at Kah Tai Lagoon at the south end of the city, and by September there were trains running daily to Leland Lake, about twenty miles away. While the rails were heading south out of town, two grand symbols of optimism were rising in the city. On the bluff above downtown, construction began in 1891 on the Romanesque Jefferson County Courthouse, complete with a 124-foot clock tower. It opened late the next year. Beneath the bluff, at the corner of Madison and Water streets, the new city hall also opened in 1892. Both buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in the early 1970s, and both were renovated in the first decade of the twenty-first century.
Despite all the apparent progress, things were starting to go badly wrong. In the south, Union Pacific's subsidiary, the Oregon Improvement Company, had been devoting its energies to unsuccessful land speculation rather than laying track, and it went into bankruptcy receivership in 1891. In the north, the railroad was completed as far as Quilcene, where, according to railroad historian Steve Hauff, "somebody noticed that Mount Walker was there. They found there was really no way to get around this, and that was the end of it" ("Railroads Gone ... "). And the end it was, at least of any realistic hope that Port Townsend would become a leading city in the young state.
On the heels of the local railroad debacle came the national financial meltdown known as the Panic of 1893, which was triggered (with particular irony for Port Townsend) by railroad overbuilding and debt. Commerce in the city slowed to a near stop, and the bay became a watery warehouse for a fleet of unused vessels left to slowly rot at anchor. Property values plummeted; like the railroads, the city had drastically overbuilt. Downtown buildings stood vacant, streetcar lines were torn up, and all but the most avid and unrealistic city boosters fell silent.
The city had a brief bright moment in March 1893, when the federal government completed the Port Townsend Post Office, Court, and Customs House on the bluff above downtown. Construction had begun in 1885, and the steel and brick, sandstone-clad building was finished several years late and several times over budget. It was an impressive edifice, but almost contemporaneous with its dedication, people started abandoning the city in droves. Between 1890 and 1900 nearly one-fourth fled, leaving behind a population of less than 3,500. Port Townsend would never again be counted as one of the 10 most populous cities in the state, and it fell into a deep and prolonged decline.
There would be brief outbursts of train hysteria in later years, unrealistic dreams sustained by little more than rumor and vestigial boosterism. The little line to Quilcene ran on until the 1980s, almost always at a loss, and was said to have changed ownership more than any other railroad in the entire country. 
A Triangle of Fire
Few could have been more disappointed than James Swan, but he was an optimist by nature, and before he died in 1900 he was able to perform one last service for the city he loved. The federal government had seen little need for heavy fortifications on Northwest waterways, but in 1891 the Puget Sound Naval Station was established at Bremerton, and it required protection. Fort Townsend was too far from Admiralty Inlet to do much good and had been heavily damaged in a fire. It was closed in 1895, kicking another small crutch out from under the struggling city. But the following year, Congress passed a huge allotment for military fortifications and Swan, who was widely respected and had many contacts in Washington, D.C., lobbied hard to bring some of that money to Port Townsend. While the extent of his influence cannot be accurately judged, the federal government decided to built three forts that together could cover Admiralty Inlet with triangulated artillery fire -- Fort Casey, on Whidbey Island's Admiralty Head across from Port Townsend; Fort Flagler on the north end of Marrowstone Island; and Fort Worden, on the northern outskirts of Port Townsend at Point Wilson. All were substantially completed by 1902, and Fort Worden was designated Coastal Defense Headquarters.
These facilities did not lead to great prosperity for the city, but their construction and presence did provide a lifeline when it was most needed. Over the ensuing years, the forts' economic contributions varied with their state of activation. In threatening times and during war, troop levels increased and the local economy benefited. In peaceful times or times of government belt-tightening, the forts were more lightly manned, and nearby communities suffered. They were no replacement for the boost a rail link would have brought, but they helped keep Port Townsend alive when it had few other prospects.
The Mill and the Military
The forts' modest boost helped the city's population to increase between 1900 and 1910, albeit by barely 700 souls. But the military presence may have been a mixed blessing. A comprehensive study of the city's educational system in 1915 noted:

"[T]he fever of old boom days has not been completely lost from the blood; the will to work at the immediate task is not fully present, and the presence of the military with its easy money tends to keep alive the feeling of a glorious past that will surely come again" (Lull, 9).

This may have been a subjective and overly harsh conclusion, but the report did highlight a very real threat to the city's future.

"The most universal remark which one hears from the young people and from the old too, is this: 'Why should a young man remain in Port Townsend? There is nothing for him to do here.' ... Port Townsend is now playing a losing game; it is educating its young people for a life that they will lead elsewhere" (Lull, 10).

The bleakness of the situation should not be overstated, however. The sun still shone on Port Townsend, and the beauty of its natural setting made up for much. Many residents were solidly middleclass, by the measure of the day, and a fortunate few got rich. Like any city, Port Townsend had its share of murders, scandals, mysterious disappearances, divorces, and other events to keep the citizenry entertained. But for most of the first 30 years of the twentieth century, and particularly after the customs headquarters moved to Seattle in 1911, it lay largely outside the flow of historical events, a small, quiet city on a quiet peninsula. It enjoyed a brief, moderate boom during World War I, but by 1920 the population had fallen back to 2,847, the lowest since the mid-1880s. In 1924, county voters approved the formation of a public port district, but a persistent lack of financing ensured that it would accomplish very little until the 1950s. Some in Port Townsend may still have dreamt of greatness, but the decades of false hope had taken their toll.
Finally, in 1927, a single, large, stable employer came to town. The Zellerbach Corporation of San Francisco, through its subsidiary National Paper Products Company, announced in July of that year that it would build a kraft-paper plant at Glen Cove, about three miles down the bay from Point Hudson. The plant would require vast amounts of fresh water, and Port Townsend promptly applied for and received water rights to the Big Quilcene and Little Quilcene rivers. In addition to providing immediate construction jobs and long-term employment opportunities, the company absorbed much of the cost of rebuilding the city's aged water-supply system. More than 600 workers were hired to build the plant. The new water system was activated on October 5, 1928, and the mill started production the next day. In 1929, the Crown Zellerbach Port Townsend Mill, as it was then called, had 275 employees and an annual payroll of $325,000. Of equal importance, the gravitational pull of such a large enterprise drew a wide range of supporting businesses to the city. By 1930 the population had rebounded to 3,970, up nearly 40 percent over 1920 and the largest census count since the boom times of 1890. To the great satisfaction of those with long memories, Port Townsend remained relatively prosperous throughout the dark years of the Great Depression, and for the first time in many decades was the object of some envy.
In 1940 the city's population reached a new high of 4,693, and it increased further with the arrival of approximately 2,500 military personnel after America's entry into World War II in December 1941. The war brought prosperity; the Crown Zellerbach mill ran 24 hours a day, and soldiers from the three nearby forts spent their leave and their money in town. By 1950 the population had grown to 6,888, but the stimulus provided by the military tapered off with demobilization and ended with the closure of the forts. Fort Flagler and Fort Worden closed permanently in 1953 and Fort Casey in 1956. All became state parks and continued to benefit the region as tourist attractions. Fort Worden gave the city an additional if temporary economic boost in 1981 when it was used as a location for the hit movie An Officer and a Gentleman.
Due to the fort closures, by 1960 the city's population had fallen by more than one-quarter, to 5,074, and many in Port Townsend must have felt the boom-and-bust history was being dismally repeated. But there was one big difference this time -- the paper mill stayed. It remained the county's largest employer and still supported a bevy of related businesses. Once again, the city clawed its way back, and after the setback of 1960 the population grew in every census, reaching 9,113 in 2010.
A City in Amber
The building boom of the 1880s and early 1890s left Port Townsend's downtown streets lined with impressive buildings characteristic of the period, and a number of its notable mansions remained well-preserved. The predominant styles were variations of late-Victorian architecture. Many of the downtown buildings sat empty for years, but relatively few were destroyed, either for lack of funds or lack of other uses for the property they sat on. Left largely untouched, they eventually proved to be of considerable benefit. 
In 1961, Seattle architect and preservationist Victor Steinbrueck (1911-1985) gave a lecture in Port Townsend sponsored by the city's Art League and Chamber of Commerce. He told the assembled, "Port Townsend is a museum and you are the caretakers" (City of Dreams, 114). His words were taken to heart, and the city first drew on its architectural legacy in January 1963 with a showing of just one of its historic homes, the Saunders House at the south end of town. The organizers of this first Homes Tour expected two or three hundred visitors at most; nearly 2,000 showed up, causing a huge traffic jam. It was clear they were on to something.
The Homes Tour became an annual event of increasing popularity, and the people of Port Townsend quickly came to realize that their city, however inadvertently, had preserved the only largely intact Victorian seaport on the West Coast. Beginning in the early 1970s, the city, the Port of Port Townsend, and others worked to gain official recognition for the historic waterfront and the nineteenth-century residential area located on the bluff above downtown. Both were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, and a year later the area encompassing them was designated a National Historic Landmark District, as was the former military base at Fort Worden.
It was also in 1977 that the city hosted North America's first-ever Wooden Boat Festival at the Point Hudson Marina (owned and operated by the port district), and this led to the 1978 creation of the Wooden Boat Foundation, which sponsored the event in later years, always drawing crowds in the thousands. In 2008, the foundation opened its Northwest Marine Center, sponsor of everything from boat-repair classes to regattas, and home to the Wooden Boat Chandlery, a one-stop shop for boat lovers.
By 2014, in addition to the historic landmark district, Port Townsend had at least 25 individual buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The largest employer remained the Crown Zellerbach mill, but a thriving boat-building industry -- everything from small wooden sailing craft to large mega-yachts -- had developed, along with numerous facilities, large and small, for ship repair.
As the city's charms became more widely known, it drew increasing numbers of retired people and empty-nesters, and many brought with them the desire and the means to help Port Townsend preserve its heritage. In 2000, the city was awarded the Great American Main Street Award, a national prize recognizing preservation-based economic-revitalization efforts. Several of the city's historic houses were converted to bed-and-breakfasts, and in its well-preserved downtown district visitors shopped for everything from antiques to zucchini. In 2006, a major restoration of the nineteenth-century City Hall, home since 1951 to the Jefferson County Historical Society, was completed.
The first 75 years of Port Townsend's history were a roller coaster of high hopes, big gambles, bad breaks, and deep disappointments. With the coming of the Zellerbach mill in 1928, the city settled into a long period of relative economic stability, but with greatly lowered expectations. While dreams of becoming the New York of the West did not come close to realization, most who live in Port Townsend today, surrounded by the area's natural beauty and the well-preserved architecture of the past, would probably say that things turned out just fine, after all.


This essay made possible by: 
Association of Washington Cities 







Water Street, Port Townsend, 1900s
Postcard





Cabin built in 1851 by Alfred A. Plummer and Charles Bachelder, Port Townsend, n.d.
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Neg. UW5082)





Albert A. Plummer (1822-1883), Port Townsend, n.d.
Courtesy History of the Pacific Northwest: Oregon and Washington





Potlatch ceremony, Klallam Tribe, Port Townsend, May 1859
Watercolor by James G. Swan, Courtesy Yale Collection of Western Americana, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library (Record No. 2003195)





Klallam (S'Klallam) Chief Chetzemoka (1808?-1888), n.d.
Photo by James G. Swan, Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. indnport--94)





Francis W. Pettygrove (1812-1887), Port Townsend, n.d.
Courtesy History of the Pacific Northwest: Oregon and Washington





Plat map of Port Townsend, August 2, 1856
Courtesy Jefferson County





Loren B. Hastings (1814-1881), Port Townsend, n.d.
Courtesy History of the Pacific Northwest: Oregon and Washington





Port Townsend, 1860s
Courtesy Washington State Secretary of State





Water Street, Port Townsend, ca. 1862
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Neg. No. 23139z)





James G. Swan (1818-1900), Port Townsend, June 1883
Courtesy Yale Collection of Western Americana, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library (Record No. 2003293)





Barracks, Fort Townsend, Jefferson County, ca. 1885
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 	WAS1188)





View down Taylor Street to waterfront, Port Townsend, ca. 1890
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 	WAS0669)





Fire brigade at new City Hall, Port Townsend, July 4, 1892
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Neg. No. UW5113)





James Swan (1818-1900) in front of his Port Townsend office, ca. 1895
Courtesy UW Special Collections (UW3840)





Jefferson County Courthouse (W.A. Ritchie, 1890), Port Townsend, ca. 1895
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. WAS0497)





Post Office and Customs House, Port Townsend, ca. 1898
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 	WAS3359)





Point Hudson, entrance to Port Townsend Bay beyond, ca. 1898
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 	WAS3396)





Water Street, Port Townsend, 1908
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. UW5135)





Chetzemoka Park, Port Townsend, 1920s
Postcard





Downtown Port Townsend, 1926
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 12031)





Crown Zellerbach National Paper Products plant under construction, Port Townsend, 1928
Courtesy Port Townsend Paper Corporation





Crown Zellerbach pulp and paper mill, Port Townsend, 1930
Courtesy Port Townsend Paper Corporation





Ann Starrett Mansion, Port Townsend, 1950s
Postcard





Docks at Port Townsend, May 10, 2003
HistoryLink.org Photo by Kit Oldham





Bandstand at Chetzemoka Park, Port Townsend, May 10, 2003
HistoryLink.org Photo by Kit Oldham





Officer's Row, Fort Worden, May 11, 2003
HistoryLink.org Photo by Kit Oldham





Water Street, Port Townsend, November 3, 2007
HistoryLink.org Photo by Priscilla Long





Water Street, Port Townsend, November 3, 2007
HistoryLink.org Photo by Priscilla Long





Port Townsend Post Office, Court, and Customs House, Port Townsend, 2008
Courtesy Artifacts Consulting, Inc.





Point Hudson Marina, Port Townsend, 2009
Courtesy Port of Port Townsend






Sources:
City of Dreams: A Guide to Port Townsend ed. by Peter Simpson (Port Townsend: Bay Press, 1986); Jerry Gorsline, "History," Port Gamble S'Klallam Tribe website accessed February 22, 2014 (https://www.pgst.nsn.us/land-and-people-and-lifestyle/history); "S'Klallam and Chemakum Indian Tribes on Olympic Peninsula When Jarman Settled There in 1848-52," Skagit River Journal website accessed February 24, 2014 (http://www.skagitriverjournal.com/WA/OlyPen/Indians1-SKlallamChemakumJarman.html); "Was Jarman First Settler in Port Townsend Area?" Skagit River Journal website accessed February 24, 2014 (http://www.skagitriverjournal.com/WA/OlyPen/Jefferson/PT/PTownsend2-EarlyTown.html); Hubert Howe Bancroft, History of Washington, Idaho, and Montana 1845-1889 (San Francisco: The History Company, 1890), 18-21; National Register of Historic Places Inventory -- Nomination Form, "Port Townsend Historic District," National Park Service website accessed February 25, 2014 (pdfhost.focus.nps.gov/docs/NHLS/Text/76001883.pdf‎); Harry Dudley, "Loren Brown Hastings," JTenlen website accessed February 25, 2014 (http://jtenlen.drizzlehosting.com/bios/lbhastings.html); "Port Townsend (WA) and the Indians," Native American Netroots website accessed February 25, 2014 (http://nativeamericannetroots.net/diary/tag/Chet-ze-moka); "Elwha Klallam Historical Timeline," Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe website accessed February 26, 2014 (http://www.elwha.org/cultureandhistory/historicaltimeline.html); Murray C. Morgan, "J. Ross Browne and Port Townsend" and "James G. Swan, Promoter," excerpts from The Last Wilderness (Seattle: University of Washington Press, 1955) available at (http://www.tacomapubliclibrary.org/morgan/Indexmm.htm); Morgan, "Victor Smith, Port Townsend and the Customs House," Tacoma Public Library website accessed February 26, 2014 (http://www.tacomapubliclibrary.org/morgan/Vicsmith.htm); "19th Century Jefferson County Chronology," WaGenWeb website accessed February 27, 2014 (http://wagenweb.org/jefferson/chronology.html); James G. Swan, Almost Out of the World (Tacoma: Washington State Historical Society, 1971), 9-17; "Decennial Census Counts of Population for Cities and Town," Washington State Office of Financial Management website accessed February 27, 2014 (http://www.ofm.wa.gov/pop/census.asp); "Biographical Note," Guide to the James Gilchrist Swan Papers: 1833-1909, Northwest Digital Archives website accessed February 28, 2014 (http://nwda.orbiscascade.org/ark:/80444/xv77646); Jeff Chew, "Railroads Gone, But Left Mark on Peninsula; Train Lines Often Determined a Town's Status," Peninsula Daily News, February 13, 2011 (www.peninsuladailynews.com); W. H. Ruffner, A Report on Washington Territory (New York: Fleming, Brewster, & Alley, 1889); Meribeth Meixner Reed, "Describing the Life Cycle of U.S. Marine Hospital #17, Port Townsend, Washington, 1855-1933," Military Medicine, April 2005, pp. 259-267; Herbert G. Lull, et al., "A Survey of the Port Townsend Public Schools," Bulletin of the University of Washington, August 1915, available at (http://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=pst.000052852275;view=1up;seq=3); "Water Quality -- History," City of Port Townsend website accessed March 2, 2014 (http://cityofpt.us/waterquality.htm); "Washington -- Jefferson County," National Register of Historic Places website accessed March 4, 2014 (http://www.nationalregisterofhistoricplaces.com/wa/Jefferson/state.html); HistoryLink.org Online Encyclopedia of Washington State History, "Victor Smith forcibly moves the U.S. Customs Port of Entry for Washington Territory from Port Townsend to Port Angeles on August 1, 1862" (by Daryl C. McClary), "Port Angeles -- Thumbnail History" (by Kit Oldham), "1870 Census ... " (by John Caldbick), "Alfred A. Plummer and Charles Bachelder settle on the site of future Port Townsend on April 24, 1851" (by Kit Oldham), "The Washington Territorial Legislature incorporates the city of Port Townsend on January 16, 1860" (by Kit Oldham), "Swan, James G. (1818-1900)" (by Kit Oldham), "Triangle of Fire -- The Harbor Defenses of Puget Sound (1897-1953)" (by Daryl C. McClary), "Crown Zellerbach's National Paper Products Mill in Port Townsend starts operation on October 6, 1928" (by Daryl C. McClary), and "Treaty of Point No Point, 1855," www.historylink.org/ (accessed March 3, 2014).


Related Topics:  
Cities & Towns





< Previous Feature


Next Feature >





Licensing: This essay is licensed under a Creative Commons license that
    encourages   reproduction with attribution. Credit should be given to both
    HistoryLink.org and to the author, and sources must be included with any
    reproduction. Click the icon for more info. Please note that this
    Creative Commons license applies to text only, and not to images. For
    more information regarding individual photos or images, please contact
    the source noted in the image credit.





        Major Support for HistoryLink.org Provided
        By:
     The State of Washington | Patsy Bullitt Collins
    | Paul G. Allen Family Foundation | Museum Of History & Industry
    | 4Culture (King County Lodging Tax Revenue) | City of Seattle
    | City of Bellevue | City of Tacoma | King County | The Peach
    Foundation | Microsoft Corporation, Other Public and Private
    Sponsors and Visitors Like You




















Port Townsend -- Thumbnail History - HistoryLink.org






HistoryLink.org




Home

This Week Then
Today in WA History
New This Week



Explore

About Washington
Timeline
Tours
Slideshows
Roll of Honor



Education

In the Classroom
History Day
Curriculum Materials



About

About
Staff and Historians
Trustees and Advisers
Donors
Sponsors & Partners
Store
Book Reviews



Events

HistoryLunch



Search


Contact

Commissioned Work
Writing for HistoryLink





Facebook
Twitter
Search
Donate








Previous Feature


Next Feature


Port Townsend -- Thumbnail History

By John Caldbick
Posted 5/05/2014
HistoryLink.org Essay 10752


Share

Email
Share
Tweet




Few places in Washington can match Port Townsend's long saga of soaring dreams, bitter disappointments, near death, and gradual rebirth. Located on Jefferson County's Quimper Peninsula at the northeast corner of of the Olympic Peninsula, near where the Strait of Juan de Fuca meets Admiralty Inlet, the future town site was home to a band of the Klallam Tribe and smaller groups from other tribes. The first non-Indian settlers arrived in 1851, and Port Townsend, because of its position near the entrance to the sound, soon became Puget Sound's Customs Port of Entry and a bustling port, seemingly destined for greatness. But its progress was repeatedly thwarted, primarily by the absence of a railroad connection to the major markets then developing on Puget Sound to the south. It survived years of population loss and economic stagnation before the economy was stabilized by the opening of a paper mill in 1928. The city grew slowly over the following decades and gradually blossomed as a tourist destination noted for its natural setting, maritime charm, and many well-preserved homes and buildings from the late Victorian age. The Port Townsend Historic Landmark District was established in 1977, one of three surviving Victorian-era seaports in the nation.
Kah Tai
When Port Townsend (originally "Townshend") Bay was named in 1792 by British Captain George Vancouver (1757-1798), the area around today's Port Townsend was occupied primarily by members of the Klallam (or S'Klallam) Tribe, who called the spot Kah Tai. They wintered in large communal cedar pole-and-plank homes along the shoreline, moving off in smaller family groups during warmer months to fish, hunt, forage, and trade.
Shore-dwelling Indians in the Northwest were early victims of diseases brought by sea-borne Spanish and British explorers. Starting in the late eighteenth century, they fell prey to smallpox, measles, diphtheria, and other pathogens that can no longer be identified with certainty. These plagues came in waves and went on for many decades. Records of the British Hudson's Bay Company estimated that as late as 1845 there were 1,500 surviving Klallams; less than 10 years later, the company counted only about 400. However, numbers vary widely depending on who was doing the counting and where. An 1855 census conducted by geologist and ethnographer George Gibbs (1815-1873) counted with impressive precision 926 surviving Klallams, more than double the Hudson's Bay total.
Shortly after Washington Territory was created in 1853, the first territorial governor, Isaac Ingalls Stevens (1818-1862), set about clearing much of the land of its indigenous inhabitants. The Klallam, and the Chimakum and Skokomish tribes, gave up most of their homelands in the January 1855 Treaty of Point No Point. They had little bargaining power, and the negotiations, if such they may be called, were conducted in Chinook Jargon, a trading tongue of limited vocabulary. Under considerable pressure, the tribes ceded their rights to nearly 440,000 acres of land, receiving in return a mere 3,480-acre Skokomish reservation on Hood Canal, the "right of taking fish at usual and accustomed grounds and stations," and $60,000 payable over 20 years (Treaty of Point No Point).
The Klallams living on the shore of Port Townsend Bay were loathe to move to the Skokomish Reservation, and most remained in place. Under two successive chiefs, S'Hai-ak (d. 1854) and his younger brother, Chetzemoka (1808?-1888), they lived on good terms with the early settlers. Chetzemoka, called the "Duke of York" by whites who had trouble pronouncing Indian names, visited San Francisco in the summer of 1851 (why and with whom does not appear in the record). There he met James G. Swan (1818-1900), a chronicler, ethnographer, lawyer, and all-around polymath who later would become an important figure in Port Townsend's history.
Chetzemoka saw white settlement as inevitable and maintained friendly relations with the newcomers, though that ultimately did little good -- nearly all the Indians in Port Townsend were ousted in 1871, their beach dwellings burned and their canoes towed to the Skokomish Reservation. Chetzemoka soon brought most of his band back to Port Townsend Bay, settling on Indian Island across from the town site. Many Klallams integrated with the area's non-Indian communities, while others gathered into four distinct groups: the Jamestown S'Klallam, the Port Gamble S'Klallam, the Lower Elwha Klallam, and the Sc'ianew First Nations on Vancouver Island.
The First Settlers
William R. "Blanket Bill" Jarman (1818-1912) arrived at Port Townsend Bay by canoe in 1848 and lived for some time with the family of Chief S'Hai-ak (later called "King George" by settlers). He was the first outsider known to have done more than pass briefly through the area on the way to somewhere else, but he claimed no land and did not put down permanent roots.
In the early 1850s, the trading brig George Emery under Captain Lafayette Balch (1825-1862) sailed frequently back and forth between San Francisco and Puget Sound, carrying mostly timber and often stopping at Port Townsend Bay. In August 1850, Henry C. Wilson (1812-1862), a clerk on the ship, disembarked there and filed a donation claim on the western shore. Although he did not immediately take up residence, he would later return, and Wilson's was the first recorded legal claim on Klallam land at Port Townsend.
Two bachelors, Alfred A. Plummer (1822-1883) and Charles Bachelder, passed Port Townsend as passengers on the George Emery while heading for Port Steilacoom, a trading depot farther south on Puget Sound. Balch encouraged the two to settle on the Olympic Peninsula, and after working at Port Steilacoom for a time they obtained an Indian canoe, paddled north, and came ashore on April 24, 1851, near Point Hudson. They filed donation claims on land about a mile from Wilson's and built a two-room, 15- by-30-foot cabin (at what is now the corner of Water and Tyler streets), becoming Port Townsend's first permanent non-Native settlers.
Plummer and Bachelder were soon joined by Loren B. Hastings (1814-1881) and Francis W. Pettygrove (1812-1887), two family men looking for a new place to settle. Pettygrove had come to Oregon Territory by sea in 1843 and cofounded the city of Portland. In 1849 he and Hastings traveled together to the California gold rush and did well selling supplies to gold seekers. They decided to move with their families to Puget Sound, and in October 1851 the men traveled down the Columbia River, up the Cowlitz, then overland to Olympia and finally by canoe to Point Hudson. There they were met by Plummer and Bachelder, and the four agreed to form a partnership and create a town. Hastings and Pettygrove staked claims on the bay between those of Plummer and Bachelder to the north and that of Wilson to the south. They returned to Portland, where Hastings purchased a 60-foot schooner, the Mary Taylor. In February 1852 (some sources say February 15, some the 21st, and others the 23rd), the Hastings, Pettygroves, and one other family left the ship in Port Townsend Bay and took up their new lives.
The Klallams were friendly and helpful to these first settlers, but Chief S'Hai-ak wanted compensation for the land they were claiming as homesteads. He was given some trade goods and told that the U.S. government would eventually pay for the land, a promise the newcomers may well have believed to be true. Then there was a rift among the settlers: Charles Bachelder had a liking for strong drink (something all had agreed to avoid), and his interests were bought out. The three remaining partners soldiered on, building a warehouse and starting a fish business (the town's first commercial enterprise) and a trading post.
A Curious Choice
As the city developed, it took on a roughly triangular shape, with the apex at the tip of Point Hudson, pointing east, broadening as it grew inland to the west. Many of the early arrivals took homesteads in Happy Valley (so named by Loren Hastings), a three-mile swath of fertile but swampy land that lay in the north half of the triangle, between the open Strait of Juan de Fuca on the north and the northwest shore of Port Townsend Bay near Point Hudson on the south. The place the settlers chose for a commercial center was south of that, and far from ideal. There much of the shore was separated from the uplands by a high bluff, just one of several topographical challenges. As later described by architectural historian Carolyn Pitts:

"The new residents built log cabins at scattered locations in the surrounding area. The topography and dense forestation of the [site] presented many difficulties that influenced early patterns of development. The lagoon at Point Hudson was essentially a depression produced by shifting sand and the remaining beach was susceptible to flooding because of its elevation. What little land that remained in front of the bluff was cut off at high water from the beach farther down the bay which, although the bluff tapered off, was useless as it was a continually flooded marshland. On top of the bluff, the plateau was impenetrable; a dense undergrowth everywhere except along the edge" (NRHP Nomination Form, 2).

At the end of 1852, Port Townsend's non-Indian population was just the three families and 15 single white men, living on a problematic site. But the dearth of other settlements on the Olympic Peninsula and Port Townsend's position at the gateway to Puget Sound would soon give it prominence beyond its size.
The Power of Place
Jefferson County was established as part of Oregon Territory on December 22, 1852, and Port Townsend was named county seat, although it may not legally have been a town at all. Some sources date the first plat to 1852, and that is certainly when Hastings and Pettygrove made their claims. However, the first formal plat map appears to be one that was recorded with the Jefferson County auditor on August 2, 1856. It showed 144 lots, most of which were on top of the bluff. The proposed route of aptly named Water Street, which would become the town's main downtown thoroughfare, was partially submerged much of the time, and the only buildable lots along the waterfront lay between it and the bluff, a distance of about one city block.
Washington Territory was created on March 2, 1853, and in 1854 the headquarters of the Puget Sound Customs Collection District was moved to Port Townsend from Olympia. A federal district court was established that same year, and in 1855 Dr. Samuel M. McCurdy (1805-1865) opened the privately owned Marine Hospital to provide medical services to seamen and quarantine for those carrying contagious diseases. In 1856, the U.S. military established Fort Townsend about four miles down the bay near Chimacum Creek, which was the nearest reliable source of good water. The fort was built to protect the town's citizens from Indian attack, but many believed it was too far away to be of much use.
Much of the town's early economy was based on barter, as there was little cash around and little to buy with what there was. But every ship arriving from foreign ports had to stop at Port Townsend to clear customs, and many domestic vessels also stopped before sailing down Puget Sound to Seattle and other growing communities to the south. In 1858, D. C. H. Rothschild (1824-1886) opened the Kentucky Store, the town's first general mercantile establishment. That same year, Charles Eisenbeis (1833-1902), who would later become the city's first mayor, opened a cracker factory, primarily to supply hardtack to visiting ships. The first deep-water wharf was built in 1859 by Captain Ernest Fowler, who would also, in 1871, erect the city's first stone building. By 1860, Port Townsend's population was 264, enough to make it the seventh-most-populous place in the territory.
Optimists, particularly those with sizeable stakes in its prosperity, began calling Port Townsend such things as the "Key City" of Puget Sound and the "New York of the West," expressions of hope far more than reality. Not everyone shared these rosy views, and contemporary opinions about Port Townsend and its future ran the gamut from bullish hyperbole to scathing contempt. In 1856, J. Ross Browne (1821-1875), an inspector for the U.S. Treasury Department, reported:

"The streets of Port Townsend are paved with sand, and the public squares are curiously ornamented with dead horses and the bones of many dead cows. This of course gives a very original appearance to the public pleasure grounds and enables strangers to know when they arrive in the city, by reason of the peculiar odor, so that, even admitting the absence of lamps, no person can fail to recognize Port Townsend in the darkest night" (Morgan, "J. Ross Browne ...").

The residents of Port Townsend begged to differ, quite vociferously, and Browne later issued an apology of sorts.
A petition was made to the territorial legislature in December 1859 to incorporate Port Townsend and grant a charter for self-rule. Among those signing were Hastings, Plummer, Pettygrove, and Henry C. Wilson, who had returned to take up his 1850 claim. The legislature granted the request on January 16, 1860, making Port Townsend the fourth incorporated city in the territory, after Steilacoom, Olympia, and Vancouver. Under the charter, a five-member board of trustees (later reduced to three) was elected, and it appointed a clerk and a marshal. In 1882, the legislature changed Port Townsend's governance to the mayor/council form, and it later changed again, to a city manager and council.
With incorporation, Port Townsend had the power to handle its own affairs, some of which soon became rather complicated. Victor Smith (1827-1865), appointed federal customs collector in 1861, had views similar to Browne's, and professed himself unhappy that a place like Port Townsend was an official port of entry to the United States and its territories. After describing the city as "a collection of huts," he recommended that its federal functions be moved west down the Strait of Juan de Fuca to Port Angeles, a place far less developed than Port Townsend, but where Smith happened to be speculating in land (Morgan, "Victor Smith ..."). His dogged efforts were successful, and on June 18, 1862, Congress authorized moving the customs district headquarters. Port Townsend residents resisted, claiming, among other things, that Smith had embezzled from the customs accounts. But Smith was determined; he threatened to shell Port Townsend from the lighthouse tender U.S.S. Shubrick if the customs-house files were not turned over. They were, and he decamped with them to Port Angeles. Smith drowned in 1865, and Port Townsend was able in 1866 to reclaim its status as headquarters of the Customs District of Puget Sound, ensuring its survival, if not its future prosperity.
Getting By, But Not Big
The bloody Civil War and its aftermath preoccupied the nation during much of the 1860s, and although it was remote from the battlefields, the march of progress in Washington Territory slowed. The federal census of 1870 counted 593 non-Native residents in Port Townsend, a little more than twice the 1860 count and enough to make it then the fourth-largest city in the territory after Walla Walla, Olympia, and Seattle (in that order), but with barely half the population of the latter.
The nation's economy slowly returned to normal after the war. Rumors of railroads fueled a building boom in Port Townsend that began in the early 1870s, but for the time being the city got by with a mix of agriculture, logging, and catering to the maritime trade. Chandleries carried ship supplies of every description, and hotels, saloons, and bordellos were built to house and entertain the steady stream of seamen passing through. It was estimated that half the ships entering Puget Sound picked up crew in Port Townsend, and "crimping," or shanghaiing, was not uncommon and would continue for many years.
But technology was advancing, and as steam-powered vessels increasingly replaced sail in the 1870s and 1880s, the fluky inland winds of Puget Sound became largely irrelevant to navigation. If steamships didn't have to stop at Port Townsend for customs inspection, they often didn't stop at all. Hopes for a ship-building industry did not pan out, due mostly to the early exhaustion of the supply of suitably tall trees from nearby forests. No doubt for the same reason, the area's first large sawmills went in not at Port Townsend, but at Port Ludlow 15 miles to the south and at Port Gamble on the Kitsap Peninsula to the east. Nor did the arable land near the city produce enough to support an agricultural export trade of any appreciable size, although Port Townsend's wharves also handled produce from other area communities.
The mix of activities supported steady if very slow growth, and by 1875 there were 66 Port Townsend businesses listed in a regional directory. The first brick home, owned by Hiram Parrish (1856-1931), was built in 1878 with bricks made in Happy Valley by S. M. Eskildsen (1850-1936). By 1880 the population had increased to 917, but faster growth elsewhere made the city again only the seventh-largest in the territory. Port Townsend was surviving, even growing somewhat, but it was losing ground to other territorial population centers.
The Railroad Problem
One person who did not share Browne's and Smith's dyspeptic views of Port Townsend was James G. Swan. Originally from Massachusetts, he had spent three years on Shoalwater (later Willapa) Bay on the Washington coast, and then served as secretary to Isaac Stevens when Stevens was a territorial delegate in Washington, D.C. Swan moved to Port Townsend in 1859, and described the community he found:

"During the last eight years, the growth of the town has been gradual but permanent, and it now numbers 300 inhabitants. There are between fifty and sixty buildings in the place ... . There are two good wharves ... and the facilities for business accommodation are equal to any I have yet seen in the Territory. ...
"... If Mr. Browne's report was correct, there certainly has been a wonderful change for the better. The 'beach-combers' and 'outlaws' as Mr. Brown designated the inhabitants -- with very few exceptions -- have left the place" (Almost Out of the World, 12-13).

The citizens of Port Townsend placed much of their hope for the future on the coming of the railroad, and like those in many other pioneer towns they would suffer bitter disappointment. Perhaps no one suffered more than Swan, who for nearly 30 years struggled to link his city by rail to the wider world. He was seemingly well placed to do so; he served from 1867 to 1871 as an agent of the Northern Pacific Railroad, hired to study and recommend sites for a western terminus that would extend the company's line northward from Portland into the rapidly growing Puget Sound region. Swan of course recommended Port Townsend, but in 1873 the railroad ignored his advice and chose Tacoma.
Despite this disappointment, between 1880 and 1890 Port Townsend's population grew by nearly 400 percent, to 4,558. While this looks impressive enough in isolation, during the same decade Seattle's population increased by more than 1,100 percent, Tacoma's by nearly 3,500 percent, and Spokane's by nearly 5,300 percent. People were pouring into the Northwest, but the vast majority of them were settling somewhere other than Port Townsend.
Nevertheless, dreams of a rail link persisted, and some of the town's leading citizens eventually decided to take matters into their own hands. On September 28, 1887, the Port Townsend & Southern Railroad was incorporated and announced plans to run tracks south to Hood Canal, then on to Olympia. The hope (couched more as a promise to prospective investors) was that one of the major railroads would see this as an opportunity, take over the completed line, tie it in with the transcontinental system, and empower Port Townsend to compete with the down-sound cities that were fast outstripping it in every quantifiable category. Rights of way were purchased in 1888 and construction began in early 1889, but the money ran out after a mere mile of track was laid.
Later in 1889 (the year Washington gained statehood), the Union Pacific offered to make Port Townsend the northern terminus of its transcontinental line, if it could acquire the Port Townsend & Southern's franchise and rights of way, and if the city kicked in $100,000. The citizenry was swept again by railroad dreams, and the town's newspaper, the Leader, predicted: "This day means a great deal more to us than we are aware of at present ... . Port Townsend will now get its share of the wealth and commerce of Europe that annually finds its way hither and has heretofore passed us by" (City of Dreams, 215).
Some outsiders were more clear-eyed, but no one was listening. In an 1889 report prepared for the Seattle, Lake Shore & Eastern Railway, which also was looking to expand, attorney W. H. Ruffner summed up the fundamental geographical nature of the problem: "The location of Port Townsend puts that town out of the general competition ... " ("A Report on Washington Territory"). There simply was no compelling economic rationale for a rail link to the still-remote tip of the Quimper Peninsula.
But dreams die hard. The Union Pacific's conditions were met, and on October 2, 1889, a groundbreaking ceremony two miles west of town drew practically the entire population to hear speeches proclaiming impending glory. Work was to begin simultaneously at Portland and Port Townsend, and everyone looked forward to the day the two would join, ending Port Townsend's isolation and realizing its long-held ambitions. Property values soared, and in 1890 alone real-estate transactions in Port Townsend totaled nearly $4.6 million, and this in a city with barely 4,500 residents. Before that year was out, the city boasted six banks, six dry-goods stores, six hardware stores, 10 hotels, 28 real estate offices, and three street-car lines. Flush with optimism, Port Townsend started to build an impressive new city hall on the corner of Water and Madison streets.
Fittingly, as it would turn out, the contract to start railroad construction south from Port Townsend was let on April Fool's Day, 1890. By June, 2,000 men were at work. A depot, roundhouse, and railyard were being built on landfill at Kah Tai Lagoon at the south end of the city, and by September there were trains running daily to Leland Lake, about twenty miles away. While the rails were heading south out of town, two grand symbols of optimism were rising in the city. On the bluff above downtown, construction began in 1891 on the Romanesque Jefferson County Courthouse, complete with a 124-foot clock tower. It opened late the next year. Beneath the bluff, at the corner of Madison and Water streets, the new city hall also opened in 1892. Both buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in the early 1970s, and both were renovated in the first decade of the twenty-first century.
Despite all the apparent progress, things were starting to go badly wrong. In the south, Union Pacific's subsidiary, the Oregon Improvement Company, had been devoting its energies to unsuccessful land speculation rather than laying track, and it went into bankruptcy receivership in 1891. In the north, the railroad was completed as far as Quilcene, where, according to railroad historian Steve Hauff, "somebody noticed that Mount Walker was there. They found there was really no way to get around this, and that was the end of it" ("Railroads Gone ... "). And the end it was, at least of any realistic hope that Port Townsend would become a leading city in the young state.
On the heels of the local railroad debacle came the national financial meltdown known as the Panic of 1893, which was triggered (with particular irony for Port Townsend) by railroad overbuilding and debt. Commerce in the city slowed to a near stop, and the bay became a watery warehouse for a fleet of unused vessels left to slowly rot at anchor. Property values plummeted; like the railroads, the city had drastically overbuilt. Downtown buildings stood vacant, streetcar lines were torn up, and all but the most avid and unrealistic city boosters fell silent.
The city had a brief bright moment in March 1893, when the federal government completed the Port Townsend Post Office, Court, and Customs House on the bluff above downtown. Construction had begun in 1885, and the steel and brick, sandstone-clad building was finished several years late and several times over budget. It was an impressive edifice, but almost contemporaneous with its dedication, people started abandoning the city in droves. Between 1890 and 1900 nearly one-fourth fled, leaving behind a population of less than 3,500. Port Townsend would never again be counted as one of the 10 most populous cities in the state, and it fell into a deep and prolonged decline.
There would be brief outbursts of train hysteria in later years, unrealistic dreams sustained by little more than rumor and vestigial boosterism. The little line to Quilcene ran on until the 1980s, almost always at a loss, and was said to have changed ownership more than any other railroad in the entire country. 
A Triangle of Fire
Few could have been more disappointed than James Swan, but he was an optimist by nature, and before he died in 1900 he was able to perform one last service for the city he loved. The federal government had seen little need for heavy fortifications on Northwest waterways, but in 1891 the Puget Sound Naval Station was established at Bremerton, and it required protection. Fort Townsend was too far from Admiralty Inlet to do much good and had been heavily damaged in a fire. It was closed in 1895, kicking another small crutch out from under the struggling city. But the following year, Congress passed a huge allotment for military fortifications and Swan, who was widely respected and had many contacts in Washington, D.C., lobbied hard to bring some of that money to Port Townsend. While the extent of his influence cannot be accurately judged, the federal government decided to built three forts that together could cover Admiralty Inlet with triangulated artillery fire -- Fort Casey, on Whidbey Island's Admiralty Head across from Port Townsend; Fort Flagler on the north end of Marrowstone Island; and Fort Worden, on the northern outskirts of Port Townsend at Point Wilson. All were substantially completed by 1902, and Fort Worden was designated Coastal Defense Headquarters.
These facilities did not lead to great prosperity for the city, but their construction and presence did provide a lifeline when it was most needed. Over the ensuing years, the forts' economic contributions varied with their state of activation. In threatening times and during war, troop levels increased and the local economy benefited. In peaceful times or times of government belt-tightening, the forts were more lightly manned, and nearby communities suffered. They were no replacement for the boost a rail link would have brought, but they helped keep Port Townsend alive when it had few other prospects.
The Mill and the Military
The forts' modest boost helped the city's population to increase between 1900 and 1910, albeit by barely 700 souls. But the military presence may have been a mixed blessing. A comprehensive study of the city's educational system in 1915 noted:

"[T]he fever of old boom days has not been completely lost from the blood; the will to work at the immediate task is not fully present, and the presence of the military with its easy money tends to keep alive the feeling of a glorious past that will surely come again" (Lull, 9).

This may have been a subjective and overly harsh conclusion, but the report did highlight a very real threat to the city's future.

"The most universal remark which one hears from the young people and from the old too, is this: 'Why should a young man remain in Port Townsend? There is nothing for him to do here.' ... Port Townsend is now playing a losing game; it is educating its young people for a life that they will lead elsewhere" (Lull, 10).

The bleakness of the situation should not be overstated, however. The sun still shone on Port Townsend, and the beauty of its natural setting made up for much. Many residents were solidly middleclass, by the measure of the day, and a fortunate few got rich. Like any city, Port Townsend had its share of murders, scandals, mysterious disappearances, divorces, and other events to keep the citizenry entertained. But for most of the first 30 years of the twentieth century, and particularly after the customs headquarters moved to Seattle in 1911, it lay largely outside the flow of historical events, a small, quiet city on a quiet peninsula. It enjoyed a brief, moderate boom during World War I, but by 1920 the population had fallen back to 2,847, the lowest since the mid-1880s. In 1924, county voters approved the formation of a public port district, but a persistent lack of financing ensured that it would accomplish very little until the 1950s. Some in Port Townsend may still have dreamt of greatness, but the decades of false hope had taken their toll.
Finally, in 1927, a single, large, stable employer came to town. The Zellerbach Corporation of San Francisco, through its subsidiary National Paper Products Company, announced in July of that year that it would build a kraft-paper plant at Glen Cove, about three miles down the bay from Point Hudson. The plant would require vast amounts of fresh water, and Port Townsend promptly applied for and received water rights to the Big Quilcene and Little Quilcene rivers. In addition to providing immediate construction jobs and long-term employment opportunities, the company absorbed much of the cost of rebuilding the city's aged water-supply system. More than 600 workers were hired to build the plant. The new water system was activated on October 5, 1928, and the mill started production the next day. In 1929, the Crown Zellerbach Port Townsend Mill, as it was then called, had 275 employees and an annual payroll of $325,000. Of equal importance, the gravitational pull of such a large enterprise drew a wide range of supporting businesses to the city. By 1930 the population had rebounded to 3,970, up nearly 40 percent over 1920 and the largest census count since the boom times of 1890. To the great satisfaction of those with long memories, Port Townsend remained relatively prosperous throughout the dark years of the Great Depression, and for the first time in many decades was the object of some envy.
In 1940 the city's population reached a new high of 4,693, and it increased further with the arrival of approximately 2,500 military personnel after America's entry into World War II in December 1941. The war brought prosperity; the Crown Zellerbach mill ran 24 hours a day, and soldiers from the three nearby forts spent their leave and their money in town. By 1950 the population had grown to 6,888, but the stimulus provided by the military tapered off with demobilization and ended with the closure of the forts. Fort Flagler and Fort Worden closed permanently in 1953 and Fort Casey in 1956. All became state parks and continued to benefit the region as tourist attractions. Fort Worden gave the city an additional if temporary economic boost in 1981 when it was used as a location for the hit movie An Officer and a Gentleman.
Due to the fort closures, by 1960 the city's population had fallen by more than one-quarter, to 5,074, and many in Port Townsend must have felt the boom-and-bust history was being dismally repeated. But there was one big difference this time -- the paper mill stayed. It remained the county's largest employer and still supported a bevy of related businesses. Once again, the city clawed its way back, and after the setback of 1960 the population grew in every census, reaching 9,113 in 2010.
A City in Amber
The building boom of the 1880s and early 1890s left Port Townsend's downtown streets lined with impressive buildings characteristic of the period, and a number of its notable mansions remained well-preserved. The predominant styles were variations of late-Victorian architecture. Many of the downtown buildings sat empty for years, but relatively few were destroyed, either for lack of funds or lack of other uses for the property they sat on. Left largely untouched, they eventually proved to be of considerable benefit. 
In 1961, Seattle architect and preservationist Victor Steinbrueck (1911-1985) gave a lecture in Port Townsend sponsored by the city's Art League and Chamber of Commerce. He told the assembled, "Port Townsend is a museum and you are the caretakers" (City of Dreams, 114). His words were taken to heart, and the city first drew on its architectural legacy in January 1963 with a showing of just one of its historic homes, the Saunders House at the south end of town. The organizers of this first Homes Tour expected two or three hundred visitors at most; nearly 2,000 showed up, causing a huge traffic jam. It was clear they were on to something.
The Homes Tour became an annual event of increasing popularity, and the people of Port Townsend quickly came to realize that their city, however inadvertently, had preserved the only largely intact Victorian seaport on the West Coast. Beginning in the early 1970s, the city, the Port of Port Townsend, and others worked to gain official recognition for the historic waterfront and the nineteenth-century residential area located on the bluff above downtown. Both were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, and a year later the area encompassing them was designated a National Historic Landmark District, as was the former military base at Fort Worden.
It was also in 1977 that the city hosted North America's first-ever Wooden Boat Festival at the Point Hudson Marina (owned and operated by the port district), and this led to the 1978 creation of the Wooden Boat Foundation, which sponsored the event in later years, always drawing crowds in the thousands. In 2008, the foundation opened its Northwest Marine Center, sponsor of everything from boat-repair classes to regattas, and home to the Wooden Boat Chandlery, a one-stop shop for boat lovers.
By 2014, in addition to the historic landmark district, Port Townsend had at least 25 individual buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The largest employer remained the Crown Zellerbach mill, but a thriving boat-building industry -- everything from small wooden sailing craft to large mega-yachts -- had developed, along with numerous facilities, large and small, for ship repair.
As the city's charms became more widely known, it drew increasing numbers of retired people and empty-nesters, and many brought with them the desire and the means to help Port Townsend preserve its heritage. In 2000, the city was awarded the Great American Main Street Award, a national prize recognizing preservation-based economic-revitalization efforts. Several of the city's historic houses were converted to bed-and-breakfasts, and in its well-preserved downtown district visitors shopped for everything from antiques to zucchini. In 2006, a major restoration of the nineteenth-century City Hall, home since 1951 to the Jefferson County Historical Society, was completed.
The first 75 years of Port Townsend's history were a roller coaster of high hopes, big gambles, bad breaks, and deep disappointments. With the coming of the Zellerbach mill in 1928, the city settled into a long period of relative economic stability, but with greatly lowered expectations. While dreams of becoming the New York of the West did not come close to realization, most who live in Port Townsend today, surrounded by the area's natural beauty and the well-preserved architecture of the past, would probably say that things turned out just fine, after all.


This essay made possible by: 
Association of Washington Cities 







Water Street, Port Townsend, 1900s
Postcard





Cabin built in 1851 by Alfred A. Plummer and Charles Bachelder, Port Townsend, n.d.
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Neg. UW5082)





Albert A. Plummer (1822-1883), Port Townsend, n.d.
Courtesy History of the Pacific Northwest: Oregon and Washington





Potlatch ceremony, Klallam Tribe, Port Townsend, May 1859
Watercolor by James G. Swan, Courtesy Yale Collection of Western Americana, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library (Record No. 2003195)





Klallam (S'Klallam) Chief Chetzemoka (1808?-1888), n.d.
Photo by James G. Swan, Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. indnport--94)





Francis W. Pettygrove (1812-1887), Port Townsend, n.d.
Courtesy History of the Pacific Northwest: Oregon and Washington





Plat map of Port Townsend, August 2, 1856
Courtesy Jefferson County





Loren B. Hastings (1814-1881), Port Townsend, n.d.
Courtesy History of the Pacific Northwest: Oregon and Washington





Port Townsend, 1860s
Courtesy Washington State Secretary of State





Water Street, Port Townsend, ca. 1862
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Neg. No. 23139z)





James G. Swan (1818-1900), Port Townsend, June 1883
Courtesy Yale Collection of Western Americana, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library (Record No. 2003293)





Barracks, Fort Townsend, Jefferson County, ca. 1885
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 	WAS1188)





View down Taylor Street to waterfront, Port Townsend, ca. 1890
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 	WAS0669)





Fire brigade at new City Hall, Port Townsend, July 4, 1892
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Neg. No. UW5113)





James Swan (1818-1900) in front of his Port Townsend office, ca. 1895
Courtesy UW Special Collections (UW3840)





Jefferson County Courthouse (W.A. Ritchie, 1890), Port Townsend, ca. 1895
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. WAS0497)





Post Office and Customs House, Port Townsend, ca. 1898
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 	WAS3359)





Point Hudson, entrance to Port Townsend Bay beyond, ca. 1898
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 	WAS3396)





Water Street, Port Townsend, 1908
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. UW5135)





Chetzemoka Park, Port Townsend, 1920s
Postcard





Downtown Port Townsend, 1926
Courtesy UW Special Collections (Image No. 12031)





Crown Zellerbach National Paper Products plant under construction, Port Townsend, 1928
Courtesy Port Townsend Paper Corporation





Crown Zellerbach pulp and paper mill, Port Townsend, 1930
Courtesy Port Townsend Paper Corporation





Ann Starrett Mansion, Port Townsend, 1950s
Postcard





Docks at Port Townsend, May 10, 2003
HistoryLink.org Photo by Kit Oldham





Bandstand at Chetzemoka Park, Port Townsend, May 10, 2003
HistoryLink.org Photo by Kit Oldham





Officer's Row, Fort Worden, May 11, 2003
HistoryLink.org Photo by Kit Oldham





Water Street, Port Townsend, November 3, 2007
HistoryLink.org Photo by Priscilla Long





Water Street, Port Townsend, November 3, 2007
HistoryLink.org Photo by Priscilla Long





Port Townsend Post Office, Court, and Customs House, Port Townsend, 2008
Courtesy Artifacts Consulting, Inc.





Point Hudson Marina, Port Townsend, 2009
Courtesy Port of Port Townsend






Sources:
City of Dreams: A Guide to Port Townsend ed. by Peter Simpson (Port Townsend: Bay Press, 1986); Jerry Gorsline, "History," Port Gamble S'Klallam Tribe website accessed February 22, 2014 (https://www.pgst.nsn.us/land-and-people-and-lifestyle/history); "S'Klallam and Chemakum Indian Tribes on Olympic Peninsula When Jarman Settled There in 1848-52," Skagit River Journal website accessed February 24, 2014 (http://www.skagitriverjournal.com/WA/OlyPen/Indians1-SKlallamChemakumJarman.html); "Was Jarman First Settler in Port Townsend Area?" Skagit River Journal website accessed February 24, 2014 (http://www.skagitriverjournal.com/WA/OlyPen/Jefferson/PT/PTownsend2-EarlyTown.html); Hubert Howe Bancroft, History of Washington, Idaho, and Montana 1845-1889 (San Francisco: The History Company, 1890), 18-21; National Register of Historic Places Inventory -- Nomination Form, "Port Townsend Historic District," National Park Service website accessed February 25, 2014 (pdfhost.focus.nps.gov/docs/NHLS/Text/76001883.pdf‎); Harry Dudley, "Loren Brown Hastings," JTenlen website accessed February 25, 2014 (http://jtenlen.drizzlehosting.com/bios/lbhastings.html); "Port Townsend (WA) and the Indians," Native American Netroots website accessed February 25, 2014 (http://nativeamericannetroots.net/diary/tag/Chet-ze-moka); "Elwha Klallam Historical Timeline," Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe website accessed February 26, 2014 (http://www.elwha.org/cultureandhistory/historicaltimeline.html); Murray C. Morgan, "J. Ross Browne and Port Townsend" and "James G. Swan, Promoter," excerpts from The Last Wilderness (Seattle: University of Washington Press, 1955) available at (http://www.tacomapubliclibrary.org/morgan/Indexmm.htm); Morgan, "Victor Smith, Port Townsend and the Customs House," Tacoma Public Library website accessed February 26, 2014 (http://www.tacomapubliclibrary.org/morgan/Vicsmith.htm); "19th Century Jefferson County Chronology," WaGenWeb website accessed February 27, 2014 (http://wagenweb.org/jefferson/chronology.html); James G. Swan, Almost Out of the World (Tacoma: Washington State Historical Society, 1971), 9-17; "Decennial Census Counts of Population for Cities and Town," Washington State Office of Financial Management website accessed February 27, 2014 (http://www.ofm.wa.gov/pop/census.asp); "Biographical Note," Guide to the James Gilchrist Swan Papers: 1833-1909, Northwest Digital Archives website accessed February 28, 2014 (http://nwda.orbiscascade.org/ark:/80444/xv77646); Jeff Chew, "Railroads Gone, But Left Mark on Peninsula; Train Lines Often Determined a Town's Status," Peninsula Daily News, February 13, 2011 (www.peninsuladailynews.com); W. H. Ruffner, A Report on Washington Territory (New York: Fleming, Brewster, & Alley, 1889); Meribeth Meixner Reed, "Describing the Life Cycle of U.S. Marine Hospital #17, Port Townsend, Washington, 1855-1933," Military Medicine, April 2005, pp. 259-267; Herbert G. Lull, et al., "A Survey of the Port Townsend Public Schools," Bulletin of the University of Washington, August 1915, available at (http://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=pst.000052852275;view=1up;seq=3); "Water Quality -- History," City of Port Townsend website accessed March 2, 2014 (http://cityofpt.us/waterquality.htm); "Washington -- Jefferson County," National Register of Historic Places website accessed March 4, 2014 (http://www.nationalregisterofhistoricplaces.com/wa/Jefferson/state.html); HistoryLink.org Online Encyclopedia of Washington State History, "Victor Smith forcibly moves the U.S. Customs Port of Entry for Washington Territory from Port Townsend to Port Angeles on August 1, 1862" (by Daryl C. McClary), "Port Angeles -- Thumbnail History" (by Kit Oldham), "1870 Census ... " (by John Caldbick), "Alfred A. Plummer and Charles Bachelder settle on the site of future Port Townsend on April 24, 1851" (by Kit Oldham), "The Washington Territorial Legislature incorporates the city of Port Townsend on January 16, 1860" (by Kit Oldham), "Swan, James G. (1818-1900)" (by Kit Oldham), "Triangle of Fire -- The Harbor Defenses of Puget Sound (1897-1953)" (by Daryl C. McClary), "Crown Zellerbach's National Paper Products Mill in Port Townsend starts operation on October 6, 1928" (by Daryl C. McClary), and "Treaty of Point No Point, 1855," www.historylink.org/ (accessed March 3, 2014).


Related Topics:  
Cities & Towns





< Previous Feature


Next Feature >





Licensing: This essay is licensed under a Creative Commons license that
    encourages   reproduction with attribution. Credit should be given to both
    HistoryLink.org and to the author, and sources must be included with any
    reproduction. Click the icon for more info. Please note that this
    Creative Commons license applies to text only, and not to images. For
    more information regarding individual photos or images, please contact
    the source noted in the image credit.





        Major Support for HistoryLink.org Provided
        By:
     The State of Washington | Patsy Bullitt Collins
    | Paul G. Allen Family Foundation | Museum Of History & Industry
    | 4Culture (King County Lodging Tax Revenue) | City of Seattle
    | City of Bellevue | City of Tacoma | King County | The Peach
    Foundation | Microsoft Corporation, Other Public and Private
    Sponsors and Visitors Like You













 



Elect Jim Townsend | NM State Representative, District 54






























FRIENDS
We trust Jim,
				   & So Can You!




EXPERIENCE
A conservative Republican with  years of  business experience




DISTRICT 54
Do you know what House district you are in?












				Jim has been involved in agriculture and energy his whole life and currently serves on the Board of Directors of Holly Energy Partners. During the first ten years of his career he worked for Southern Union Co., Southern Union Gas Company and the balance of that tenure for Southern Union Refining Company living in Lovington, New Mexico. Jim left Southern Union Refining in 1984 as Manager of Transportation and went to work for Navajo Refining Company, a Holly Corporation subsidiary, in Artesia.
		        
				With Navajo Refining Company Jim worked his way up through the transportation department and later in the pipeline group. Over several years Jim led the Navajo Pipeline Company operating facilities in New Mexico and Texas and had the opportunity to work with many farmers and ranchers with right of ways and operating facilities.
In July of 2004 Holly Corporation began a successful IPO in starting Holly Energy Partners at $250 million dollars. Jim and Paula were on the platform at the New York Stock Exchange to ring the opening bell. From that beginning until 2007 Jim was part of the management team that grew Holly Energy Partners to a $1 Billion dollar company operating in seven states and employing over 100 people with most being employed in Eddy County.  He served as Vice President of Operations for Holly Energy Partners and served as an executive member of the Company.
In 2007 Jim was promoted to Senior Vice President of UNEV Pipeline Company, a new subsidiary company, reporting to the Chairman of the Board of Holly Corporation.  This new venture was a partnership between Holly and Sinclair and Jim was tasked to develop, design, permit and construct a new 425 mile refined product pipeline system between Salt Lake City, Utah and Las Vegas, Nevada.  Four years later under Jim’s leadership the project was successful in obtaining the permits to construct the pipeline and its related facilities and the system was commissioned in 2011 at a cost of nearly $450 million dollars. With this project complete Jim chose to retire but continue to serve on the Board of Directors of Holly Energy Partners. 
	            
Throughout his career with Navajo Refining and Holly Energy Partners Jim played an active role on state and federal levels representing the companies on various issues. Jim has worked with many State Representatives, State Senators, Bureau of Land Management, and State Land Office in New Mexico. On the Federal level Jim has worked with the US Fish and Wildlife Department on the Threatened and Endangered Species Rules, Congressman Pearce, Congressman Teague, and Senator Udall and Senator Bingaman’s offices.  In Utah Jim worked extensively with Senator Bennett and Senator Hatch’s offices. 





COMMITTED TO


Quality education for our youth


Sound water policies


Fiscal Responsibility


Support business and industry in Southeastern New Mexico


Upholding family and community values


Tougher drug and gang laws


Southestern N.M. highways and road improvements



 



















James G Townsend - Carmel, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James G Townsend in Carmel, NY


James G Townsend

                                                                           Intelius found that James G Townsend  is  a male between 90 and 100 years old from Carmel, NY.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

J A Townsend


Get Report Now

Age

James G Townsend is in his 90s

James Has Lived In

Carmel, NY
Birmingham, MI
Eastham, MA

James's Relatives

Gary Townsend
Lucie Townsend
Glenn Townsend







James G Townsend



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James G Townsend
Get a Criminal Check on James G Townsend
Get a Public Record Report on James G Townsend
Get a People Search Report on James G Townsend


James G Townsend's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James G Townsend has lived as well as James G Townsend's phone numbers and email addresses.




James G Townsend Has Lived in 3 States
New York Address for James G Townsend


3 C***** 

Carmel, NY


Has Lived In

Carmel, NY
Birmingham, MI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James G Townsend

(845) ***-**** - Carmel, NY 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(508) ***-**** - Eastham, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James G Townsend



Get Email Report




James G Townsend's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James G Townsend


James G Townsend's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James G Townsend's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Townsend
Username Matches

                  JamesTownsend
                  TownsendJames
                  James.Townsend
                  Townsend.James
                  James_Townsend
                  Townsend_James
                  James-Townsend
                  Townsend-James
                  JTownsend
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Townsend







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 







Townsend Acquires Bay Area's Legal Strategies Group - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help








Who Will Be Running the Law Firms of Tomorrow?
Check out Law360's 2017 Rising Stars





Townsend Acquires Bay Area's Legal Strategies Group



        By Marius Meland



					Law360, New York (February 12, 2004, 12:00 AM EST) -- San Francisco intellectual property boutique Townsend and Townsend and Crew LLP has acquired the Legal Strategies Group, a Bay Area law firm focused on commercial and IP litigation and dispute resolution, the firm said Wednesday.The acquisition will add 12 attorney's to the 150-attorney law firm, which specializes in intellectual property and complex litigation.The merger is effective March 1. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed."This is a tremendous way to build upon our recent recognition as one of the top litigation departments...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Related
Sections



Commercial Contracts



Intellectual Property



Mergers & Acquisitions


Law Firms

 Kilpatrick Townsend
 McConnell Valdes







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest














×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Commercial Contracts
											

 Intellectual Property
											

 Mergers & Acquisitions
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Asset Management
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 California
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Class Action
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Delaware
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Life Sciences
													

 Media & Entertainment
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 New York
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Private Equity
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Securities
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Commercial Contracts newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!






















James G. Townsend - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















James G. Townsend
Board Member at Holly Energy Partners L.P


View Full Profile
Are you James G. Townsend? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James G. Townsend's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James G. Townsend's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James G. Townsend's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James G. Townsend through your network of contacts.
												








James G. Townsend's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Holly Energy Partners L.P


Past
To view James G. Townsend's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


James G. Townsend's Biography



Principal Occupation:Member of the New Mexico House of Representatives    Business Experience:Mr. Townsend has served as a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives since January 2015. Mr. Townsend retired from HFC in December 2011. He was employed by Holly Corporation (and HFC) and/or HLS for more than 25 years. From 2008 until his retirement, Mr. Townsend served as Senior Vice President of UNEV Pipeline, LLC, a joint venture between Sinclair Oil Corporation and a subsidiary of HEP. Mr. Townsend served as Vice President, Operations for HLS from 2004 to 2007 and was responsible for all pipeline and terminal operations for Holly Corpor ...
(Read More)

			Principal Occupation:Member of the New Mexico House of Representatives    Business Experience:Mr. Townsend has served as a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives since January 2015. Mr. Townsend retired from HFC in December 2011. He was employed by Holly Corporation (and HFC) and/or HLS for more than 25 years. From 2008 until his retirement, Mr. Townsend served as Senior Vice President of UNEV Pipeline, LLC, a joint venture between Sinclair Oil Corporation and a subsidiary of HEP. Mr. Townsend served as Vice President, Operations for HLS from 2004 to 2007 and was responsible for all pipeline and terminal operations for Holly Corporation prior to the formation of HEP. Prior to such time, Mr. Townsend served in positions of increasing seniority at Holly Corporation.     Qualifications:Mr. Townsend brings to the Board his knowledge of the operations of HFC, HLS and their subsidiaries, his 25 years of experience in the industry, and his business expertise.
		
Source: Holly Energy Partners L.P on 02/24/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James G. Townsend's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James G. Townsend. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James G. Townsend's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James G. Townsend's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James G. Townsend through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James G. Townsend


















James G. Townsend's Connections (36)





Sign up now to view James G. Townsend's 36 connections »









Michael C. Jennings
Chairman of the Board, HollyFrontier Corporation









Bruce R. Shaw
Former President, Holly Energy Partners L.P









Mark T. Cunningham
Senior Vice President, Operations, Holly Energy Partners L.P









Matthew P. Clifton
Chairman of the Board, Holly Energy Partners L.P









Stephen J. McDonnell
Former VP and CFO, HollyFrontier Corporation









John A. Knorr
Former Vice President, Crude Oil Supply and Trading, HollyFrontier Corporation









Dean Ridenour
Former Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, HollyFrontier Corporation









William J. Gray
Former Board Member, HollyFrontier Corporation









Buford P. Berry
Former Board Member, Dorchester Minerals, L.P.









William P. Stengel
Board Member, Holly Energy Partners L.P








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	F. & T. Townsend Foundry - History | VintageMachinery.org

































Welcome! 
Register :: Login












Home



About Us



Discussion Forum



Machine Info



Photo Index



Buy & Sell



Tools



Support OWWM








Home Page













Mission





Submitting Content





VintageMachinery.org Support





Contact Us













Discussion Forum





Wiki/Knowledge Base





Discussion FAQ













The Shop





Projects Forum





For Sale Forum





SWARF





VintageMachinery.org Support





OWWM.org Support













Manufacturer's Index





Machine Registry





Publication Reprints





Wiki/Knowledge Base













Photo Index Home





Index by Manufacturer





Index by Machine Type





Recent Submissions





Submit New Photo













Classified Ads





OWWM Store













Workshop Calculations





Patent Search





Book Store





Member Profiles













Donations





OWWM Store





Calendars





Amazon.com





Highland Woodworking












 
                                        
Search

                                      
                                








			Manufacturers Index - F. & T. Townsend Foundry



F. & T. Townsend Foundry


Albany, NY, U.S.A.

Manufacturer Class: 
Wood Working Machinery & Steam and Gas Engines





History


Products


Machine Info



							Publication Reprints 
								(0)
							



							Photo Index 
								(0)
							



							Machine Registry 
								(0)
							



							Images
								(4)
							



							Patents
								(2)
							



							Classified Ads
								(0)
							







History





						Last Modified: Nov  8 2014  4:27PM by Jeff_Joslin



							If you have information to add to this entry, please
							contact the Site Historian.
						








This foundry made sawmills and a patent planer. Their ownership history is as follows:

Sterling Iron Works. This firm was founded by Peter Townsend (1735-1787), unknown date. The subsequent firms all claimed to have been established 1807, but at least one source says that the I & J. Townsend foundry grew out of Sterling Iron Works.
I. & J. Townsend Foundry. In 1807, Isaiah and John Townsend established a foundry under their names. Isaiah and John had worked at the Sterling Iron Works and so it seems likely that they assumed control of that operation and renamed it. Isaiah and John were the sons of a nephew of Peter Townsend.
J. Townsend Foundry. In 1838 John took sole possession of the business.
F. Townsend Foundry. In 1844 it was taken over by Franklin Townsend, son of Isaiah. Franklin became a general during the Civil War, and was also adjutant general of the state of New York.
F. and T. Townsend Foundry. In 1847 Franklin was joined by Theodore Townsend. Under this name the firm was known to have made sawmills and the Beardslee patent planer.
F. Townsend Foundry. In 1857 Franklin resumed sole ownership.
Townsend & Jackson. In 1867 Franklin took a business partner.
Townsend, Jackson Co. The name was changed in 1875.
Townsend & Jackson. The name changed back in 1878. Rufus K. Townsend took control of the business in 1883, although there was no name change.
Townsend Foundry Co. The name changed in 1896.
Townsend Furnace & Machine Co. The name changed again in 1926 after the firm of Rehfuss & Begley (owned by John R. Rehfuss and James G. Begley) bought out Rufus Townsend and merged the operations of the two businesses under the Townsend name.

The Beardslee Patent Fixed-Knife Planing Machine
In 1851, George W. Beardslee, of Buffalo, N. Y., designed and patented a fixed-knife planer. He promptly found himself as one of four defendants in a lawsuit brought by the holders of the Woodworth patents, the other defendants being Hervey Law, Enos G. Allen, and Nelson Barlow. Even though Beardslee's fixed-knife planer is completely different from the Woodworth cylindrical-head design, the Woodworth patent-holders did not give up their fight against Beardslee until November of 1853, when they finally abandoned their suit. An 1852 article claims that so many machine were being sold that 150 men were employed in making them at Townsend's Machine and Foundry Works in Albany.
Beardslee's machine used a graduated set of stationary cutters. This produced a smoother surface than rotary planers, and allowed thinner output as well; the tradeoff is that they could only handle softer woods and performed best on clear stock. These machines were popular with piano makers for making tuning boards.
Information Sources

In an email communiciation, the spouse of a Townsend descendant clarified the relationships between the various Townsends: "Isaiah and John Townsend's Father was Henry Townsend (1751-1815) and his father was Henry Townsend (1725-1803). Henry Townsend (1725-1803) was the Brother of Peter Townsend (1735-1787). Peter Townsend was the owner of the Sterling Iron Works. Both Henry's worked with Peter at the Sterling Iron Works."
1851 article in Scientific American on Beardslee's planer. The machine shop of F. and T. Townsend made machines for George Beardslee.
From On Life's Stage, the autobiography of Adam Ainslie, written in 1889 and published in 1987 by the City of Cambridge (Ontario) Archives:There being no steam engines made in Canada I crossed over to Rochester and went down the Erie Canal to Albany and visited Messr. Townsend who had a large foundry there and enquired their terms for making machinery for a steam saw mill to cut ten thousand feet of lumber per day. I then proceeded to New York and made a like enquiry at a large foundry there. Finding the terms of the Albany firm the most favorable I returned there and in the office of Messr. Townsend drew a contract by which they bound themselves to furnish me with the requisite machinery by a certain date for the sum of $2,000. Before signing the agreement they suggested that as I was a stranger and might not take the machinery when made, I must make a deposit of $400. I thought this but reasonable and gave them a cheque for the amount upon Mr. Ewart the agent of the Commercial Bank at Dundas [Ontario]. After getting Mr. Battle the foreman of the works to draw a plan of the proposed mill for which I paid him $24 I returned to Galt and engaged Michael Knox, Norman Ramsay and John Graham to chop 4 acres on the Beverly lot viz. the pines into logs for the mill and the hard wood for the engine. They put a shanty on the lot, performed the work for which I paid and also for digging the foundation of the mill.Having proceed so far a new light dawned upone me!!! Which was that altho' the mill might cut the number of feet per day, the purchasers would pay me in promissory notes due one year after date and then probably not be paid, while engineers and laborers would expect their wages monthly. I concluded to drop the whole concern like a hot potato!!!! I informed Messr. Townsend of this my resolution, they replied stating that when they had disposed of the machinery they had made they would account to me for the balance but I never received a cent of the $400 deposited with them." The events described took place in about 1835.
The 1872 edition of Boyd's New York State Directory has the following listing under Albany: "Townsend & Jackson, foundry, Broadway C. Rensselaer."
The History of New York State, Dr. James Sullivan, ed., 1927, and available online: "The Townsend Furnace & Machine Company had its inception in 1807, when Isaiah and John Townsend established a foundry business under their own name. They continued at the head of this enterprise until 1838, when John Townsend assumed control of the business. In 1844 he was succeeded by Franklin Townsend, who, in 1849, was joined by Theodore Townsend. Franklin Townsend again became the sole owner in 1857 and continued as such until 1867, in which year the name of the firm was changed to Townsend & Jackson. Eight years later, in 1875, the style of the firm was changed once more to Townsend, Jackson company, but in 1878 the former name of Townsend & Jackson was resumed. In 1883 Rufus K. Townsend came into control of the business, continuing until 1896, when the concern took the name of the Townsend Foundry Company. For the next thirty years the business was conducted under this style, until, April 1, 1926, it was reorganized as the Townsend Furnace & Machine Company. At that time the following became the executive officers of the company: Carl H. Graf, president; James G. Begley, vice-president; L. K. Devendorf, secretary; William G. Van Loon, treasurer; and John H. Rehfuss, general manager. The company is engaged in the manufacture of furnaces and machinery and in work of a similar nature. Its plant occupies an entire city block and it employs upward of fifty people, operating in a radius of one hundred and fifty miles from Albany."
A website about Albany Rural Cemetery has a brief bio:Isaiah Townsend (1777-1838); lot 4, sec 45Townsend Furnace, his father, Peter Townsend founded Townsend Furnace as Sterling Iron Works. Sterling cast and fabricated the chain that was stretched across the Hudson River at West Point to prevent the British from proceeding up the river (4/30/1778). Links were 2 1/2” thick, 30” long. The chain was 1700 feet long. Townsend Furnace was located at the corner of Hawk and Elk in Albany. Townsend also cast plow blades, sleigh shoes and various tools. Brother of John Townsend, father of Franklin."
An excerpt from another bio at the above site:Gen. Franklin Townsend (1821-1898); lot 3, sec 45Mayor of Albany (1850), Adjutant General of the State of New York, Assemblyman, President of NY State National Bank, Vice-President of Albany Savings Bank, Townsend Furnace, son of Isaiah.
Another excerpt:John Townsend (1783-1854); lot 2, sec 45Mayor of Albany (1829), organized the Albany Insurance Company, President of National Commercial Bank, President of the old Albany Exchange and Albany Exchange Bank, President of the Water Commission, I & J Townsend (at Hawk and Elk), the Albany Pier Company and Townsend Furnace. Second President of Albany Savings Bank after Stephen Van Rensselaer. He was one of the first directors of the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad when it made the first passenger trip in the US. He laid the cornerstone for Albany’s old City Hall in 1829 (destroyed by fire 1880).
1905 catalog, "Catalogue of Gear Patterns and Power Transmitting Machinery", Townsend Furnace & Machine Shop Co.
The Beardslee story comes from 1851-1852 articles and 1851-1853 ads in Scientific American.
Ad in 1854 Buffalo City Directory for "Dart & Brothers, proprietors of George W. Beardslee's Patent Planing and Matching Machines and Dealers in rough and dress pine and ash lumber..."












Home | 
                            About Us | Discussion Forum
                        | Machine Info | Photo Index | 
                                Buy & Sell | Tools
                        | Support VintageMachinery.org

PLEASE NOTE: VintageMachinery.org was founded as a public service to
                            amateur and professional woodworkers who enjoy using and/or restoring vintage machinery.
                            Our purpose is to provide information about vintage machinery that is generally
                            difficult to locate. VintageMachinery.org does not provide support or parts for any machines
                            on this site nor do we represent any manufacturer listed on this site in any way.
                            Catalogs, manuals and any other literature that is available on this site is made
                            available for a historical record only. Please remember that safety standards have
                            changed over the years and information in old manuals as well as the old machines
                            themselves may not meet modern standards. It is up to the individual user to use
                            good judgment and to safely operate old machinery. The VintageMachinery.org
                            web site will assume no responsibilities for damages or injuries resulting from
                            information obtained from this site.
                        
                        Copyright © 2001 - 
                        2017
VintageMachinery.org (formerly owwm.com) -
                        All rights reserved
                    







