





Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: About Us

















About Us  Management
Board of Directors
Investors




		Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a privately held pharmaceutical company focused on the clinical and commercial development of proprietary drugs for the treatment of various cancers.  

Tragara has assembled a strong team of industry-experienced entrepreneurs to lead the development and commercialization of our product candidates and we complement this team with a network of world-class scientific and clinical advisors.
                   Tragara is based in San Diego, California. 
                    









Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.










Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: About Us

















About Us  Management
Board of Directors
Investors




		Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a privately held pharmaceutical company focused on the clinical and commercial development of proprietary drugs for the treatment of various cancers.  

Tragara has assembled a strong team of industry-experienced entrepreneurs to lead the development and commercialization of our product candidates and we complement this team with a network of world-class scientific and clinical advisors.
                   Tragara is based in San Diego, California. 
                    









Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.










Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: Contact Us

















Contact Us



Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                  3152 Lionshead Avenue
                  Carlsbad , CA 92010
                  Telephone: (760) 208-6900
                  Fax: (760) 208-6925  Business Development
                    Tragara is seeking a partner to who shares our vision to broadly 
                    develop and commercialize TG02 world-wide. We bring experience 
                    in constructive partnership design and in rapid and effective 
                    product development. We encourage you to contact us.
                  
Contact: Chris LeMasters, Chief Business Officer
businessdevelopment@tragarapharma.com










Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.










Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: Home






 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 
Currently Building New Website


















 

 




                  Tragara is a pharmaceutical company based in San Diego, California 
                  focused on the clinical and commercial development of proprietary 
                  drugs for the treatment of various cancers. Tragara is managed 
                  by a team of entrepreneurs with both Big Pharma and Biotech 
                  experience in the development and commercialization of oncology 
                  therapeutics. 
                  
  
 


Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                    3152 Lionshead Avenue
                    Carlsbad , CA 92010
                    Telephone: (760) 208-6900
                    Fax: (760) 208-6925 









Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.










Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: Home






 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 
Currently Building New Website


















 

 




                  Tragara is a pharmaceutical company based in San Diego, California 
                  focused on the clinical and commercial development of proprietary 
                  drugs for the treatment of various cancers. Tragara is managed 
                  by a team of entrepreneurs with both Big Pharma and Biotech 
                  experience in the development and commercialization of oncology 
                  therapeutics. 
                  
  
 


Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                    3152 Lionshead Avenue
                    Carlsbad , CA 92010
                    Telephone: (760) 208-6900
                    Fax: (760) 208-6925 









Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.










Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: Development



















Development :: TG02

                         ·TG02: 
                    Scientific Presentations
                         
                         ·Kinases 
                    in Cancer: Bibliography








 TG02: Oncogenic Survival Protein Depletion via Kinase 
                    Inhibition
                    SUMMARY

 TG02 is a novel orally available, small molecule that targets 
                    - equipotently - the major signaling pathways involving ERK5, 
                    JAK2, and key cell cycle and transcriptional cyclin-dependent 
                    kinases (CDKs), with excellent pharmacological and pharmaceutical 
                    properties. Preclinical models demonstrate that TG02 has the 
                    unique ability to deplete the short-lived survival proteins 
                    Mcl-1 and XIAP, and maintain this depletion for greater than 
                    24 hours after a single dose, producing and promoting apoptosis 
                    (programmed cell death) to occur. Importantly, the mechanism 
                    of action for TG02 functions independently of p53 status, 
                    which could provide benefit to patients with poor prognosis 
                    genotypes that are resistant to many standard-of-care drugs. 
                  
                    In a study recently presented at AACR, researchers at M.D. 
                    Anderson demonstrated that the apoptotic activity of TG02 
                    was due to its potent inhibition of CDK 7 and 9, which blocks 
                    transcription and results in the depletion of short-lived 
                    anti-apoptotic proteins to which many tumor cells are dependent, 
                    such as Mcl-1 and XIAP. Maintaining this depletion for 16-24 
                    hours induces high levels of apoptosis. TG02’s oral 
                    dosing flexibility and supportive pharmacokinetic profile 
                    provide the capability to effectively sustain this depletion; 
                    previous efforts by some other drugs to modulate Mcl-1 have 
                    fallen short in part due to pharmaceutical and pharmacodynamic 
                    limitations. 
                  
                    In addition, this mechanism makes TG02 an attractive companion 
                    for combination therapy. Depletion of survival proteins also 
                    lowers the apoptotic threshold for other anti-cancer drugs, 
                    including chemotherapy and targeted agents, whose therapeutic 
                    benefit is often reduced or eliminated in the presence of 
                    overexpressed Mcl-1. The utility of this mechanism has been 
                    demonstrated in multiple in vivo hematological and solid tumor 
                    models where TG02 has shown synergy with a variety of standard-of-care 
                    agents. 
                  Tragara is focusing its first phase of TG02 product development 
                    on multiple myeloma and chronic lymphocytic leukemia because 
                    of the consistent anti-tumor activity that was observed across 
                    a broad spectrum of models in our preclinical profiling program, 
                    including those resistant to currently available therapies. 
                    These models demonstrated that TG02 has the unique ability 
                    to deplete Mcl-1 and other survival proteins through its p53-independent 
                    CDK activity, resulting in both single agent activity and 
                    synergy when administered with current standard of care therapies. 
                    Subsequent development will focus on a unique group of solid 
                    tumors with unmet medical need which will also benefit from 
                    this mechanism of action complemented with the benefits of 
                    inhibiting JAK2 and ERK5 (SCLC, TNBC, Melanoma, HCC).
TG02 Phase I single-agent development is completed in acute 
                    leukemias, and is underway in myeloma. To date, TG02 has exhibited 
                    dose proportional exposure over a range of doses and schedules 
                    with a manageable safety profile. Tragara is continuing its 
                    dose escalation in this program and is expected to achieve 
                    the Maximum Tolerated Dose (MTD) and Recommended Single-Agent 
                    Phase 2 Dose (RP2D) in late 2012/early 2013. While the MTD 
                    has yet to be reached and associated with a RP2D, biological 
                    activity has been observed. Tragara has initiated a new Phase 
                    I study (in CLL) in October 2012.
                  
                    In early 2010, TG02 was selected by the Multiple Myeloma Research 
                    Foundation as a winner of its Biotech Investment Award, which 
                    represents a multi-year research grant commitment to fund 
                    the early-stage drug development of novel compounds that show 
                    potential in treating MM.
 












Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.















 








Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: About Us



















About Us :: Management 
                   Management
Board of Directors
Investors





		Tragara has assembled an expert team of entrepreneurs to carry out its mission. These individuals have extensive experience in essential areas of the Tragara mission: market-driven cancer product development, marketing, business development, biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical management, and finance.

Executive Management
 
Thomas M. Estok
                    President and Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Estok brings 25 years of experience in the development 
                    and commercialization of pharmaceuticals to his leadership 
                    role at Tragara where the team has advanced CAPOXIGEM (apricoxib) 
                    from IND to phase III planning in <4 years and TG02 from 
                    development candidate to phase I in 16 months. Previously, 
                    he was the founding President/CEO of Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals 
                    where he led the organization’s development of amrubicin 
                    prior to its acquisition by Pharmion; and, served as Chief 
                    Commercial Officer of Conforma Therapeutics whose HSP90 franchise 
                    was acquired by Biogen-Idec. A 19-year veteran of Schering-Plough, 
                    Mr. Estok held a number of positions with progressing responsibility 
                    in R&D (biochemistry and oncology operations management), 
                    in both US and Global Marketing, European Operations (2 assignments), 
                    sales, and commercial development. His most recent position 
                    was Vice President, US Marketing and Commercial Development, 
                    Oncology. As Head of Business Units (US and EU) and CEO of 
                    companies, Mr. Estok has led multidisciplinary R&D, business 
                    development, and commercial teams and is a recognized leader 
                    in the commercialization of oncology therapeutics and the 
                    formation/growth of new divisions and companies.
                  During his tenure at Schering-Plough, Mr. Estok successfully 
                    led the oncology and anti-infective commercialization efforts 
                    behind TEMODAR (> $1 billion), EULEXIN ($300M), CAELYX 
                    ($250M), INTRON A (>$500M), PEGINTRON (>$1 billion), 
                    REBETOL (>$500M), NOXAFIL, LEUCOMAX, and ETHYOL. Mr. Estok 
                    was instrumental in establishing the Medical Affairs function 
                    within Oncology at Schering-Plough through which 4 supplemental 
                    regulatory approvals were achieved. Mr. Estok graduated from 
                    Virginia Tech with a BS degree in Biochemistry and was awarded 
                    an MBA from Fairleigh Dickinson University. He is currently 
                    a Board member of Aarden Pharmaceuticals where he is Co-Founder 
                    and Chairman.
                  Mr. Estok adopts an open communication leadership style similar 
                    to that described in The Oz Principle, whereby individual 
                    team members execute their responsibilities with associated 
                    accountability. This style affords teams the ability to identify 
                    roadblocks early, develop solutions to such roadblocks, and 
                    make decisions with a sense of ownership at all levels throughout 
                    the organization, resulting in a high performance company 
                    culture. This culture has allowed companies such as Cabrellis 
                    and Tragara to execute high quality drug development plans 
                    at an accelerated pace. 
                  Tracy L. Parrott, J.D.
                    Chief Operating Officer
 Ms. Parrott was a co-founder of Tragara Pharmaceuticals 
                    in 2007. With 23 years in the pharmaceutical industry, she 
                    has contributed to the development, registration and commercialization 
                    of key products including Gemzar, Tasigna, LBH589, Temodar, 
                    Caelyx, Evista, Zyprexa and Humalog. Ms. Parrott has held 
                    significant leadership roles in her previous positions: Sr. 
                    Manager Regulatory Affairs and Assoc. Dir. Project Management 
                    at Schering Plough, Executive Director Project Management 
                    at Novartis and Vice President Regulatory Affairs and Development 
                    Operations at Cabrellis. She has also held positions at Warner 
                    Lambert, Eli Lilly and Company, and Abbott Laboratories. 
                  Ms. Parrott has utilized her strong leadership and matrix 
                    management skills to lead development teams by inspiring team 
                    accountability. While at Novartis, Ms. Parrott led the development, 
                    registration and commercialization strategy for Tasigna® 
                    (ranked Novartis’ 2nd priority program) from first-in-man/ 
                    Phase I through global regulatory submission. Under her leadership, 
                    the development from FIM to submission was completed in 29 
                    months. This was a new milestone for development of a new 
                    chemical entity and was used as a benchmark for future accelerated 
                    programs within Novartis. Additionally, she led the team in 
                    developing and championing a strategy for head-to-head comparison 
                    with Glivec for the first-line indication. At Schering-Plough 
                    Ms. Parrott led oncology development programs as well as a 
                    consent decree initiative redeveloping analytical methodology 
                    for marketed products across global manufacturing sites and 
                    a quality program establishing compliance with 21 CFR Part 
                    11. She also contributed to oncology licensing programs. Ms. 
                    Parrott has a B.S. in microbiology from Indiana University 
                    and a Jurisprudence Doctorate from the Indiana University 
                    School of Law in Indianapolis. She is a member of the Indiana 
                    State Bar Association. She is currently on the Board of Directors 
                    for Athena San Diego. 
                  During her tenure at Tragara, Ms. Parrott has spearheaded 
                    the CMC, preclinical and bioassay development efforts, led 
                    all project teams for development products and managed regulatory 
                    affairs. Ms. Parrott is also the Alliance Manager for the 
                    Tragara collaboration with S*BIO on TG02 development.
Dennis Bilski
                    Chief Financial Officer
 Mr. Bilski joined Tragara in March 2007 and brings 
                    over 14 years of strategic planning, finance, accounting, 
                    human resources, and business advisory experience to the company. 
                    Mr. Bilski was most recently the Director of Finance of Del 
                    Mar Database (DMD) in San Diego. In that role, he helped lead 
                    the company through a turnaround and rapid expansion and facilitated 
                    DMD’s acquisition by Fiserv, Inc. in March 2005. Prior 
                    to joining DMD, Mr. Bilski spent five years with Arthur Andersen 
                    LLP in Washington, D.C., where he managed financial statement 
                    audits and due diligence engagements for various public and 
                    private companies. Mr. Bilski also spent two years with a 
                    private consulting firm in Washington, D.C., where he worked 
                    exclusively with early-stage technology firms, providing them 
                    with finance, accounting and operational related advisory 
                    services. Mr. Bilski graduated from The College of William 
                    and Mary with a BBA degree in Accounting.
                  Chris LeMasters
                    Business Development
Mr. LeMasters joins Tragara after serving as Chief 
                    Business Officer and co-founder of Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals. 
                    At Tragara, he completed the negotiation with Daiichi-Sankyo 
                    for the company’s founding license to CS-706 (TG01, 
                    apricoxib). He also negotiated the world-wide license to SB1317 
                    (TG02) from S*BIO Pte Ltd of Singapore. At Tragara, Mr. LeMasters 
                    oversees the administrative and operational functions of the 
                    company, including finance and accounting, intellectual property, 
                    and corporate development. While at Cabrellis, Mr. LeMasters 
                    was responsible for negotiating the acquisition by Pharmion 
                    Corporation. Previously, he served as Vice President, Business 
                    Development of Conforma Therapeutics where he was responsible 
                    for the in-licensing of Amrubicin from Dainippon Sumitomo 
                    and for negotiating the acquisition by Biogen IDEC. Mr. LeMasters 
                    earlier worked in Corporate Business Development at Eli Lilly 
                    & Company in Indianapolis. In that role, he was responsible 
                    for the successful negotiation of numerous partnerships and 
                    licenses across diverse therapeutic areas. Mr. LeMasters was 
                    also a management consultant with Coopers & Lybrand Consulting 
                    in Chicago for four years, where he led strategy consulting 
                    projects for Fortune 500 clients. He specialized in turn-around 
                    and profit improvement strategy and implementation. Mr. LeMasters 
                    began his business career as an operational auditor with Owens 
                    Corning Fiberglas in Toledo, Ohio, where he led assessments 
                    of internal organizations and manufacturing/distribution operations. 
                    Mr. LeMasters has a B.A. in Finance from Indiana University 
                    and an M.B.A. with honors from the University of Chicago. 
                    He is a co-founder and board member of Aarden Pharmaceuticals, 
                    and a board member of the Hoosier Oncology Group. 
                  While at Eli Lilly, Mr. LeMasters led the redesign of Lilly's 
                    licensing processes and organization in 1998, which led to 
                    several industry-firsts in organization design, including 
                    a dedicated alliance management function. He was instrumental 
                    in the creation of the industry’s first dedicated out-partnering 
                    organization and was a founding member of that group, which 
                    has since generated more than $2 billion in revenue. He was 
                    subsequently a driver in the re-formation of a dedicated discovery 
                    and technology licensing group, where he led several large-scale 
                    multi-deal efforts to expand the company’s technology 
                    capabilities. 
                  Robert Mansfield, Ph.D.
                    Pharmaceutical Manufacturing
Robert Mansfield is a 20 year veteran in 
                    the pharmaceutical industry with a broad array of experience 
                    in developing a variety of dosage forms, such as solid oral 
                    dosage forms (capsules, tablets), parenteral intravenous emulsions, 
                    parenteral and ophthalmic solutions, parenteral suspensions, 
                    supported four abbreviated new drug applications (ANDA) for 
                    inhalation/nasal solutions (alburterol sulfate, cromolyn sodium, 
                    ipratropium bromide, desmopressin acetate) and one Marketing 
                    Application Authorization (MAA) for Alphagan® (brimonidine 
                    tartrate ophthalmic solution). Dr. Mansfield received his 
                    PhD in Medicinal & Pharmaceutical Chemistry from the University 
                    of Kentucky in 1992 and continued his research as post-doctoral 
                    fellow at the University of Kansas developing novel prodrug 
                    formulations for poorly soluble oncology agents for the National 
                    Cancer Institute (NCI). Dr. Mansfield entered the Pharmaceutical 
                    Industry in 1993 when he joined Gensia, a biotechnology in 
                    San Diego, CA. Dr. Mansfield was later employed by two mid-size 
                    pharmaceutical companies (Allergan and Bausch & Lomb) 
                    specializing in ophthalmic product and generic product development. 
                    In 1997, Dr. Mansfield helped build, equip, staff and establish 
                    MDS Tricon (now Xcelience), a CMC contract research organization 
                    (CRO) located in Tampa Florida that provided CMC services 
                    to the pharmaceutical industry. In 2002, Dr. Mansfield returned 
                    to the biotech industry by joining Conforma Therapeutics in 
                    San Diego to provided CMC leadership and guidance to support 
                    Conforma’s novel Hsp90 research program. Two Hsp90 inhibitors 
                    discovered at Conforma were in clinical development leading 
                    a $250M acquisition by Biogen Idec in 2006. Dr Mansfield served 
                    as Associate Director of BioPharm development at Biogen Idec 
                    supporting small molecule development for oncology.
                  










Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.










Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: Development



















Development :: TG02 :: Kinases 
                  in Cancer: Bibliography
 TG02
			     ·TG02: Scientific Presentations
                        
                         ·Kinases 
                    in Cancer: Bibliography




Kinases in Cancer: Bibliography
 Aggarwal, B. et al. Targeting Inflammatory Pathways for 
                    Prevention and Therapy of Cancer: Short-Term Friend, Long-Term 
                    Foe. Clinical Cancer Research 15, 425-430 (2009). 
                   Alas, S. and Baonavida, B. Rituximab Inactivates Signal 
                    Transducer and Activation of Transcription 3 (STAT3) Activity 
                    in B-Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma through Inhibition of the Interleukin 
                    10 Autocrine/Paracrine Loop and Results in Down-Regulation 
                    of Bcl-2 and Sensitization to Cytotoxic Drugs. Cancer Research 
                    61, 5137-5144 (2001). 
                   Bacher, U. et al. Prognostic Relevance of FLT3-TKD Mutations 
                    in AML: The Combination Matters An Analysis of 3082 Patients. 
                    Blood 111, 2527-2537 (2008). 
                   Bhardwaj, A. et al. Resveratrol Inhibits Proliferation, 
                    Induces Apoptosis, and Overcomes Chemoresistance through Down-Regulation 
                    of STAT3 and Nuclear Factor-?B-Regulated Antiapoptotic and 
                    Cell Survival Gene Products in Human Multiple Myeloma Cells. 
                    Blood 109, 2293-2302 (2007). 
                   Bollrath, J. et al. GP130-Mediated STAT3 Activation in Enterocytes 
                    Regulates Cell Survival and Cell-Cycle Progression during 
                    Colitis-Associated Tumorigenesis. Cancer Cell 15, 91-102 (2009). 
                   Breitenbuecher, F. et al. A Novel Molecular Mechanism of 
                    Primary Resistance to FLT3-Kinase Inhibitors in AML. Blood 
                    113, 4063-4073 (2009). 
                   Breitenbuecher, F., et al. Identification of a Novel Type 
                    of ITD Mutations Located in Non-Juxtamembrane Domains of the 
                    FLT3 Tyrosine Kinase Receptor. Blood (2008). 
                   Bromberg, J., and Wang, T. Inflammation and Cancer: IL-6 
                    and STAT3 Complete the Link. Cancer Cell 15, 79-80 (2009). 
                   Byrd, J. et al. Flavopiridol Adminstered Using a Pharmacologically 
                    Derived Schedule is Associated with Marked Clinical Efficacy 
                    in Refractory, Genetically High-Risk Chronic Lymphacytic Leukemia. 
                    Blood 109, 398-404 (2007). 
                   Cai, D. et al. Combined Depletion of Cell Cycle and Transcriptional 
                    Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Activites Induces Apoptosis in Cancer 
                    Cells. Cancer Research 66, 9270-9280 (2006). 
                   Campo, E. Holes in SOCs in Primary Mediastinal Large B-Cell 
                    Lymphoma. Blood 105, 2244-2245 (2005). 
                   Chen, R. et al. Mechanism of Action of SNS-032, a Novel 
                    Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Inhibitor, in Chronic Lymphocytic 
                    Leukemia. Blood 113, 4637-4645 (2009). 
                   Chen, R. et al. Transcription Inhibition by Flavopiridol: 
                    Mechanism of Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Cell Death. Blood 
                    106, 2513-2519 (2005). 
                   DePinto, W. et al. In Vitro and In Vivo Activity of R547: 
                    a Potent and Selective Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Inhibitor Currently 
                    in Phase I Clinical Trials. Molecular Cancer Therapeutics 
                    5, 2644-2658 (2006). 
                   Duan, Z. et al. Signal Transducers and Activators of Transcription 
                    3 Pathway Activation in Drug-Resistant Ovarian Cancer. Clinical 
                    Cancer Research 12, 5055-5063 (2006). 
                   Esche, C. et al. FLT3 Ligand Administration Inhibits Tumor 
                    Growth in Murine Melanoma and Lymphoma. Cancer Research 58, 
                    380-383 (2006). 
                   Fantin, V. et al. Constitutive Activation of Signal Transducers 
                    and Activators of Transcription Predicts Vorinostat Resistance 
                    in Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma. Cancer Research 68, 3785-3794 
                    (2008). 
                   Gale, R. et al. The Impact of FLT3 Internal Tandem Duplications 
                    Mutant Level, Number, Size, and Interaction with NPM1 Mutations 
                    in a Large Cohort of Young Adult Patients with Acute Myeloid 
                    Leukemia. Blood 111, 2776-2784 (2008). 
                   Geron, I. et al. Selective Inhibition of JAK2-Derived Erthroid 
                    Differentiation of Polycythemia Vera Progenitors. Cancer Cell 
                    13, 321-330 (2008). 
                   Grivennikov, S. et al. IL-6 and STAT3 are Required for Survival 
                    of Intestinal Epithelial Cells and Development of Colitis-Associated 
                    Cancer. Cancer Cell 15, 103-113 (2009). 
                   Haura, E. et al. Activated Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 
                    - STAT-3 Signaling Promotes Tumor Survival In Vivo in Non-Small 
                    Cell Lung Cancer. Clinical Cancer Research 11, 8288-8294 (2005). 
                   Heath, E. et al. A Phase I Study of SNS-032 (Formerly BMS-387032), 
                    a Potent Inhibitor of Cyclin-Dependent Kinases 2, 7, and 9 
                    Administered as a Single Oral Dose and Weekly Infusion in 
                    Patients with Metastatic Refractory Solid Tumors. Investigational 
                    New Drugs 26, 59-65 (2007). 
                   Hexner, E. et al. Lestaurinib (CEP701) is a JAK2 Inhibitor 
                    that Suppresses JAK2/STAT5 Signaling and the Prolifieration 
                    of Primary Erythroid Cells from Patients with Myeloproliferative 
                    Disorders. Blood 111, 5663-5671 (2008). 
                   Hodge, D. et al. Activating Mutations in STAT3 and STAT5 
                    Differentially Affect Cellular Proliferation and Apoptotic 
                    Resistance in Multiple Myeloma Cells. Cancer Biology & Therapy 
                    3, 188-194 (2004). 
                   Hsieh, W. et al. Pharmacodynamic Effects of Seliciclib, 
                    an Orally Administered Cell Cycle Modulator, in Undifferentiated 
                    Nasopharyngeal Cancer. Clinical Cancer Research 15, 1435-1442 
                    (2009). 
                   Ihle, J. and Gilliland, D. JAK2: Normal Function and Role 
                    in Hematopoietic Disorders. Current Opinion in Genetics & 
                    Development 17, 8-14 (2007). 
                   James, C. et al. The Hematopoietic Stem Cell Compartment 
                    of JAK2V617F-positive Myeloprolifierative Disorders is a Reflection 
                    of Disease Heterogeneity. Blood 112, 2429-2438 (2008). 
                   Karp, J. et al. Sequential Flavorpirido, Cytosine Arabinoside, 
                    and Mitoxantrone: A Phase II Trial in Adults with Poor-Risk 
                    Acute Myelogenous Leukemia. Clinical Cancer Research 13, 4467-4473 
                    (2007). 
                   Komyod, W. et al. Constitutive Suppressor of Cytokine signaling 
                    3 Expression Confers a Growth Advantage to a Human Melanoma 
                    Cell Line. Molecular Cancer Research 5, 271-281 (2007). 
                   Koppikar, P. et al. Constitutive Activation of Signal Transducer 
                    and Activator of Transcription 5 Contributes to Tumor Growth, 
                    Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition, and Resistance to Epidermal 
                    Growth Factor Receptor Targeting. Clinical Cancer Research 
                    14, 7682-7690 (2008). 
                   Kortylewski, M. and Yu, H. Regulation of the IL-23 and IL-12 
                    Balance by STAT3 Signaling in the Tumor Microenvironment. 
                    Cancer Cell 15, 114-123 (2009). 
                   Kortylewski, M. and Yu, H. Role of STAT3 in Suppressing 
                    Anti-Tumor Immunity. Current Opinion in Genetics & Development 
                    20, 228-233 (2008). 
                   Kujawski, M. et al. STAT3 Mediates Myeloid Cell-Dependent 
                    Tumor Angiogenesis in Mice. The Journal of Clinical Investigation 
                    118, 3367-3377 (2008). 
                   Lo, H. et al. Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Cooperates 
                    with Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 3 to 
                    Induce Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition in Cancer Cells via 
                    Up-Regulation of TWIST Gene Expression. Cancer Research 67, 
                    9066-9076 (2007). 
                   Lo, J. et al. Constitutively Activated STAT3 Frequently 
                    Coexpresses with Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor in High-Grade 
                    Gliomas and Targeting STAT3 Sensitizes Them to Iressa and 
                    Alkylators. Clinical Cancer Research 14, 6042-6054 (2008). 
                   Malumbres, M. and Barbacid, M. Cell Cycle, CDKs and Cancer: 
                    A Changing Paradigm. Nature 9, 153-167 (2009). 
                   McCubrey, J. et al. Targeting Survival Cascades Induced 
                    by Activation of Ras/Raf/MEK/ERK, PI3K/PTEN/Akt/mTOR and Jak/STAT 
                    Pathways for Effective Leukemia Therapy. Leukemia (2008). 
                   Oshiro, M. et al. Inhibition of JAK Kinase Activity Enhances 
                    Fas-Mediated Apoptosis but Reduces Cytotoxic Activity of Topoisomerase 
                    II Inhibitors in U266 Myeloma Cells. Clinical Cancer Research 
                    7, 4262-4271 (2001). 
                   Pardanani, A. et al. Host Genetic Variation Contributes 
                    to Phenotypic Diversity in Myeloproliferative Disorders. Blood 
                    111, 2785-2789 (2008). 
                   Phelps, M. et al. Clinical Response and Pharmacokinetics 
                    from a Phase 1 Study of an Active Dosing Schedule of Flavopiridol 
                    in Relapsed Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia. Blood 113, 2637-2645 
                    (2009). 
                   Pratz, K. et al. A Pharmacodynamic Study of the FLT3 Inhibitor 
                    KW-2449 Yields Insight into the Basis for Clinical Response. 
                    Blood (2008). 
                   Real, R. et al. Resistance to Chemotherapy via Stat3-dependent 
                    overexpression of Bcl-2 in Metastatic Breast Cancer Cells. 
                    Oncogene 21, 7611-7618 (2002). 
                   Rollison, D. et al. Epidemiology of Myelodysplastic Syndromes 
                    and Chronic Myeloproliferative Disorders in the United States, 
                    2001-2004: Utilizing Data from the NAACCR and SEER Programs. 
                    Blood (2008). 
                   Samanta, A., et al. Jak2 Inhibition Deactivates Lyn Kinasse 
                    through the SET-PP2A-SHP1 Pathway, Causing Apoptosis in Drug-Resistant 
                    Cells from Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia Patients. Oncogene 
                    28, 1669-1681 (2009). 
                   Saudemont, A., et al. Dormant Tumor Cells Develop Cross-Resistance 
                    to Apoptosis Induced by CTLs or Imatinib Mesylate via Methylation 
                    of Suppressor of Cytokine Signaling 1. Cancer Research 67, 
                    4491-4498 (2007). 
                   Senyuk, V., et al. Consistent Up-Regulation of STAT3 Independently 
                    of JAK2 Mutations in a New Murine Model of Essential Thrombocythmia. 
                    Cancer Research 69, 262-271 (2009). 
                   Shain, K., et al. ß1 Integrin Adhesion Enhances IL-6-Mediated 
                    STAT3 Signaling in Myeloma Cells: Implications for Microenvironment 
                    Influence on Tumor Survival and Proliferation. Cancer Research 
                    69, 1009-1015 (2009). 
                   Shapiro, G. Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Pathways as Targets 
                    for Cancer Treatment. Journal of Clinical Oncology 24, 1770-1783 
                    (2006). 
                   Slupianek, A., et al. Fusion Tyrosine Kinase Induce Drug 
                    Resistance by Stimulation of Homology-Dependent Recombination 
                    Repair, Prolongation of G2/M Phase and Protection from Apoptosis. 
                    Molecular and Cellular Biology 22, 4189-4201 (2002). 
                   Steelman, L., et al. Contributions of the Raf/MEK/ERK, PI3K/PTEN/Akt/mTOR 
                    and Jak/STAT Pathways to Leukemia. Leukemia (2008). 
                   Stewart, A., and Trinchieri, G. Reinforcing Suppression 
                    Using Regulators: A New Link Between STAT3, IL-23, and Tregs 
                    in Tumor Immunosuppression. Cancer Cell 15, 81-83 (2009). 
                   Tiedt, R., et al. Ratio of Mutant JAK2-V617F to Wild-Type 
                    JAK2 Determines the MPD Phenotypes in Transgenic Mice. Blood 
                    111, 3931-3940 (2008). 
                   Timeus, F., et al. FLT3 and Its Ligand Are Expressed in 
                    Neural Crest-Derived Tumors and Promote Survival and Proliferation 
                    of Their Cell Lines. Laboratory Investigations 81, 1025-1037 
                    (2001). 
                   Verstovsek, S., et al. WP1066, a Novel JAK2 Inhibitor, Suppresses 
                    Proliferation and Induces Apoptosis in Erythroid Human Cells 
                    Carrying the JAK2 V617F Mutation. Clinical Cancer Research 
                    14, 788-796 (2008). 
                   Weisberg, E., et al. Antileukemic Effects of the Novel, 
                    Mutant FLT3 Inhibitor NVP-AST487: Effects on PKC412-Sensitive 
                    and -Resistant FLT3-expressing Cells. Blood 112, 5161-5170 
                    (2008). 
                   Wernig, et al. Efficacy of TG101348, a Selective JAK2 Inhibitor, 
                    in Treatment of Murine Model of JAK2V617F-Induced Polycythemia 
                    Vera. Cancer Cell 13, 311-320 (2008). 
                   Zhao, R., et al. Inhibition of the Bcl-xL Deamindation Pathway 
                    in Myeloproliferative Disorders. The New England Journal of 
                    Medicine 359, 2778-2789 (2008). 
                   Zhou, J., et al. Enhanced Activation of STAT Pathways and 
                    Overexpression of Survivin Confer Resistance to FLT3 Inhibitors 
                    and Could be Therapeutic Targets AML. Blood 113, 4052-4062 
                    (2009). 
                  










Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.










Tragara Pharmaceuticals :: About Us

















About Us :: Board of Directors
Mangement
Board of Directors
Investors





 
Thomas M. Estok
                    President and Chief Executive Officer  Mr. Estok is a Biotech entrepreneur who brings nearly 25 years of experience 
                    in the development and commercialization of pharmaceuticals 
                    to his leadership role at Tragara. Mr. Estok is also co-founder 
                    of Aarden Pharmaceuticals and serves as its Chairman. Prior 
                    to Tragara, Mr. Estok was the founding President and CEO of 
                    Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Pharmion for $104 million) 
                    and Chief Commercial Officer of Conforma Therapeutics (acquired 
                    by Biogen-Idec for $250 million). During his 19-year tenure 
                    at Schering-Plough, Mr. Estok held a number of positions with 
                    progressing responsibility in R&D, in both international and 
                    domestic marketing, sales, and commercial development. Mr. 
                    Estok has led the development and/or commercialization efforts 
                    of several oncology products including temozolomide, liposomal 
                    doxorubicin, amrubicin, flutamide, and the interferon franchise. 
                    Mr. Estok received a BS degree in Biochemistry from Virginia 
                    Tech and was awarded an MBA from Fairleigh Dickinson University. 
                   Kim P. Kamdar
                    Partner, Domain Associates
                    Dr. Kim Puloma Kamdar joined Domain Associates in 2005 
                    and became a Partner in 2006. Present board memberships include 
                    Nuon Therapeutics, Obalon Therapeutics, ROX Medical, Sonexa 
                    Therapeutics, Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
                    as well as observer status at Achaogen, BiPar Sciences, Corthera, 
                    GenVault, Lipothera and SkinMedica. Ms. Kamdar serves as an 
                    advisory board member to Eric Topol’s NIH supported 
                    Clinical and Translational Science Award for Scripps Medicine. 
                    Additionally, Ms. Kamdar serves as an Advisory Board Member 
                    for Evolvence India Life Sciences Fund, a private equity fund 
                    providing growth capital to Indian pharmaceutical and biotechnology 
                    companies. From 2003-2004, Ms. Kamdar was a Kauffman Fellow 
                    with MPM Capital. Prior to joining MPM, Ms. Kamdar was a Research 
                    Director at Novartis. She built and led a research team that 
                    focused on the biology, genetics and genomics of model organisms 
                    to uncover small molecules that modulated signaling pathway 
                    networks. Ms. Kamdar is a founder of Aryzun Pharmaceuticals, 
                    a biotech company utilizing protein-protein interaction mapping 
                    for small molecule discovery with an initial focus on anti-infectives 
                    and oncology. Ms. Kamdar is the author of ten papers as well 
                    as the inventor on seven patents. Ms. Kamdar received her 
                    B.A. from Northwestern University and her Ph.D. from Emory 
                    University. 
                   Alain Schreiber, M.D.
                    Managing Partner, ProQuest Investments
                    Dr. Schreiber joined ProQuest as a General Partner in 
                    2000. His extensive industry experience provides a commercially-focused 
                    operational discipline and a depth of drug development expertise. 
                    Prior to joining ProQuest, Dr. Schreiber served as President, 
                    Director, and CEO of Vical. Previously, at Rhône-Poulenc 
                    Rorer (now Sanofi-Aventis), Dr. Schreiber served in several 
                    roles, including Senior Vice President of Research. Prior 
                    to his tenure at Rhône-Poulenc Rorer, Dr. Schreiber 
                    was Department Head of Biochemistry at Syntex (now Roche Bioscience). 
                    He has previously served on the Board of Directors of ActivX 
                    Biosciences, BioRexis Pharmaceutical Corp., Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals, 
                    Cadence Pharmaceuticals, Concentric Medical, Conforma Therapeutics, 
                    Gemin X and Somalogic. Currently Dr. Schreiber serves on the 
                    Board of Directors of Aerovance, Aires Pharmaceuticals, Excaliard 
                    Pharmaceuticals, LEAD Therapeutics, Optimer Pharmaceuticals 
                    and Tragara Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Schreiber received a B.S. 
                    in chemistry, summa cum laude, and an M.D., summa cum laude, 
                    from the Free University in Brussels, Belgium. Subsequently, 
                    he was a postdoctoral fellow at the Weizmann Institute of 
                    Science in Israel. 
                   Eckard Weber
                    Chairman of the Board
Partner, Domain Associates
                    Dr. Weber joined Domain Associates in 2001 as a partner 
                    where he specializes in creating companies around promising 
                    new pharmaceutical products. He has been founding CEO of multiple 
                    biopharmaceutical companies in the Domain portfolio including 
                    Acea Pharmaceuticals, Ascenta Therapeutics, Calixa Therapeutics, 
                    Cytovia, Domain Antibacterial Acquisition Corporation, NovaCardia, 
                    Novacea, Novalar Pharmaceuticals, Ocera Therapeutics, Orexigen 
                    Therapeutics, Sonexa Therapeutics, Syndax Pharmaceuticals, 
                    Tobira Therapeutics and Tragara Pharmaceuticals. He currently 
                    serves as interim CEO of Calixa Therapeutics and Sonexa Therapeutics, 
                    two seed-stage biopharmaceutical companies. He is Chairman 
                    of the Board at Ascenta Therapeutics, Calixa Therapeutics, 
                    Ocera Therapeutics, Orexigen Therapeutics, Sequel Pharmaceuticals, 
                    and Tobira Therapeutics. He was Chairman of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals 
                    until the company was sold to Johnson & Johnson in 2005, 
                    Chairman of Cerexa until the company was sold to Forest Laboratories 
                    in January 2007, Chairman of NovaCardia until the company 
                    was sold to Merck in September of 2007, and a Board member 
                    of Conforma Therapeutics and Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals until 
                    they were sold to Biogen-IDEC and Pharmion, respectively. 
                    In addition, he is a board member of DiObex. Until 1995, Mr. 
                    Weber was a tenured Professor of Pharmacology at the University 
                    of California at Irvine. He has over 20 years of drug discovery 
                    and development experience and has been a consultant to biotechnology 
                    and pharmaceutical companies. He is the inventor or co-inventor 
                    of over 40 patents and patent applications, and he has published 
                    over 130 papers in scientific periodicals. Mr. Weber received 
                    his B.S. from Kolping College, Friedrichshafen, Germany, and 
                    his M.D. from University of Ulm Medical School, Germany. He 
                    received his Postdoctoral Training at Stanford University 
                    Medical School. 
                   Ralph E. (Chris) Christoffersen, Ph.D.
                    Partner, Morgenthaler Ventures
                    Dr. Christoffersen joined Morgenthaler Ventures in 2001. 
                    Based in Boulder, Colorado, he is focusing on new biotechnology 
                    investments. Previously, he was the President and CEO of Ribozyme 
                    Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Morgenthaler portfolio biotechnology 
                    company with a mission to commercialize the Nobel Prize-winning 
                    discovery of ribozymes for use as human therapeutics. He currently 
                    serves on seven corporate boards, and achieved successful 
                    exits with Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Avidia Biosciences, 
                    and Morphotek, Inc. He also served as the Senior Vice President 
                    of Research at SmithKline Beecham, and Vice President of Discovery 
                    Research at The Upjohn Company, and President of Colorado 
                    State University. Christoffersen received an honorary doctor 
                    of law degree from Cornell College in 1983, the "Outstanding 
                    Research of Year" Award from the International Society 
                    of Quantum Biology in 1981, the "W. E. Upjohn Award" 
                    for contributions in biotechnology in 1988, and a Lifetime 
                    Achievement Award in 2003 from the Colorado Biosciences Association. 
                    He received a B.S. from Cornell College and a Ph.D. from Indiana 
                    University.
                  Dr. Evgeny Zaytsev
                    Managing Partner, RMI Partners
                    Dr. Evgeny Zaytsev is a venture capitalist with more than 
                    twelve years’ investment experience in life sciences. 
                    Before joining RMI Partners (the management company for RusnanoMedInvest) 
                    he was a general partner at Helix Ventures (Palo Alto, California), 
                    which he co-founded to exclusively invest in novel therapeutic 
                    opportunities (biopharmaceuticals and medical devices). Prior 
                    to Helix Dr. Zaytsev was a partner of the venture capital 
                    pioneer Pitch Johnson at Asset Management Company, one of 
                    the oldest venture firms in Silicon Valley. 
                    Dr. Zaytsev has been involved in more than 30 investments 
                    in biomedical companies, including such success stories of 
                    venture capital as BiPar Sciences (acquired by sanofi-aventis), 
                    Chimerix (NADSDAQ: CMRX), Enteric Medical Technologies (acquired 
                    by Boston Scientific), Fusion Medical Technologies (acquired 
                    by Baxter International), MicroVention (acquired by Terumo 
                    Corporation), TriVascular (acquired by Boston Scientific). 
                    He has been a Board Member of a number of companies in Silicon 
                    Valley and Russia.
                    Evgeny Zaytsev has been Chief Scientific Officer of Institute 
                    of Medico-Ecological Problems in Barnaul, Siberia, Russia, 
                    responsible for studying the health and environmental effects 
                    of the former Soviet Union's nuclear tests. Under his leadership 
                    the Institute developed into an internationally recognized 
                    research center. Dr. Zaytsev is an active business community 
                    leader, a founder and the first president of US-Russia Technology 
                    Symposium at Stanford University (now Global Technology Symposium), 
                    and the annual Silicon Valley Open Doors investment conference. 
                    Dr. Zaytsev is an author of more than 70 scientific and business 
                    publications on entrepreneurship, venture capital and biotechnology. 
                    
                    Evgeny Zaytsev received his M.D. (cum laude) in 1991 and his 
                    Ph.D. in physiology in 1993, both from the Altai State Medical 
                    University. He earned his M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate 
                    School of Business in 2002.
                  










Terms 
            of Use | Privacy Policy 
                 2013© Tragara Pharmaceuticals, 
            Inc.






Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:50 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company that focuses on the clinical and commercial development of drugs for the treatment of various cancers. The company was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Carlsbad, California.


3152 Lionshead AvenueSuite 120Carlsbad, CA 92010United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 760-208-6900

Fax: 760-208-6925

www.tragarapharma.com







Key Executives for Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Mr. Thomas M. Estok


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      








Ms. Tracy L. Parrott J.D.


      	Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Dennis Bilski


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Ms. Ann Lee Cahill


      	Head of Clinical Development
      


Age: 56
        







Ms. Mary Syto


      	Director of Clinical Operations
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Key Developments

Tragara Pharmaceuticals and Lee's Pharma Sign Agreement to Develop and Commercialise Oncology Candidate TG02 in Asia
Nov 17 15
Tragara Pharmaceuticals (US) has agreed to license its oral multi-kinase inhibitor TG02 to Lee's Pharmaceutical (Hong Kong) affiliate China Oncology Focus. Under the agreement, Lee's Pharma receives exclusive rights to develop and commercialise TG02 in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Brunei, Cambodia, East Timor, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. In addition, Tragara receives cash payment, and potential future payments and royalties on future net sales. Lee's Pharma will finance the development, approval, and commercialisation of TG02 in its licensed territories, focusing initially on the clinical development of TG02 in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 9, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit www.tragarapharma.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback





























tragara pharmaceuticals inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Specialty Pharma
Tragara Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company. The Company develops pharmaceutical proprietary drugs for the treatment of various cancers. Tragara Pharmaceuticals offers its products throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

3152 Lionshead Avenue
Carlsbad, CA 92010
United States


Phone:
1-760-208-6900


Fax:
1-760-208-6925


Web url:
www.tragarapharma.com





Board Members




Chairman/Co-Founder
Company


Eckard Weber
Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc








President/CEO
Company


Thomas Estok
Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc








Board Members
Company


Alain Schreiber
Proquest Investments


Ralph Christoffersen
Elcelyx Therapeutics Inc


Kim Kamdar
Domain Associates LLC




Evgeny Zaytsev
Rusnanomedinvest LLC




Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Eckard Weber


Chairman/Co-Founder




Thomas M Estok


President/CEO




Tracy L Parrott


CTO/Founder




Dennis Bilski


Chief Financial Officer




Robert Mansfield


Senior Director:Manufacturing




Mary Syto


Director:Clinical Operations







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc Carlsbad, CA 92010 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePharmaceutical Products-Wholesale & Manufacturers near Carlsbad, CATragara Pharmaceuticals IncIn mybook® : Other Collection (edit)Added to your other collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your other collection.Tragara Pharmaceuticals IncWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!3152 Lionshead Ave, Carlsbad, CA 92010(760) 208-6900Add Hours26YEARS  IN BUSINESSAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteEmail BusinessSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessSponsored LinksHoursDo you know the hours for this business?NeighborhoodCarlsbadOther Linkhttp://www.tragarapharma.comCategoriesPharmaceutical Products-Wholesale & Manufacturers, Pharmaceutical Products COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Sponsored LinksMap & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedJ & D Laboratories2640 Progress St, Vista, CACustopharm Regulatory Services2325 Camino Vida Roble, Carlsbad, CABiofilm Inc3225 Executive Rdg, Vista, CANoven Pharmaceuticals Inc2730 Loker Ave W, Carlsbad, CAIsis Pharmaceuticals Inc2282 Faraday Ave, Carlsbad, CAPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback






















Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc. :: Scrip

















In order to deliver a personalized, responsive service and to improve the site, we remember and store information about how you use it. This is done using simple text files called cookies which sit on your computer. By continuing to use this site and access its features, you are consenting to our use of cookies. To find out more about the way Informa uses cookies please go to our Cookie Policy page.






Scrip is part of the Business Intelligence Division of Informa PLC


Informa PLC


About us


Investor relations


Talent




This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC’s registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726.



                Informa
            








Toggle Menu

            Menu
        







 












Other Publications: In Vivo | Medtech Insight | Pink Sheet | Rose Sheet 










Register






                                    Sign In
                                





This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use. For high-quality copies or electronic reprints for distribution to colleagues or customers, please call +44 (0) 20 3377 3183
Printed By  









                            UsernamePublicRestriction
                        




                Already Registered?
            

                Sign in to continue reading.
            



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.





                New to Scrip?
            

                Request a free trial today! 

Free Trial


Register for our free email digests:
            



                        Your username does not meet the requirements.
                    

                        An account with that username already exists.
                    

                        Unfortunately we've not been able to process your registration. Please contact support.
                    

                        Register
                    














Toggle Menu

        Menu
    


Home







Commercial




Companies


Deals


Strategy


Market Access


Market Intelligence


Appointments









Research & Development




Clinical Trials


Approvals


Therapy Areas


Pipeline Watch






Policy & Regulation







                                            Hot Topics                                        



US Election 2016


Pricing Debate


Brexit






Regional Coverage




Meet the Team


Scrip Awards


Scrip 100


Scrip Asia 100


Ask The Analyst


PDF Library


RSS Feeds


Free Trial Request


Subscribe


Advertise















                UsernamePublicRestriction
            




                Already Registered?
            

                Sign in to continue reading.
            



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.





                New to Scrip?
            

                Request a free trial today! 

Free Trial


Register for our free email digests:
            



                        Your username does not meet the requirements.
                    

                        An account with that username already exists.
                    

                        Unfortunately we've not been able to process your registration. Please contact support.
                    

                        Register
                    


















ASK THE ANALYST





Email






Print






        Bookmark
    








Share














Tags:

BioPharmaceutical





Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc.

This article was originally published in Start Up



01 Jul 2011


Analysis
 






Shirley Haley                        

shirley.haley@informa.com






Executive Summary
            Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc. may have found a beneficial use for a COX-2 inhibitor in oncology, and it involves a urine test, not a biopsy, to match non-small cell lung cancer patients with the therapy. This profile was adapted from an article that first appeared in the July issue of Pharmaceuticals Approval Monthly.
        




                Already Registered?
            

                Sign in to continue reading.
            



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.





                New to Scrip?
            

                Request a free trial today! 

Free Trial


Register for our free email digests:
            



                        Your username does not meet the requirements.
                    

                        An account with that username already exists.
                    

                        Unfortunately we've not been able to process your registration. Please contact support.
                    

                        Register
                    











Table











View full table











Advertisement




Related Content
Scrip


		Upheaval And Opportunity Reshape The Oncology Market
	

01 Jul 2011
Scrip


		Tocagen Inc.
	

01 Jul 2011
Scrip


		VentiRx Pharmaceuticals Inc.
	

01 Jul 2011
In Vivo


		Start-Up Previews 
	

01 Jul 2011
Scrip


		Polaris Group
	

01 Jul 2011
Scrip


		Tesaro Inc.
	

01 Jul 2011
Scrip


		Cyterix Pharmaceuticals Inc.
	

01 Jul 2011
In Vivo


		Start-Up Previews 
	

01 Jul 2011


Topics


					Industries
				


										BioPharmaceutical
						




Related Companies


Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc.


Roche


Astellas Pharma Inc.


Daiichi Sankyo Co. Ltd.


University of New Mexico


Novartis AG


Celgene Corp.


SBIO Pte. Ltd.




Related Deals


Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc.


Roche


Astellas Pharma Inc.


Daiichi Sankyo Co. Ltd.


University of New Mexico


Novartis AG


Celgene Corp.


SBIO Pte. Ltd.





Advertisement









ASK THE ANALYST





Email






Print






        Bookmark
    








Share














Tags:

BioPharmaceutical



 









You must sign in to use this functionality



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.














Authentication.SignIn.HeadSignInHeader



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.











UsernamePublicRestriction
				

Register

Your username does not meet the requirements.
Sorry - this email domain is not allowed.
Sorry - public email accounts are not allowed. Please provide a work email address.
An account with that username already exists.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process your registration. Please contact support.

				Register
			






        SC092153
    








            Ask The Analyst
        

Please Note: You can also Click below Link for Ask the Analyst
Ask The Analyst





All set! This Question has been sent to my@email.address.



                All fields are required.
            


                    Please make sure all fields are completed.
                

                    Please make sure you have filled out all fields
                


                    Please make sure you have filled out all fields
                


                    Please enter a valid e-mail address
                


                    Please enter a valid Phone Number
                







Ask your question to our analysts






Cancel


Send










		SC092153
	








			Email Article
		




All set! This article has been sent to my@email.address.



				All fields are required. For multiple recipients, separate email addresses with a semicolon.
			


					Please make sure all fields are completed.
				

					Please enter a valid e-mail address
				


					Please make sure you have filled out all fields
				


					Please make sure you have filled out all fields
				


Subject: Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc.
					


Add a personalized message to your email






Cancel


Send





Please Note: Only individuals with an active subscription will be able to access the full article. All other readers will be directed to the abstract and would need to subscribe.
			













Sign In To Set a Search Alert


                                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
                            


Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                            







                                

                                Your alert for  will be saved to your account - "Saved Searches and Alerts".
                            


                            Log In & Save

                        








Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.

 









×










This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use. For high-quality copies or electronic reprints for distribution to colleagues or customers, please call +44 (0) 20 3377 3183
Printed By  

















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




TRAGARA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    TRAGARA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.











Company number F17000000243
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 320162504
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 1/17/2017
        

Principal Address
            5617 NECTAR COVE, BRADENTON, 34211
            


Mailing Address 5617 NECTAR COVE, BRADENTON, FL, 34211
        
TRAGARA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Principals

Chairman
                Weber Eckard
                 


Address
                3152 LIONSHEAD AVENUE, CARLSBAD, CA, 92010
                 



Director
                Kamdar Kim
                 


Address
                3152 LIONSHEAH AVENUE, CARLSBAD, CA, 92010
                 



Director
                Schreiber Alain
                 


Address
                3152 LIONSHEAD AVENUE, CARLSBAD, CA, 92010
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name ESTOK               THOMAS (p)
        

Agent Address
                5617 NECTAR COVE, BRADENTON, FL, 34211
                

Description
TRAGARA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. has been set up 1/17/2017 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The TRAGARA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. principal adress is 5617 NECTAR COVE, BRADENTON, 34211. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 5617 NECTAR COVE, BRADENTON, FL, 34211. 
The company`s registered agent is ESTOK               THOMAS 5617 NECTAR COVE, BRADENTON, FL, 34211.  
The company`s management are Chairman - Weber Eckard, Director - Kamdar Kim, Director - Schreiber Alain.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
TRAGAR CORPORATION
TRAGAR GENERAL CONTRACTORS, INC.
TRAGAR MEDIA GROUP LLC.
TRA GARRISON, INC
TRAG BAR, INC.
TRAGEDY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM FOR SURVIVORS, INC. (TAPS)













Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc 3152 Lionshead Ave Carlsbad, CA Pharmaceutical Products-Wholesale - MapQuest







































































































    Tragara Pharmaceuticals Inc
  

3152 Lionshead Ave

Carlsbad
CA
92010




 Reviews



(760) 208-6900
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















