Security and Trust | PolicyGeniusWe're skeptics too.Your trust is our priority.Are We Legit? In a word, yes. First, we'd like to say that as a team, we understand that the information we may collect is private and sensitive. We feel the exact same way about our information and we only collect what's necessary to give you accurate advice and obtain insurance coverage for you.  So why should you trust us? Great question, and as a responsible consumer it's one you should be asking! Here are just a few ways you can tell we're a legitimate business: We're ‘A+’ rated by the Better Business Bureau. You've probably heard of these guys, but if not, the Better Business Bureau (BBB) is a non-profit organization focused on advancing marketplace trust. They are mainly known for the ratings they give businesses based upon a range of trust factors including transparency, number of complaints, and time in business. We're proud of our ‘A+‘ rating. We're a licensed insurance broker in all 50 states and DC. Yes! We are real, licensed insurance agents. That means we are legally certified to give advice and sell insurance. We follow digital security best practices. PolicyGenius is committed to providing the highest level of privacy and security for the health data of the individuals who trust us. We've partnered with Aptible to ensure that our hosting environment exceeds industry standards for security and compliance, and that our processes and procedures are audited regularly by industry-leading HIPAA experts. We've been written about in The New York Times & The Wall Street Journal. It seems we've earned the attention of noteworthy folks across the financial and insurance world. In addition to being mentioned by nationally syndicated finance gurus like Clark Howard, we've also been written about in The Wall Street Journal, and The New York Times. Be sure to check out our full list of press coverage We're real people working from Manhattan, NY. We're a team of talented and passionate people trying to make insurance shopping better. It's that simple. Security and Trust | PolicyGeniusWe're skeptics too.Your trust is our priority.Are We Legit? In a word, yes. First, we'd like to say that as a team, we understand that the information we may collect is private and sensitive. We feel the exact same way about our information and we only collect what's necessary to give you accurate advice and obtain insurance coverage for you.  So why should you trust us? Great question, and as a responsible consumer it's one you should be asking! Here are just a few ways you can tell we're a legitimate business: We're ‘A+’ rated by the Better Business Bureau. You've probably heard of these guys, but if not, the Better Business Bureau (BBB) is a non-profit organization focused on advancing marketplace trust. They are mainly known for the ratings they give businesses based upon a range of trust factors including transparency, number of complaints, and time in business. We're proud of our ‘A+‘ rating. We're a licensed insurance broker in all 50 states and DC. Yes! We are real, licensed insurance agents. That means we are legally certified to give advice and sell insurance. We follow digital security best practices. PolicyGenius is committed to providing the highest level of privacy and security for the health data of the individuals who trust us. We've partnered with Aptible to ensure that our hosting environment exceeds industry standards for security and compliance, and that our processes and procedures are audited regularly by industry-leading HIPAA experts. We've been written about in The New York Times & The Wall Street Journal. It seems we've earned the attention of noteworthy folks across the financial and insurance world. In addition to being mentioned by nationally syndicated finance gurus like Clark Howard, we've also been written about in The Wall Street Journal, and The New York Times. Be sure to check out our full list of press coverage We're real people working from Manhattan, NY. We're a team of talented and passionate people trying to make insurance shopping better. It's that simple. Life Insurance Quotes - Compare & Get Best Rates | PolicyGeniusProtect your family with life insuranceCompare term life insurance quotes & save up to 40% when you buy through us Zip code *   Coverage     $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $7,000,000 $8,000,000 $9,000,000 $10,000,000      Term     5 years 10 years 15 years 20 years 25 years 30 years         Not sure how much you need?    The easiest way to find affordable term life insurance onlineExperts if you need them. Technology for everything elseCalculate your life insurance needsThe most accurate online calculator to get the right amount of coverage - no more, no lessCompare online life insurance quotesSave when you compare quotes from over 25 life insurance companiesApply online through PolicyGeniusOur concierge service is with you every step of the way - free of chargeIt costs you nothing to use our service.So, what's in it for us?Like traditional brokers, we get commissions for life insurance policies we sell. The commissions are part of the price (same as anywhere else), so you don't pay more to use our service. Our reputation is important so we'll always find the policy that's best for you. Let our experts protect your familyWhy you'll enjoy working with the PolicyGenius teamIndustry experts - licensed advisors, CFPs and underwriters based in the USANo pushy sales - our experts are salaried, not commissioned on sales. So you'll always get unbiased advice A team that works for you - our concierge team handles everything for youChat with UsCall UsEmail UsAvailable Monday-Thursday | 9am-8pm EST, Friday | 9am-6pm ESTThe PolicyGenius promiseWe work with you to find the life insurance that best fits your needs and make sure you get the best rates.How we keep our promiseWidest choice of A-rated life insurers means we always find you the best priceExperience finding coverage for people with complex medical historiesWe'll shop your offer around if the price changes during the processUnderstanding Life InsuranceThe right life insurance policy is an essential part of your family’s financial safety net. But buying it can be confusing. How much coverage do you need? Should you buy term or whole life insurance? What determines your rate—and how do you know if you’re getting a good quote?We’re here to help you understand, compare and buy the best life insurance for you and your loved ones. First, let’s go over the basics:What is life insurance?Life insurance is a financial protection policy for your family that gives them a tax-free cash payment if you die while the policy is in effect.Term Life InsuranceTerm life gives you coverage for a set period of time—usually while you have dependents relying on your income.Whole Life InsuranceWhole life insurance covers you for your entire life. It’s a more complicated product that, if you live to an old age, eventually gives your family back the money you’ve put in.PolicyGenius recommends term life as the best choice for most shoppers over whole life or other forms of permanent life insurance.Types of Life InsuranceHere is a summary of some of the basic features and differences between the different types of life insurance.Need more info? See our full analysis of term vs. whole life insurance.   -- Table scrolls left to right --    Term Life Return of Premium Term Life Whole Life Universal Life Variable Life Variable Universal Life     Duration 1-30 Years 1-30 Years Life Life Life Life   Guaranteed Death Benefit Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes   Guaranteed Cash Value No No Yes Protected from risk, but can be depleted to pay premiums No No   How Cash Grows (or Shrinks) - - Earns interest at pre-determined rate Variable rate determined by insurer Subaccounts - pool of investor funds offered by insurer Subaccounts - pool of investor funds offered by insurer   Premiums Can increase periodically OR be guaranteed to remain level Can increase periodically OR be guaranteed to remain level Level Varies, up to the customer (subject to federal tax laws) Level Varies, up to the customer (subject to federal tax laws)   Notes No risk of losing coverage, but no cash value when term ends Refunds your premiums at the end of the term if you outlive the policy No risk compared to other permanent types, but there are probably better investment options - Risk of holding expensive insurance policy with little to no cash value Risk of holding expensive insurance policy with little to no cash value       Where do I start?The first step to buying life insurance is calculating how much coverage you need. Our life insurance calculator will help you understand your needs based on your life circumstances and your financial situation.Once you know how much coverage you need, PolicyGenius will compare quotes from the nation’s top carriers and find the best rates available for you. Even better, we’ll guide you through the entire application process until your policy is complete.Ready to calculate your coverage? Let's get startedAverage Cost of Life InsuranceTerm life insurance is one of the most affordable ways to provide financial protection for your family. Many Americans overestimate the cost of life insurance by more than double. In reality, $250,000 of coverage often costs less than most other monthly expenses.*Based on a 30-year old with $60K salary  -- Table scrolls left to right --     Monthly Cost     Eating out$225  Health insurance$180   Phone bill$120   Car insurance$95   Internet$80  Term Life Insurance $30      Best Life Insurance Companies for Term Life InsurancePolicyGenius is fully licensed in all 50 states to work with some of the top-rated life insurance companies, with decades of excellent service and the highest ratings from J.D. Power, AM Best, and the Better Business Bureau. Here are some of the biggest and highest-rated companies in the industry:  -- Table scrolls left to right -- CompanyBBB RatingAM Best RatingJD Power Rating Northwestern MutualA+A++799 Mass MutualA+A++780 Pacific LifeA+A+ N/A Guardian LifeA+A++760 NationwideA+A+ 806 Principal FinancialA+A+ 774 Banner LifeA+A+ N/A Mutual of OmahaA+A+ 766 SBLIA+A+ N/A AXA EquitableA+A+ 752 Lincoln FinancialA+A+ 744 ProtectiveA+A+ 742 BrighthouseA+A+ N/A John HancockA+A+ 739 TransamericaA+A+ 719 PrimericaA+A+ 717 AIGA+A 718 PrudentialA A+ 770 State FarmB A++828 New York LifeB-A++828 MetlifeB-A+ 779  Get a free quote todaySelect your coverage and term to get started   Coverage     $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $7,000,000 $8,000,000 $9,000,000 $10,000,000      Term     5 years 10 years 15 years 20 years 25 years 30 years         Instant quotes to save you moneyCompare the top term life insurance policies to get the most affordable coverage for youAccurate calculation of your life insurance needsOur calculator takes you step-by-step to figure out how much term life insurance you needEasy application processOur experts manage the life insurance process to make sure you get the right coverage. We'll even shop your policy around if your final rates come back different.Comprehensive term life insurance optionsWe have life insurance policies that require a medical exam and ones that don't. Compare the difference side-by-sideWe've helped millions of people shop for insuranceAnd they actually enjoyed it!A+Our BBB RatingThis is the highest rating given by the Better Business BureauOur Customer Rating4.8 out of 5 stars on Trust Pilot, the leading online source for business reviewsLife insurance companiesWe work with over 25 of the best life insurance companies in the countryPolicyGenius in the pressSee why experts are recommending PolicyGeniusTop FAQs about PolicyGeniusHow is PolicyGenius different from other life insurance sites?We've set a high bar to make PolicyGenius the only life insurance site you'll need. That means we:   Offer all the top life insurance companies so you don't have to shop elsewhere Provide the most accurate online quotes, without requiring any contact info from you Explain what you need to know in plain English so you don't have to research elsewhere Don't sell your info off to life insurance agents as a "lead." Our team is with you from start to finish. Stand by our best price promise. If the insurer approves your application at a different rate than what we quoted, we'll shop your offer around to see if another life insurer can beat it.  All this service at no extra cost to you. Shouldn't I try more than one comparison site?You can, but we've worked hard to offer the easiest life insurance shopping experience you'll find online. We offer the widest selection of A-rated life insurance companies so that you can find the right policy for you.Also, any policy you see on our site won't be any cheaper at another comparison site. That's because each life insurance company files its rates with state regulators, and everyone is required to show those filed rates. And if you see the same policy for a cheaper rate on another site - make sure you're comparing apples to apples. Is it for the same amount and term? Did the other site ask detailed health questions to make sure they can accurately quote you? We do that but not every site does.We stand by our promise - so we make it easy to save your quotes with us (and email them to yourself) to keep shopping. And when you're ready to buy, we hope you'll come back to us. How does PolicyGenius make money?We get paid a commission by the life insurance company when we help you find a life insurance policy, submit an application, and get approved. Commissions are already priced into the cost of life insurance - so you're not paying extra to work with us (or any agent or broker). Our commissions are similar across the life insurers we work with, so we never play favorites. Want to know how much commission we make? Feel free to ask us.Are the life insurance quotes on the PolicyGenius site accurate?We like to say we're in the business of no surprises. Our life insurance quotes are the most accurate available online today. Other sites take your basic information and show you the best health class and price. That's not the right way to quote. We collect more health information upfront to show the most accurate quotes possible (as long as you give us accurate information).If the price on our site is higher than you're seeing elsewhere, for the same policy, that site may not be showing you an accurate quote. Over 80% of policies we sell are within $10 of what we quoted online.If our site can't instantly quote you (which happens when someone has a more complicated health history), one of our licensed advisors can custom quote you.Shouldn't I buy directly from a life insurance company?There's no reason to (and a very big reason not to). First: you don't save any money by buying directly from the life insurance company. By law, the price you get from a given life insurance company is the same through them, or through an agent or broker. Second: the rate you get quoted may not be the rate you're approved at. Life insurance companies do a process called 'undewriting' in which they look at your health history and risk profile to determine whether the rate they quoted is actually accurate. If you apply with the life insurance company directly, and you're approved at a different rate, you're stuck. They won't help you figure out if you can get a better offer elsewhere. If you apply through PolicyGenius, we'll shop that offer around to every life insurance company we work with to see if they can beat it. No extra work for you and no extra cost. TrustpilotThe PolicyGenius Guide to Life Insurance: everything you need to know to find the right planExplore The GuideGetting started with life insuranceLife Insurance BasicsWhat it is, how it works and what you need to know.Read MoreShopping AdviceHow to compare policies and pick the right one for you.Read MoreTerm vs Whole lifeUnderstand the difference and which type of life insurance is best for you.Read MoreLife insurance glossaryTerm life insuranceWhole life insurancePermanent life insuranceReturn of premium life insuranceCash value life insuranceView allLife insurance company reviewsLincoln Financial GroupPacific LifePrudentialView allLife insurance FAQWhen do I buy life insurance?Are life insurance proceeds taxable?How does life insurance work?How much life insurance do I need?View allRecently written by our expertsAdviceHere’s exactly what you need to do to buy life insuranceThere are 18.7 million people out there who understand that they need life insurance, but for whatever reason, they haven’t bought it yet. They’re stuck in life insurance limbo...Continue ReadingEst. 7 min readLife insuranceThe different types of life insurance, explainedWe often talk about “life insurance” as if it’s a single thing. You just buy life insurance and you’re all set with your financial plan, right? Not quite...Continue ReadingEst. 13 min readAdviceIs term life insurance worth it?When you’re insurance shopping, a lot of new terms get thrown around. Historically you were expected to rely on your broker to translate this industry gibberish, but then we invented this thing called the internet...Continue ReadingEst. 6 min readAdviceIs whole life insurance worth it?You probably already know that you need some form of life insurance to protect your family financially. What you may not know is how all of these different life insurance policies are different. A lot of terms get thrown around and it can be hard to keep up...Continue ReadingEst. 9 min readShopping for insurance is likedoing your taxes in an airplane bathroomShopping for insurance is likefiling for divorce while in line at the DMVWe're making it better   Coverage     $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $7,000,000 $8,000,000 $9,000,000 $10,000,000      Term     5 years 10 years 15 years 20 years 25 years 30 years         

	MyTransamerica
















































Transamerica








Welcome!
Please login to access your account.




Forgot your username
						                or password?

Invalid Password. Please try again.





Are you a first time user?  Register Here

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:51 PM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company, Inc. offers life insurance products and services. The company also offers annuities and investment options including funds and equity sub-accounts. The company was formerly known as AUSA Life Insurance Company, Inc. and changed its name to Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company, Inc. in April 2003. The company is based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Transamerica Corporation.


4333 Edgewood Road NECedar Rapids, IA 52499-0001United States



Phone: 800-797-2643

www.tflic.com/portal/public/tflic







Key Executives for Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company, Inc.




Mr. Peter Gregory Kunkel


      	President and Chairman of the Board
      


Age: 67
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Atlantic Surety Company United States 212 Capital Group, LLC United States 21st Century Life and Health Company, Inc. United States 3 Mark Financial, Inc. United States 534 Las Americas, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company, Inc., please visit www.tflic.com/portal/public/tflic.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company - HOME





















User ID:




Password:










            Forgot Password



            Forgot User ID



            Register













            About TFLIC



            Forms



            Contact Us











            HOME
         


PRODUCTS



products






INVESTMENT OPTIONS



investment options






INSURANCE BASICS



insurance basics






USING THE SITE









Variable Product Prospectuses














Investment Options


Fund of Funds


Tactical Asset Allocation


Equity Subaccounts


Fixed Income


ProFunds


Daily Subaccount Unit Values


Performance


Investment Options Prospectuses


							Transamerica Series Trust Reports
							

Annual Portfolio Holdings


Annual Report












Types of Insurance


Term Life


Index Universal Life


Variable Universal Life


Connect with an Agent


Fundamentals


Why Life Insurance


What Determines My Life Insurance Needs


Common Uses of Life Insurance


Value of a Financial Professional


Connect with an Agent






Phases of Life


The Single Life


Married Without Children


Full House


Single Parent


Empty Nesters


Golden Horizons


Connect with an Agent

























Error:
Javascript is disabled in this browser. This page requires Javascript. Modify your browser's settings to allow Javascript to execute. See your browser's documentation for specific instructions.





{}







 
WRL Public Content Viewer Portlet













Where does insurance fit in your life?
Previous
Next














How Much?
What determines my life insurance needs?

Explore 


Life.
Committed to you for life. No matter where you are in life.

Explore 


Value?
What is the value of a financial professional?

Explore 


What?
We know you have questions about life insurance, and here are the answers.

Explore 

 Check the background of Transamerica Capital, Inc. on FINRA's BrokerCheck. 




















