Should You Buy Transocean Ltd. Or Transocean Partners LLC? - Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RIG) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Should You Buy Transocean Ltd. Or Transocean Partners LLC?Sep.12.14 | About: Transocean Ltd. (RIG) Rupert Hargreaves Long only, value, contrarian, Deep ValueA Pauper in the Midst of WealthSummaryTransocean Partners is an attractive proposition.The partnership has a simple structure, and the dividend is covered.The partnership will grow at the expense of the parent.Which is the better investment, Transocean (NYSE:RIG) or its new master limited partnership, Transocean Partners LLC (NYSE:RIGP).
There are three key points that make the partnership a more attractive investment proposition than its larger parent.
Earnings Strength
Probably one of the most attractive qualities about Transocean Partners is the simplicity of the partnership's rig fleet. As found within its prospectus, on page 2, this table shows the partnership's current fleet, the ownership percentage and period contracted out.

Contract expirations are staggered over the next six years. So, if management can find new customers, there should be almost no disruption in income through to 2020. Even then, the staggered nature of the contracts should mean that the partnership's income continues to flow. For this reason, it seems reasonable to suggest that Transocean Partners' income will stay relatively stable over the next few years.
What's more, with only three drilling units in the fleet, the partnership's partners/investors are able to keep an eye on what the fleet is doing and how it's acting. The parent, Transocean, is much more difficult to keep tabs on.
For most investors, myself included, simplicity is often best, and Transocean Partners' fleet is simple and easy to understand. In comparison, here's an overview of Transocean's fleet.


Source: Transocean presentation Pareto Securities Oil & Offshore Conference Presentation
Transocean's large, varied fleet gives the company an edge over its peers, but you really need to understand the dynamics of the rig market to understand the company and its direction. There is reason to suggest that Transocean's earnings will be highly volatile over the next few years as the rig market goes through a period of change. Seadrill's view on the industry.
Room to grow
My own portfolio is mostly made up of small-caps, not because of their potential for growth, but for their simplicity. Small-caps, compared to many multi-billion dollar companies, are easy to understand, balance sheets are less complex, management teams are relatively easy to keep an eye on and products can be understood -- of course, there is more risk.
Transocean Partners is a simple company; three drilling units is not hard to understand, and all three are contracted out for the next few years, removing much of the risk currently associated with the offshore drilling market.
What's more, the partnership's income will be stable, contract day rates are locked in and potential for growth is already well-documented. On page 3 of the partnership's prospectus, the following information can be found:
"Under an omnibus agreement to be entered into on or before the closing of this offering, Transocean will grant us a right of first offer for its remaining ownership interests in each of the RigCos should Transocean decide to sell such interests. Transocean also will be required to offer us the opportunity to purchase not less than a 51 percent interest in four of the six drillships listed below within the five years following the closing of this offering at a purchase price equal to the greater of the fair market value (taking into account the anticipated cash flows under the associated drilling contracts) or the all-in construction cost, plus transaction costs. Transocean will select which of these rigs it will offer to us, the timing of the offers and whether it will offer us the opportunity to purchase a greater than 51 percent interest in any offered rig."

These rigs are as follows:

So, in addition to the partnership's existing fleet of three contracted units, an additional six unit interests are available to the partnership through to mid-2017. These six interests are already contracted, for the most part, through to the mid-2020s. While Transocean itself does have the ability to keep these units, as covered below, it's likely that the company will drop the units down [to Transocean Partners] in order to free up cash for the dividend distribution or to pay down debt.
Whatever the case, the partnership's unitholders are set to benefit, as the distribution is bound to grow as these units are delivered.
Unfortunately, if Transocean does drop down its newer drilling units into the partnership to free up cash, the parent will have trouble growing. Indeed, as I have covered in depth here, Transocean is going to struggle to grow over the next few years as the company's old, low-spec fleet struggles in a hostile market environment. The article linked above gives a much more detailed overview of the market, which I encourage you to read if you haven't already.
Dependable dividends
Transocean Partners intends to pay quarterly distributions of $0.3625 per common unit, or $1.45 per unit on an annualized basis. This is covered on page 12 of the partnership's prospectus, and works out as a gross distribution of 5.21% at current levels. While this yield is less than the yield being offered by Transocean's shares, (7.98%), the payout does look to be more secure, with better long-term growth prospects.
Within Transocean Partners' prospectus, the partnership states, on page 20 (and page 61), that its distribution ($1.45 annualized) will work out at around $100 million per year, $25 million per quarter paid from "available cash". The partnership actually sets out how much cash it will have available for distribution on page 64 of the prospectus. Management sets out distribution figures over a three-year period.

Year ended December 31, 2013, the partnership had $173 million available for distribution, covering the estimated distributions 1.7x. For the twelve months ended March 31, 2014, just before listing, the partnership had $204 million available for distribution, and for the forecasted twelve months ending September 30, 2015, the company will have $110 million for distribution, covering the distributions 1.1x. Cash available for distribution should increase as the partnership acquires more drilling units from the parent.
So the dividend of Transocean Partners looks to be relatively secure, with room for growth over the long term. However, Transocean's dividend payout, which is currently equal to a yield of just over 8%, looks to be under threat. According to analysts at UBS:
"... our current estimates the company will need to tap into the full $3 bil revolver in 2015-2016 and will still be drawing down cash. In 2015, we believe Transocean will have to make the decision to either reduce the dividend or increase its debt. Our earnings forecasts are not worst case scenario and assume most of the currently idle rigs return to work in 2015 and that the currently stacked rigs remain stacked... we believe dayrate pressure will persist given limited rig tenders (demand) and fierce competition, with dayrates already down 25%-40% from peak levels. Regular dropdown proceeds from the MLP should help bolster Transocean's FCF; however it will not be enough, in our view..."
Of course, this is the view from only one set of analysts, and Transocean does have the drop-down option to increase cash. When Transocean Partners take on new units from the parent, Transocean will receive a cash infusion, with which it will be able to bulk up the dividend payout.
Once again, Transocean is at the mercy of falling day rates; if the rates remain buoyant, then the payout is safe. If rates fall, as expected, then the sustainability of the payout will be called into question. Of course, this is only the view from one set of analysts. Management was actually quizzed on the sustainability of the dividend payout on the Q2 call.


Analyst: "... this is a tough question, but I would really appreciate a thoughtful answer... if you had to choose between an investment grade rating and maintaining your current dividend, what do you think is more important to you and the Board?"
Steven Newman - President and CEO: "... the decision is never that simple... the Company has to pull, before we start thinking about pulling the dividend lever. So we will continue evaluate the Company's ongoing investment in new build drilling rigs... We will evaluate the strength and quality of our balance sheet and the opportunities is available to us... we'll ask the board to engage in a thoughtful review over the coming months and in anticipation of the May 2015 Annual General Meeting make a decision on the dividend... we are committed to maintaining a competitive and sustainable dividend..."

So, Transocean is likely to consider a payout cut if things are not going to plan. As of yet, the payout seems secure, but Transocean Partners' payout seems to have better long-term outlook.
The bottom line
All in all, when choosing the between Transocean and its partnership, it appears as if the partnership is the better opportunity. Transocean Partners is able to cover its payout, and income is, to a certain extent, locked in over the next few years. What's more, as Transocean drops down rigs to free up cash for itself, the partnership's income and distribution should only grow.
Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Basic Materials, Oil & Gas Drilling & ExplorationWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Rupert Hargreaves and get email alerts





Basic Materials and Energy Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Basic Materials and Energy StocksFerro Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFOE• Today, 8:41 PM • SA TranscriptsConocoPhillips' Q2 Shock And AweCOP• Today, 4:21 PM • Callum Turcan•2 CommentsHummingbird Resources Is Getting Ready To FlyHUMRF• Today, 4:12 PM • Kevin Vlerick•2 CommentsNew Gold's Shares Should Experience Significant Near-Term GainsNGD• Today, 4:00 PM • Peter Arendas•4 CommentsEnsco's Second-Quarter Results: A Bottom Or A Negative Trend?ESV• Today, 3:57 PM • Fun Trading•16 CommentsStatoil: Clearly Undervalued With Oil At ~$50STO• Today, 3:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•8 CommentsChevron: When To ReassessCVX• Today, 3:13 PM • Quad 7 Capital•9 CommentsIAMGOLD Corporation (IAG) Updates on Rosebel Reserves and Resources - SlideshowIAG• Today, 2:13 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsCompañía de Minas Buenaventura S.A.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBVN• Today, 2:08 PM • SA TranscriptsCGG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCGG• Today, 1:39 PM • SA TranscriptsBarrick Gold: Is It Time To Buy?ABX• Today, 12:21 PM • Gold Mining Bull•10 CommentsWhiting Still Reeling From Kodiak Acquisition's Massive DebtWLL• Today, 12:14 PM • HiddenValueInvestor•14 CommentsTeck: An Extremely Good InvestmentTECK• Today, 11:47 AM • KMP Ideas•2 CommentsOMNOVA Solutions: Is The Bull Case Set To Play Out?OMN• Today, 11:16 AM • Vince MartinExxon Mobil: This Is Most InterestingXOM• Today, 11:05 AM • Quad 7 Capital•20 CommentsAltaGas: Strong Q2 Results, Still Time To Buy This 7.2% Dividend Growth StockATGFF• Today, 10:58 AM • Ploutos Investing•18 CommentsKatanga Mining - A View On Its Balance Sheet And Latest NewsKATFF• Today, 10:39 AM • Marcel Lange•3 CommentsHigher Oil Prices Might Not Be Enough To Save The Big Oil DividendBP, CVX, RDS.A• Today, 10:15 AM • Mantas Skardzius, CFA•10 CommentsLyondellBasell Industries N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLYB• Today, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsCabot Oil & Gas Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCOG• Today, 9:48 AM • SA TranscriptsYamana Gold Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAUY• Today, 9:05 AM • SA Transcripts3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•18 CommentsQuaker Chemical Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKWR• Today, 8:30 AM • SA TranscriptsCliffs Q2 2017 Earnings: A Cut To Guidance AgainCLF• Today, 2:52 AM • Avi Danda•9 CommentsBarrick: Back On TrackABX• Today, 2:05 AM • Samuel Smith•10 CommentsMPLX LP 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMPLX• Today, 1:55 AM • SA TranscriptsNewmont Mining: 2nd Quarter 2017 Blows Away ExpectationsNEM• Today, 1:03 AM • Fun Trading•6 CommentsVale S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVALE• Yesterday, 11:49 PM • SA Transcripts2 Fast-Growing, High-Yielding, Ludicrously Undervalued MLPs That Can Make You Very RichGLOP, MPLX• Yesterday, 11:15 PM • Dividend Sensei•31 CommentsTOTAL S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTOT• Yesterday, 10:41 PM • SA TranscriptsTaseko Mines: New Prosperity Remains A Long ShotTGB• Yesterday, 8:36 PM • Elephant Analytics•2 CommentsGoldcorp Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGG• Yesterday, 7:40 PM • SA TranscriptsCameco Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCCJ• Yesterday, 7:19 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsTeck Resources Limited 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTECK• Yesterday, 6:05 PM • SA TranscriptsSchlumberger: Stay CautiousSLB• Yesterday, 5:34 PM • Sarfaraz A. KhanAnadarko Petroleum Could Have A Cash Flow ProblemAPC• Yesterday, 5:31 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•1 CommentArcelorMittal 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMT• Yesterday, 5:28 PM • SA TranscriptsIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•17 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Yesterday, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•4 CommentsSunCoke Energy 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSXC• Yesterday, 3:20 PM • SA TranscriptsCVR Energy, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCVI• Yesterday, 3:18 PM • SA TranscriptsFission Uranium (FCUUF) Presents At Sprott Natural Resource Symposium - SlideshowFCUUF• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • SA Transcripts•6 CommentsKlondex Mines (KLDX) Presents At Sprott Natural Resource Symposium - SlideshowKLDX• Yesterday, 3:04 PM • SA TranscriptsYou're Doing Commodities Wrong: In Favor Of Global Natural Resource ETFsGNR, GRES, GUNR• Yesterday, 2:41 PM • Casey SmithGasLog Partners LP 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGLOP• Yesterday, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsPotash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPOT• Yesterday, 2:35 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentWill Weak Guidance Hurt National Oilwell Varco?NOV• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • Shock Exchange•5 CommentsGoldcorp: What To Do NowGG• Yesterday, 2:06 PM • Gold Mining Bull•21 CommentsDecent Oil Service Earnings Fail To Perk Up ETFsIEZ, XLE, OIH• Yesterday, 1:48 PM • Zacks Funds•1 CommentNew Gold Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNGD• Yesterday, 1:16 PM • SA TranscriptsEnsco-Atwood Merger: 8% Arbitrage Opportunity Not Worth The RiskATW, ESV• Yesterday, 11:50 AM • Vladimir Zernov•16 CommentsPotash Recovery UnderwayPOT• Yesterday, 11:38 AM • Vladimir Zernov•9 CommentsSunCoke Energy Partners 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSXCP• Yesterday, 11:17 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsSherritt International Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSHERF• Yesterday, 10:52 AM • SA TranscriptsAnadarko's Q2 Results May Be Indicative Of Bad Quarter For Entire Shale PatchAPC• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • Zoltan Ban•4 CommentsRoyal Dutch Shell plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRDS.A• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • SA TranscriptsPraxair, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPX• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • SA TranscriptsQEP Resources, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesQEP• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • SA TranscriptsWhiting Petroleum: Completion Schedule Explains Weak Q2 Production, But Leverage Remains A ChallengeEditors' Pick • WLL• Yesterday, 10:39 AM • Richard Zeits•16 CommentsMarathon Petroleum Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMPC• Yesterday, 10:39 AM • SA TranscriptsCarpenter Technology Corp 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCRS• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • SA TranscriptsGibraltar Industries, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesROCK• Yesterday, 10:24 AM • SA TranscriptsHuntsman Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHUN• Yesterday, 10:22 AM • SA TranscriptsCrescent Point Energy Corp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPG• Yesterday, 10:12 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsTurquoise Hill Resources: Catalysts Align In Its FavorTRQ• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • Gary Bourgeault•4 CommentsChevron: Earnings PreviewCVX• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•5 CommentsTransocean: It's All About The Credit FacilityRIG• Yesterday, 9:34 AM • Vladimir Zernov•10 CommentsSeadrill Partners: Negative Scenario Risk IncreasesSDLP• Yesterday, 9:29 AM • Vladimir Zernov•15 CommentsW.R. Grace & Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGRA• Yesterday, 9:27 AM • SA TranscriptsKraton Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKRA• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsWhiting Petroleum's Redtail Wells In Colorado Are A Serious Red Flag For Equity InvestorsEditors' Pick • WLL• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • Bookvalue Hunter•28 CommentsCliffs Natural Resources Smashes Analyst EstimatesCLF• Yesterday, 9:11 AM • Vladimir Zernov•137 CommentsFMC Technologies, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFTI• Yesterday, 9:02 AM • SA TranscriptsEarnings Mark End Of Marathon Oil's Quiet PeriodMRO• Yesterday, 9:02 AM • Callum Turcan•6 CommentsEnterprise Products Exporting Profits To InvestorsEPD• Yesterday, 8:54 AM • Callum Turcan•23 Comments123456...713Next Page





Long Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long IdeasGaming And OTT: The Promising Future Of SonySNE• Today, 6:48 PM • Ian Dyer•5 CommentsApplied Materials: Growth At A DiscountAMAT• Today, 6:12 PM • John DiCecco•1 CommentAthersys's Cardiovascular Health Program Is Ambitious and Well-CalculatedATHX• Today, 5:55 PM • Jesse Donovan•9 CommentsKeep Your Eyes On Bioverativ In 2017BIVV• Today, 5:50 PM • Gaurao Bhade•2 CommentsGilead: Vosevi EU Approval Just One Of Several Catalysts On The WayGILD• Today, 5:46 PM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsSnap: Big Lock-Up Expiration Happens Next WeekSNAP• Today, 5:13 PM • Alex Cho•26 CommentsOracle: Is Further Growth Possible?ORCL• Today, 4:32 PM • Egor KachalovAMD Vs. Intel: Winner Of Q2 Earnings?AMD, INTC• Today, 4:29 PM • Alex Cho•23 CommentsHummingbird Resources Is Getting Ready To FlyHUMRF• Today, 4:12 PM • Kevin Vlerick•2 CommentsNew Gold's Shares Should Experience Significant Near-Term GainsNGD• Today, 4:00 PM • Peter Arendas•4 CommentsCelgene Guides Up - And Down: How It Plans To Win The 2020sCELG• Today, 3:57 PM • DoctoRx•16 CommentsEastside Distilling's Capital Raise - Is This A Nanocap To Watch?ESDI• Today, 3:45 PM • Ryan Surber•5 CommentsStatoil: Clearly Undervalued With Oil At ~$50STO• Today, 3:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•8 CommentsWhy The Long-Term Prosperity Of Baidu Is GuaranteedBIDU• Today, 3:38 PM • Motek Moyen•7 CommentsIntel - Transformation Is On TrackINTC• Today, 2:33 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsWhy You Should Forget Q2 And Think About Amazon Long TermAMZN• Today, 2:21 PM • Michael A. Ball•38 CommentsParatek: Beware Of The ExpertsPRTK• Today, 2:13 PM • Early Retiree•16 CommentsCoca-Cola: The Forever CompanyKO• Today, 2:04 PM • Mike Berner•7 CommentsLargest Acquisition To Date A Plus For StarbucksSBUX• Today, 1:03 PM • ALT Perspective•22 CommentsSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Today, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•5 CommentsMicrosoft And Sony Benefit From Reported Overheating Of The Nintendo SwitchMSFT, SNE• Today, 12:45 PM • Motek Moyen•31 CommentsYY Inc. Is UndervaluedYY• Today, 12:30 PM • John Bay, CFA•5 CommentsAT&T's New Debt - Not What You'd ExpectT• Today, 12:18 PM • Jonathan Weber•18 CommentsReorganization Of Nortel Inversora Finally Set To Unlock Value For Shareholders, Additional Upside From Telecom/Cablevision MergerNTL• Today, 12:10 PM • PineStreet•1 CommentTeck: An Extremely Good InvestmentTECK• Today, 11:47 AM • KMP Ideas•2 CommentsAMD: The Sky Is Falling, The Sky Is FallingAMD• Today, 11:47 AM • Austin Craig•106 CommentsXOMA: Another Ligand In The Making?XOMA• Today, 11:39 AM • Biotech Phoenix•2 CommentsThe Skies Are Clear For OMABEditors' Pick • OMAB• Today, 11:37 AM • Ian Bezek•11 CommentsEllie Mae's Quarterly Miss, An Inflection Point?ELLI• Today, 11:35 AM • Shareholders Unite•6 CommentsChegg: Can The Run Continue?CHGG• Today, 11:06 AM • Michael Battat•3 CommentsExxon Mobil: This Is Most InterestingXOM• Today, 11:05 AM • Quad 7 Capital•20 CommentsIt's A Fresh Start: The Transition Story Of BlackBerryBBRY• Today, 11:01 AM • Roy Wang•46 CommentsAmazon's 'Horrible Quarter'AMZN• Today, 10:48 AM • Detroit Bear•37 CommentsAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Today, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•5 CommentsFoxconn's American Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsSEI Investments: Development Investment Set To Pay OffSEIC• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Boyd•2 CommentsGNC: Did Goldman Sachs Really Just Reiterate Its $5 Price Target?GNC• Today, 9:16 AM • Courage & Conviction Investing•51 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•14 Comments3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•18 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•6 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsStock Exchange: Reading Into Retail MovesEditors' Pick • AVGO, LB, RH• Today, 6:46 AM • Jeff Miller•5 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•12 CommentsWhat Makes Darden Restaurants Attractive In The Long Term?DRI• Today, 3:32 AM • RCK Financial Services•7 CommentsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•7 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Yesterday, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•5 CommentsA Stock That's In Vogue: Hugo BossBOSSY• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Frederic LaudenklosLear Sees Content Growth AheadLEA• Yesterday, 6:46 PM • William Keller•1 CommentVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•17 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Yesterday, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•4 CommentsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•145 CommentsHeritage Insurance Holdings Inc.: Hurricane TestHRTG• Yesterday, 4:14 PM • Christiaan Casper•3 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•29 CommentsTeekay Offshore Dodges A BulletTK, TOO• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Long Player•143 CommentsVisa Is Still Growing FastV• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Isaac Tang•6 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsSinking: The Curious Case Of CapsteadCMO• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Quad 7 Capital•5 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•5 CommentsCaterpillar Breaks Out On Massive Full-Year Guidance UpgradeCAT• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • Michael FitzsimmonsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•4 CommentsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•125 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsFund.com - Peculiar Legal Opportunity With Activist CatalystFNDM• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Jan Svenda•14 CommentsWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•46 CommentsGeneral Motors: Strong Core Earnings Show Us That Strategy And Execution Are On PointGM• Yesterday, 1:53 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•20 CommentsChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Yesterday, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•17 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•3 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 Comments123456...1578Next Page









Transocean Ltd. Increases Consideration for Acquisition of Transocean Partners LLC






















NYSE: RIG
8.69
0.02
0.23%
4:02 P.M. ET
Search









    Transocean
    


Menu



Share Page

Print Page






		Back to all news articles

Transocean Ltd. Increases Consideration for Acquisition of Transocean Partners LLC
November 21, 2016
 Exchange ratio increased to 1.20 shares of Transocean per Transocean Partners common unit in the all equity transaction  Zug, Switzerland /  London - November 21, 2016 - Transocean Ltd. (NYSE: RIG) and Transocean Partners LLC (NYSE: RIGP) today announced that Transocean has agreed to increase to 1.20 Transocean shares (from 1.1427 Transocean shares) the consideration for its pending acquisition of each outstanding common unit of Transocean Partners not already owned by Transocean in a share-for-unit merger transaction.  Transocean expects to issue approximately 23.8 million shares in the merger.  The transaction is subject to the approval of the holders of Transocean Partners' common units pursuant to its limited liability company agreement. As Transocean has already committed to voting its approximately 21.3 million common units in favor of the merger, a vote in favor of the merger by approximately 9.9 million (or approximately 50.1%) of the approximately 19.7 million common units not held by Transocean will be required to approve the merger. Subject to customary approvals and conditions, including receipt of approval from Transocean Partners common unitholders, the transaction is expected to close in early December 2016.  The Transocean Partners special meeting, which has been adjourned, reconvenes on Tuesday, December 6, 2016, at 3:00 p.m. local time at Transocean Partners' offices at 40 George Street, 4th Floor, London, England W1U 7DW, United Kingdom.  The increase in consideration was approved on behalf of Transocean Partners by the Conflicts Committee of its Board of Directors, which is comprised of the members of its Board of Directors who are independent and unaffiliated with Transocean.  The Board of Directors of Transocean Partners and the Conflicts Committee of Transocean Partners have each recommended that Transocean Partners' common unitholders vote "FOR" the proposal to approve the amended merger agreement providing for the increased consideration and the merger.  Unitholders who need assistance in voting their Transocean Partners' common units, or who have questions, are encouraged to contact the company's proxy solicitor, Innisfree M&A Incorporated, at (888) 750-5834 from U.S. and Canada or (412) 232-3651 from other countries.  About Transocean  Transocean is a leading international provider of offshore contract drilling services for oil and gas wells. The company specializes in technically demanding sectors of the global offshore drilling business with a particular focus on deepwater and harsh environment drilling services, and believes that it operates one of the most versatile offshore drilling fleets in the world.  Transocean owns or has partial ownership interests in, and operates a fleet of 57 mobile offshore drilling units consisting of 29 ultra-deepwater floaters, seven harsh-environment floaters, four deepwater floaters, seven midwater floaters and 10 high-specification jackups. In addition, the company has five ultra-deepwater drillships and five high-specification jackups under construction or under contract to be constructed.  For more information about Transocean, please visit: www.deepwater.com.  About Transocean Partners  Transocean Partners was formed as a growth-oriented limited liability company by Transocean Ltd. to own, operate and acquire modern, technologically advanced offshore drilling rigs. Transocean Partners' assets consist of 51 percent interests in subsidiary companies that own and operate three ultra-deepwater drilling rigs.  For more information about Transocean Partners, please visit: www.transoceanpartners.com.  Forward-Looking Statements  This communication includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The statements regarding the proposed transaction, including its effects, benefits and costs savings, opinions, forecasts, projections, expected timetable for completion, expected distribution and any other statements regarding Transocean Partners and Transocean's future expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, financial conditions, assumptions or future events or performance that are not statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. We can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, among other things, satisfaction of the closing conditions to the merger, the risk that the contemplated merger does not occur, negative effects from the pendency of the merger, the ability to realize expected cost savings and benefits, failure to obtain the required vote of the Transocean Partners' common unitholders, the timing to consummate the proposed transaction, the adequacy of and access to sources of liquidity, Transocean Partners' and Transocean's inability to obtain drilling contracts for rigs that do not have contracts, Transocean Partners' and Transocean's inability to renew drilling contracts at comparable dayrates, operational performance, the impact of regulatory changes, the cancellation of drilling contracts currently included in each company's reported contract backlog, and other risk factors that are discussed in Transocean Partners' and Transocean's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-Ks, as well as its other filings with the SEC available at the SEC's Internet site (www.sec.gov). Actual results may differ materially from those expected, estimated or projected.  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of them in light of new information, future events or otherwise.  Additional Information  This communication does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS THAT MAY BE FILED WITH THE SEC REGARDING THE TRANSACTION CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. These documents contain important information about the proposed transaction that should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the proposed transaction. Investors may obtain free copies of these documents and other documents filed with the SEC by Transocean Partners and Transocean through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Transocean are available free of charge on Transocean's internet website at: www.deepwater.com. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Transocean Partners are available free of charge on the Transocean Partners' internet website at: www.transoceanpartners.com. You may also read and copy any reports, statements and other information filed by Transocean and Transocean Partners with the SEC at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at (800) 732-0330 or visit the SEC's website for further information on its public reference room.  Participants in Solicitation  Transocean Partners, Transocean, their respective directors and certain of their respective executive officers may be considered, under SEC rules, participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of Transocean Partners is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016, its proxy statement for its 2016 annual meeting of unitholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 17, 2016, and in the joint proxy statement/prospectus, which was filed with the SEC on October 6, 2016. Information about the directors and executive officers of Transocean are set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016, and its proxy statement for its 2016 annual general meeting of shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 18, 2016. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests in the transaction, by security holdings or otherwise, is contained in the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials that may be filed with the SEC.  Analyst Contacts: Bradley Alexander +1 713-232-7515  Diane Vento +1 713-232-8015  Media Contact: Pam Easton +1 713-232-7647    


Analyst Contacts
Bradley AlexanderVice President, Investor Relations+1-713-232-7515
Diane VentoDirector, Investor Relations+1-713-232-8015
Media Contact
Pam EastonManager, Legal and Communications+1-713-232-7647









  RIGP Stock Quote - Transocean Partners LLC - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Transocean Partners LLC   RIGP:US      Acquired   RIGP:US was acquired by RIG:US   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   2.07    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   40.915    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   8.13%        Sector Energy   % Price Change -0.19%     Industry Energy   % Price Change -0.19%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Transocean Partners LLC owns, operates and acquires advanced offshore drilling rigs. The Company drills for oil and gas in the United States Gulf of Mexico.    Address  Kingswells CausewayPrime Four Business ParkAberdeen, AB15 8PUUnited Kingdom   Phone  44-1224-654436   Website   www.transoceanpartners.com/     Executives Board Members    Kathleen S McAllister  President/CEO/CFO    Bradley Alexander  VP:Investor Relations     Show More         

Transocean Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















transocean partners llc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Energy
Industry: Oil, Gas & Coal
Sub-Industry: Oil & Gas Services & Equip
Transocean Partners LLC owns, operates and acquires advanced offshore drilling rigs. The Company drills for oil and gas in the United States Gulf of Mexico.




Corporate Information
Address:

Kingswells Causeway
Prime Four Business Park
Aberdeen, AB15 8PU
United Kingdom


Phone:
44-1224-654436


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.transoceanpartners.com/





Board Members




President/CEO/CFO
Company


Kathleen McAllister
Transocean Partners LLC








Board Members
Company




Norman Szydlowski
8point3 Energy Partners LP


Mark Mey
Transocean Ltd


Brady Long
Transocean Ltd






Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Kathleen S McAllister


President/CEO/CFO




Bradley Alexander


VP:Investor Relations







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Q4 Web Site Development





Q4 Web Maintenance Message 



This site is currently under development and not yet available for public viewing. 
For more information on why this site is not available, please contact Q4



www.q4inc.com 







Transocean Partners LLC Master Limited Partnership Ticker RIGP Profile MLPdata


































































 

						AMZ Index   
						
  
														298.08													


						AMZ Net Change  
						
  
														-0.17						


						AMZ Net Change %   
						
  
														-0.06%						


						AMZ WTD   
						
																								-0.03%						


						AMZ YTD   
						
																							-6.27%						


						As of Date   
						
															7/28/2017						







REGISTER   /   SIGN IN



ACCOUNT
	        		





Profile
Subscription
Sign out










a

















MLPData Login



Invalid Email or Password.  Please Try again.





Email

 
Password




Remember Me


LOGIN

Forgot Password?










 

Not Yet a Member?





REGISTER NOW







 







REGISTER







You have viewed 4 pages and Registration for free access is required.


Name

 
						
					
Email

 
						
					
Password

 
						
					
Confirm Password

 
						
					
I Am An

Please select
Professional Investor
Individual Investor
Other

REGISTER





							Yes, I want to receive the
							
							MLP Weekly Intelligence Report
						
We do not share your email addresses







Free Registration Benefits




							Access to Weekly MLP Intelligence Report
						





							Current and Historical Distributable Cash Flow Tables
						





							Current and Historical Coverage Ratios
						





							Current and Historical Maintenance Capex
						





							Forecasted Distribution Growth Rates
						





							Yield Spreads
						





							Valuation Metrics
						


Already Registered?
LOGIN NOW



 








MLP Data Sign up


Invalid Email or Password.  Please Try again.


Sign up for our Basic Membership orlearn more about our Premium Plans:



Basic Membership





*A minimum of 8 characters is required.



What is your occupation or job title?

Select
Professional Investor
Individual Investor
Service Provider
Other






Premium Plans
Premium Features

Distributable Cash Flow Composition
Valuation Metrics
Forecasted Distribution Growth
25 Custom Ticker Lists


Learn More

Premium+ Features

Excel RTD for Windows OS
Unlimited Custom Ticker Lists


Learn More






 







FORGOT PASSWORD






password123

Login Now »




  Enter your registered email to retrieve the password

Email Not found.


Email



Submit







Don’t have
			an account?
Register.
It’s FREE!

REGISTER NOW



 







CHANGE PASSWORD











Old password

New password

Confirm password

Submit







Don’t have
			an account?
Register.
It’s FREE!
REGISTER NOW



 







 
HOME
DASHBOARD
MLPs
FUNDS

PORTFOLIO
NEWS
INSIGHTS




SCORES







PLANS & PRICING








Go to  

Quote 
Chart 
Profile 
DCF Financials 
Distributions 
Valuation 
Forecast 
Unit Metrics 
Financing Cost 
Guidance 














RIGP
Transocean Partners LLC
















            	Oil & Gas 
            





Other



        Limited Partner        


Exchange Listing Date 
7/31/2014


Website


            	transoceanpartners.com/home/default.aspx            	



 






               		Transocean LLC purchased Transocean Partners in a stock swap where Each outstanding public common unit of Transocean Partners was converted into the right to receive 1.20 shares of Transocean Ltd., which issued approximately 23.8 million shares related to the transaction. In connection with the closing, Transocean Partners' common units were delisted from the New York Stock Exchange effective 12/9/16.               



               Go to RIG







 











Stay Informed!
Sign up for our newsletter to stay informed with what has happened this month.













 















        	Sorry ! You are using a dated Browser which does not allow us to show you much of 
        	MLPData.com...please upgrade to any of the latest browsers by clicking the icons 
        	below and we hope to see you return to MLPData.
        






Chrome





Firefox





Safari





Internet Explorer



 




Search Symbol
  



  




You are looking for data on a ticker that is not a Master Limited Partnership. You can view the universe coverage on FIND MLPs page.

 Go to FIND MLPs Page » 







Search Again







                        Go to
                        


Quote 
Chart 
Profile 
DCF Financials 
Distributions 
Valuation 
Forecast 
Unit Metrics 
Financing Cost 
Guidance 























Add to My Lists








Add New / Existing List




























‹‹ Back to Website







                   We use over 20 data sources to bring you the most real time and accurate information
                   available on the Master Limited Partnership universe.  MLPDATA.com enables you to select,
                    analyze and monitor your investment decisions with the following features:
                








                        Select, Analyze and Monitor MLPs:
                    


Quote and Trade Data
Benchmark Bond Yields
Top 10 Performance, Market Cap, Liquidity Leaders and Laggards
Week to Date, Month to Data, and Year to Date Total Returns
Distributable Cash Flow Statements
Coverage Ratios
Distribution and Dividend Announcements
Annualized Yields
Distribution Growth Rates
Incentive Distribution Rights and Payout Levels
Index Performance Attribution
New Issuance Alerts
Industry Focused Breaking News and Articles
Valuation Metrics
Insider Transactions






                       Screen and Scan the MLP Universe to find Opportunities:
                    


Value Chains – Upstream, Midstream, Downstream
Commodity Exposure
Coverage Ratios
Distribution Growth Rates
Price and Total Return
Tax Treatment of Income
Incentive Distribution Rights




                       Analyze ETF, Close End and Mutual Fund Flows:
                    


Weekly Changes in Assets Under Management
Historical Fund Flows
Historical Dollar Traded Volumes




                       Screen and Monitor Funds:
                    


Quote and Trade Data
Product Fees
Week to Date, Month to Date, and Year to Date Total Returns
							Portfolio Monitor ETNs, ETFs, Open and Closed End Funds










Scans







Top Historical Distribution Coverage – 

        		Top ten units which have provided the highest distribution growth rates for the period selected vs the previous period.  
        		For example, One Year growth rate compares the cumulative distributions over the previous 4 quarters compared to the cumulative distributions from the 4 quarters previous the most recent 4 quarters
        	


Highest Payout Coverage –

				Top ten units which have the highest Distribution coverage ratios, which is the calculated as DCF/Actual Distributions.  
				The calculation uses the Trailing Twelve Month cumulative Distributable Cash Flow divided by the Trailing Twelve Month cumulative Actual Payments
			


Top Yield Increase – 

				Top ten units which had the greatest increase in yield change for the period selected.  
				The period selected compares the current yield against the yield for the prior date.  
				For example, the YTD selection would compare the current yield vs the yield as of the year end.
			


Top Yield Decrease – 

				 Top ten units which had the greatest decrease in yield change for the period selected.  
				 The period selected compares the current yield against the yield for the prior date.  
				 For example, the YTD selection would compare the current yield vs the yield as of the year end.
			


Top Forecasted Distribution Growth – 

				Top ten units which have the highest forecasted distribution growth rates as provided by the top tier Sell Side MLP Analysts.  
				When selected, Actual distribution compares the previous calendar year’s actual distributions against the forecasted distributions.  
				Annualized distribution compares the annualized Q4 distribution against the forecasted distributions.
			


Lowest GP Payouts – 

				  Top ten units with Incentive Distribution Rights which have the lowest prevailing General Partner payout rates.
			



 



Scores Glossary







 Outlook for Unit Performance

	        1 .  High Risk of Distribution Cut 
	        2 .  Distribution At Risk 
	        3 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut 
	        4 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut; Growth at Risk 
	        5 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut; Strong Growth 


 Annualized Yield: 

        		Latest Distribution multiplied by Distribution Frequency to provide expected 12 month distribution.
        		


Latest Qtr Avg Yield:  

				The Average Annualized Yield realized over the Quarter.
				


Latest YoY Growth Rate:   

				The growth rate of the most recent distribution rate compared to the period from one year prior.
			


3 Year Growth Rate: 

				 The forecasted Three Year Distribution growth rate, provided my Management or the mean forecast of a select 
				     group of analyst forecasts.
			


YoY DCF Coverage:   

				Most Recent Quarter compared to the Previous Year Quarter's Distributable Cash Flow Coverage Ratio, 
				which is    calculated as Distributable Cash Flow/Actual Distributions paid in that period
			


YoY CFFO:   

				  Most Recent Quarter compared to the Previous Year Quarter's Cash Flow From Operations. 
			



 














Transocean Partners LLC - NYSE:RIGP - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Transocean Partners LLC (RIGP)
Follow




                                    17.83
                                

0.42
2.41




                        NYSE : Basic Materials
                    

Dec 8, 2016 4:01 PM EST












Prev Close
  17.41


Open
17.62


Day Low/High

                                    17.32 /
                                    17.91


52 Wk Low/High

                                    5.89 /
                                    17.91
                                


Volume
218.65K


Avg Volume 
280.50K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
68.50M


Market Cap
1.22B


EPS
-1.00


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            4.23
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            1.45
                                            (8.10%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









RIGP January 2017 Options Begin Trading











Reminder - Transocean Partners (RIGP) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon

















Election Endgame: How to Survive the Week Ahead
Tuesday's U.S. presidential election supersedes all investment factors and poses serious risks to your portfolio. Here's what to do.

Nov 5, 2016 10:50 AM EDT













This Stock Has A 12.62% Yield And Sells For Less Than Book
Transocean Partners LLC has been named as a Top 10 dividend paying energy stock, according to Dividend Channel, which published its weekly ''DividendRank'' report. The report noted that among energy companies, RIGP shares displayed both attractive valuation metrics and strong profitability metrics.

Oct 4, 2016 7:36 AM EDT













Is Atwood Oceanics again a possible takeover target?
The company has a relatively young, high-spec rig fleet and 50 years' experience drilling shallow-to-ultra-deepwater wells for explorers and producers, particularly internationally.

Sep 13, 2016 4:34 PM EDT













Transocean Partners About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (RIGP)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 8/11/16, Transocean Partners LLC will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.3625, payable on 8/24/16. As a percentage of RIGP's recent stock price of $13.40, this dividend works out to approximately 2.71%, so look for shares of Transocean Partners LLC to trade 2.71% lower — all else being equal — when RIGP shares open for trading on 8/11/16.

Aug 9, 2016 10:14 AM EDT













Transocean Buys Affiliate Transocean Partners For $250M
The all-stock deal is expected to simplify the company's cost structure and bring in more cash.

Aug 2, 2016 1:01 PM EDT













These 7 Stocks Are Seeing Big Volume Today -- Here's How to Trade Them Now
Here's a technical look at how to trade some of the most active stocks on the market right now.

Aug 1, 2016 12:54 PM EDT













What To Hold: 3 Hold-Rated Dividend Stocks DKL, RIGP, TPVG
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Hold by TheStreet

Jul 29, 2016 11:30 AM EDT













RIGP Stock Crowded With Sellers
In trading on Tuesday, shares of Transocean Partners LLC entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $10.5803 per share. We define oversold territory using the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which is a technical analysis indicator used to measure momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jul 26, 2016 3:49 PM EDT













What To Hold: 3 Hold-Rated Dividend Stocks TPVG, RIGP, IRET
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Hold by TheStreet

Jul 11, 2016 11:30 AM EDT













This Stock Has A 11.18% Yield And Sells For Less Than Book
Transocean Partners LLC has been named as a Top 10 dividend paying energy stock, according to Dividend Channel, which published its weekly ''DividendRank'' report. The report noted that among energy companies, RIGP shares displayed both attractive valuation metrics and strong profitability metrics.

Jul 5, 2016 7:46 AM EDT













This Stock Has A 11.50% Yield, Sells For Less Than Book, and Insiders Have Been Buying
In this series, we look through the most recent Dividend Channel ''DividendRank'' report, and then we cherry pick only those companies that have experienced insider buying within the past six months. The officers and directors of a company tend to have a unique insider's view of the business, and presumably the only reason an insider would choose to take their hard-earned cash and use it to buy stock in the open market, is that they expect to make money — maybe they find the stock very undervalued, or maybe they see exciting progress within the company, or maybe both.

Jul 1, 2016 10:57 AM EDT













Analysts' Actions -- Anadarko, Biogen, VeriFone, Ralph Lauren and More
Here are Wednesday's top research calls, including downgrades for Biogen and VeriFone, an upgrade for Ralph Lauren and new coverage of Anadarko Petroleum.

Jun 8, 2016 8:05 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  AF, ANET, CCU, CROX, ENBL, GRBK, HCCI, LBTYA, PFIN, RIGP, TIME, UNAM, ZION
    
Downgrades:  ABEV, BPI, CPHD, LEE, PBIP, UG
    
Initiations:  HTGM, OPGN
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Jun 7, 2016 12:12 PM EDT













3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: WMC, NAUH, RIGP
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

May 31, 2016 11:30 AM EDT













RIGP Ex-Dividend Reminder - 5/13/16
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 5/13/16, Transocean Partners LLC will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.3625, payable on 5/24/16. As a percentage of RIGP's recent stock price of $12.56, this dividend works out to approximately 2.89%, so look for shares of Transocean Partners LLC to trade 2.89% lower — all else being equal — when RIGP shares open for trading on 5/13/16.

May 11, 2016 9:58 AM EDT













This High-Yielding MLP Is a No-Brainer With Climbing Energy Prices
This offshore drilling master limited partnership generates a fat dividend yield of 12.27% and may be on track for capital appreciation.

May 3, 2016 11:50 AM EDT













Reversal of Fortune: Energy Sector Fires Up as Tech and Health Fizzle
In the week ahead, new earnings and economic data will indicate whether the energy sector's resurgence, in tandem with the decline of technology and health stocks, will continue.

May 1, 2016 3:41 PM EDT













What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks RIGP, MVC, IRT
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Apr 27, 2016 11:30 AM EDT













This Stock Has A 16.37% Yield And Sells For Less Than Book
Transocean Partners LLC has been named as a Top 10 dividend paying energy stock, according to Dividend Channel, which published its weekly ''DividendRank'' report. The report noted that among energy companies, RIGP shares displayed both attractive valuation metrics and strong profitability metrics.

Apr 1, 2016 7:40 AM EDT













3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: HHS, RIGP, HMLP
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Mar 18, 2016 11:30 AM EDT













What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks RIGP, ANH, STB
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Feb 17, 2016 10:30 AM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: EVG, RIGP, FFC
EVG RIGP FFC are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, February 18, 2016

Feb 17, 2016 10:00 AM EST













Transocean Partners Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 2/18/16, Transocean Partners LLC will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.3625, payable on 2/25/16. As a percentage of RIGP's recent stock price of $8.12, this dividend works out to approximately 4.47%, so look for shares of Transocean Partners LLC to trade 4.47% lower — all else being equal — when RIGP shares open for trading on 2/18/16.

Feb 16, 2016 11:18 AM EST













Transocean Partners LLC: A 27.9% Better Bargain Than When Lynch-Bell Bought
There's an old saying on Wall Street about insider buying: there are many possible reasons to sell a stock, but only one reason to buy. Back on September 4, Transocean Partners LLC's Director, Michael David Lynch-bell, invested $16,650.00 into 1,500 shares of RIGP, for a cost per share of $11.10.

Feb 16, 2016 10:49 AM EST













What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks GLOP, ZFC, RIGP
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Jan 28, 2016 10:30 AM EST













3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: WPT, SNR, RIGP
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Jan 19, 2016 10:30 AM EST













Shares of RIGP Now Oversold
In trading on Wednesday, shares of Transocean Partners LLC entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $8.40 per share. We define oversold territory using the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which is a technical analysis indicator used to measure momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jan 6, 2016 11:30 AM EST













What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks RIGP, UDF, RNF
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Jan 6, 2016 10:30 AM EST



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Building A Diversified High-Yield Energy Portfolio - One Year Later

SeekingAlpha



Apple Supplier In Sale Talks

SeekingAlpha



MLPs Lag Despite Right Stuff

SeekingAlpha



Transocean Partners: One Of The Best Stories Of 2016

SeekingAlpha



Microsoft Defeats Salesforce; LinkedIn Deal Set To Close

SeekingAlpha



MLPs Can't Win For Losing

SeekingAlpha



S&P 500 oil stocks up as much as 22%; some analysts say more gains ahead

SeekingAlpha



Offshore Drillers Rally After OPEC Deal

SeekingAlpha



Financial Engineering At Transocean

SeekingAlpha



After Hours Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



Offshore Drillers: Quick Thoughts Ahead Of The OPEC Meeting

SeekingAlpha



Offshore Drillers: Results Of Q3 Earnings Season

SeekingAlpha



MLPs: Stepped Over

SeekingAlpha



Bank Of America's Billion Dollar Bet

SeekingAlpha



Transocean Is Sweetening The Share-For-Unit Merger Deal With Transocean Partners By 5%

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


Sprint's Chairman Proposes Merger With Charter Communications











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

















Transocean Partners LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Transocean Partners LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Transaction Advisors Clients Financials



Transocean Partners LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2014




Headquarters


40 George Street, London, Greater London W1u 7dw




Employees (Worldwide)


566




Industries


Oil & Gas




Company Description


Transocean Partners LLC owns, operates and acquires modern, technologically advanced offshore drilling rigs. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.




Website


http://www.transoceanpartners.com






 In The News
          See more




Thomson Reuters ONE
December 9, 2016





                        Transocean Ltd. Completes Acquisition of Transocean Partners in an All-Equity Transaction                    





Thomson Reuters ONE
November 21, 2016





                        Transocean Ltd. Increases Consideration for Acquisition of Transocean Partners LLC                    





Thomson Reuters ONE
November 16, 2016





                        Transocean Partners LLC Announces Adjournment of Special Meeting until December 6, 2016                    





Thomson Reuters ONE
November 11, 2016





                        Transocean Partners LLC Announces Adjournment of Special Meeting until November 16, 2016                    





PR Newswire
November 10, 2016





                        Transocean Partners Expected to Be Removed from the Alerian Small Cap MLP Index                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Garry Taylor

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Director




Jill S. Greene

Associate General Counsel





Diane Vento

Director-Investor Relations




Bradley Alexander

Vice President, Investor Relations





Pamela Easton

Manager-Corporate Communications






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



David Walls

Former General Manager at Transocean Ltd.




Garry Taylor

President at GT Transportation Services, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Transocean Partners LLC



                        Transocean Partners LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Transocean Partners LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Transocean Partners LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Transocean Ltd. purchases Transocean Partners LLC                                                                       




 Details Hidden



                                    Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                                                    





 Transaction Advisors



Companies ▾




Legal Advisor



Baker Botts LLP

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




Manager



Bank of America Merrill Lynch

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




Underwriter



Barclays Capital, Inc.

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




Lead Manager



Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




Escrow Agent



Computershare Trust Co. NA

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




People ▾




Legal Advisor



Andrew J. Ericksen

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




Lead Manager



Carlos A. Ruiz

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




Legal Advisor



Chris Pratt

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




Associate



Daniel J. Gottschalk

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    




Legal Advisor



Derek S. Green

                                        Advised on
                                        Transocean Partners LLC issued Common Units                                    






See 25 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 25 More 






 Clients



Companies ▾




Chevron Corp.


                                                                                     •  Wilmington, DE                                                                            

                                        Chevron is one of the world's leading integrated energy companies and conducts business worldwide. Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way—by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth. We are involved in virtually every facet of the energy industry. We explore for, produce and transport crude oil and natural gas; refine, market and distribute transportation fuels and lubricants; manufacture and sell petrochemical products; generate power and produce geothermal energy; provide energy efficiency solutions; and develop the energy resources of the future, including research for advanced biofuels.
                                    




BP Plc


                                                                                     •  Naperville, IL                                                                            

                                        BP Plc operates as an integrated oil and gas company worldwide. It operates through three segments: Upstream, Downstream and Rosneft. The Upstream segment engages in the oil and natural gas exploration, field development, and production; midstream transportation, and storage and processing; and marketing and trade of natural gas, including liquefied natural gas, and power and natural gas liquids. It also owns and manages crude oil and natural gas pipelines; processing facilities and export terminals; and LNG processing facilities and transportation, as well as NGL extraction business. The Downstream segment refines, manufactures, markets, transports, supplies, and trades in crude oil, petroleum, and petrochemicals products and related services to wholesale and retail customers. It offers lubricants and related products under the Castrol, BP, and Aral brands to the automotive, industrial, marine, and energy markets; and petrochemicals products, such as purified terephthalic acid, paraxylene, acetic acid, olefins and derivatives, and specialty petrochemicals products. The Rosneft segment engages in the exploration and production of hydrocarbons in the United States, Canada, Vietnam, Venezuela, Brazil, Algeria, the United Arab Emirates, Turkmenistan, and Norway; and offers jet fuel, bunkering, bitumen, and lubricants. It also produces bioethanol, sugar, and biobutanol; exports power to the local grid; transports hydrocarbon products through shipping and chartering services. BP was founded by William Knox D'Arcy on April 14, 1908 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.
                                    





 Key Stats and Financials as of 



Market Capitalization


$1.05B






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













Is Transocean Partners The Yield-Producing IPO To Buy?HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballIs Transocean Partners The Yield-Producing IPO To Buy?William HubbardBenzingaJuly 24, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareTransocean Ltd (NYSE: RIG) is spinning off three of its rigs to Transocean Partners LLC. Transocean Partners will receive 51 percent stakes in three vessels, Discover Inspiration, Discover Clear Leader, and the semi-submersible Development Driller III. Transocean will maintain the remaining 49 percent, non-controlling interest.Relationship With TransoceanTransocean Ltd is an international offshore oil and gas well driller, operating or holding interest in 77 rigs. Transocean’s size and international exposure provides strength to Transocean Partners. According to a recent S-1 filing, the company believes the relationship will “provide us with access to leading international energy companies, as well as suppliers."“Transocean’s operational and managerial expertise will enable us to compete more effectively for contract opportunities,” it continues.Related: Advanced Drainage Systems Looks To Overcome Uneven FinancialsThe relationship also grants Transocean Partners first rights to buy Transocean’s stake in its rigs should it decide to divest. Transocean Partners will also have the right to buy at least 51 percent interest in six deep-sea drilling rigs currently under construction. Transocean will pick when and what rigs will be for sale; however, the offering must occur within five years of Transocean Partners' IPO.The BusinessTransocean Partners' business objective is to generate a consistent cash flow through operation of its fleet of rigs. To accomplish this task, the company intends to acquire stable, safe oil-producing rigs that will support its intention of growing its quarterly cash dividend for investors. Currently, the company believes it is in a position to be able to meet its stated objective by maintaining long-term contracts with customers. The current average contract term is 4.1 years.  According to its S-1 filing, the company “believes these agreements will enhance cash flow dependability and predictability, providing us with the financial stability we needs to make cash distributions.”Upon closing its IPO, the company will be financially flexible to work out future acquisitions and will have the means to do so. A $300 million undrawn revolver will be available for use in executing its acquisition and expansion plans.Transocean Partners is currently well capitalized. Over the preceding two years, net income has been positive, earning $255 million in 2012 and $189 million in 2013. The decline is most likely because of a temporary decline in revenue efficiency during 2013. As of March 31, 2014, the company is operating at a level not previously seen, with 100 percent of rigs operating at a 98 percent revenue efficiency. Deal ReviewTransocean Partners will be issuing its $350 million IPO through Morgan Stanley and Barclays. According to its S-1 filing, it will offer 17.5 million shares between $19 and $21 per share.Disclosure: At the time of this writing, the author holds not positions in the mentioned securities.See more from BenzingaAdvanced Drainage Systems Looks To Overcome Uneven FinancialsIPO Lookout: Lots of Action This Week, But Is Anything A Worthwhile Investment?How Did Investors Beat The Market On Friday?© 2014 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTransocean (RIG) to Post Q2 Earnings: What to Expect?ZacksEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressIt's Easily the No. 1 Stock to OwnBanyan HillSponsoredTrump administration ends myRA program that helped people save for retirementCNBCChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekNever Buy Options [Do This Instead]Investing DailySponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceAre You Still Interested in a Travel Rewards Card?Wise BreadSponsoredAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chartMarketWatchMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoNorth Korea says 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in rangeJohn: Doesn't that little fat kid know that if he actually fires a missile at something other than water, his country will just be annihilated?Join the Conversation1 / 54.7k



















TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC (RIGP) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC (RIGP) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC


Company Address
40 GEORGE STREETLONDON W1U 7DW


Company Phone
44-20-3675-8410


Company Website
www.transoceanpartners.com


CEO
Kathleen S. McAllister


Employees 
 -- 


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (7/31/2014)


Proposed Symbol
RIGP


Exchange
New York Stock Exchange


Share Price
$22.00


Shares Offered
17,500,000


Offer Amount
$385,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$6,948,328.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
17,500,000


Shares Outstanding
41,379,310


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
1/27/2015


Quiet Period Expiration
9/9/2014


CIK
0001607250




The common units being offered by this prospectus are solely for the account of
the selling unitholder, the Transocean Member, including the common units
offered if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional common
units. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of common units by the
selling unitholder. The Transocean Member will pay all offering expenses,
underwriting discounts, the structuring fee, financial advisory fees, selling
commissions and brokerage fees, if any, incurred in connection with this
offering and any exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase
additional units.

The Transocean Member has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase
up to 2,625,000 additional common units. Any exercise of such option will not
affect the total number of our common units outstanding or the amount of cash
needed to pay the minimum quarterly distribution on all units outstanding
following the completion of this offering.


The offshore drilling market is highly competitive with numerous industry
participants, none of which has a dominant market share. Drilling contracts are
generally awarded through competitive bidding processes, where our customers and
potential customers’ main considerations are price, quality and technical
capability of services and equipment. Industry supply and demand economics play
an important role in the contractual terms, including the dayrates, we and our
customers ultimately agree to. As a result of these economic forces, in general,
and the increased number of newbuild units entering the drilling market,
specifically, our ability to obtain future drilling contracts, if at all, may be
subject to increased competition and impact our dayrates and utilization rates.

In recent years, oil companies have placed increased emphasis on exploring for
hydrocarbons in deeper waters. This deepwater focus is due, in part, to
technological developments that have made such exploration more feasible and
cost effective. Therefore, water depth capability is a key component in
determining rig suitability for a particular drilling project. We believe that
our fleet of recently constructed high-specification drilling rigs provides us
with a competitive advantage over competitors with older fleets.


Company Description
We are a growth-oriented limited liability company recently formed by
Transocean, one of the world’s largest offshore drilling contractors, to own,
operate and acquire modern, technologically advanced offshore drilling rigs. Our
initial assets consist of 51 percent interests in the RigCos that own


 and
operate three ultra-deepwater drilling rigs that are currently operating in the
U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Transocean owns the remaining 49 percent noncontrolling
interest in each of the RigCos. We generate revenue through contract drilling
services, which involves contracting our mobile offshore drilling fleet, related
equipment and work crews on a dayrate basis to large international energy
companies to drill oil and gas wells.

Our drilling rigs currently operate under long-term contracts with Chevron and
BP, two leading international energy companies, with an average remaining
contract term of approximately 4.1 years as of July 7, 2014. We believe that our
drilling contracts will generate stable and reliable cash flows over their term.
We intend to use the relationships and expertise of Transocean to re-contract
our fleet when the existing contracts expire and identify opportunities to
expand our fleet through acquisitions.

The following table provides information about the rigs in our initial fleet:
                                                                                                                  
                                                        Year         Water       Drilling                                 Current Contract Terms, Dayrates and Customers        
                                         Our           Entered       Depth         Depth                                             Completion                         
Rig Name                               Interest        Service       (feet)       (feet)           Location       Start Date(1)       Date(1)        Dayrate(2)         Customer
Drillships                                                                                                                                                              
Discoverer Inspiration                        51 %         2010       12,000        40,000           USA            March 2010       March 2015     $    526,000        Chevron 
                                                                                               (Gulf of Mexico)     April 2015       April 2020     $    585,000        Chevron 
Discoverer Clear Leader                       51 %         2009       12,000        40,000           USA           August 2009     September 2014   $    569,000 (3)    Chevron 
                                                                                               (Gulf of Mexico)   September 2014   September 2018   $    590,000        Chevron 
Semisubmersible                                                                                                                                                         
Development Driller III                       51 %         2009        7,500        37,500           USA          November 2009    November 2016    $    428,000           BP   
                                                                                               (Gulf of Mexico)                                                         

(1)Contract start and completion dates are estimated. Contracts could be longer 
   in duration because of a provision that allows the customer to finish 
   drilling a well-in-progress and due to other factors not under our control. 
   New contracts do not commence until the prior contract has been completed.  

(2)Represents the maximum contractual operating dayrate (which could change 
   in the future due to cost escalations), but excludes amortization of drilling 
   contract intangible revenues and certain cash and non-cash pre-operating 
   revenues that terminate at the end of the rigs’ current contracts. 

   The average dayrate actually earned over the term of the contract will 
   reflect various reduced rates received under the contract as a result of 
   time billed according to standby rates, waiting-on-weather rates, maintenance 
   rates or any other similar rates, which are typically less than the contract 
   dayrate. In addition, the amount shown does not reflect incentive programs, 
   which are typically based on the rig’s operating performance against a 
   performance curve. For the three months ended March 31, 2014, average daily 
   revenue was $533,200, $579,700 and $467,200 for Discoverer Inspiration , 
   Discoverer Clear Leader and Development Driller III , respectively, and 
   the revenue efficiency of the rigs in our initial fleet was 98 percent. 
   For the year ended December 31, 2013, average daily revenue was $500,700, 
   $450,500 and $416,100 for Discoverer Inspiration , Discoverer Clear Leader 
   and Development Driller III , respectively, and the revenue efficiency of 
   the rigs in our initial fleet was 86 percent. 

(3)The dayrate for the remainder of the contract is linked to the standard 
   West Texas Intermediate crude oil price with a floor of $40 per barrel 
   resulting in a contract dayrate of $400,000 and a ceiling of $70 per barrel 
   resulting in a contract dayrate of $500,000, before cost escalation 
   adjustments of $50,000 per day and pre-operating revenues of $19,000 per 
   day.  
---

Our registered and principal executive offices are located at Deepwater House,
Kingswells Causeway, Prime Four Business Park, Aberdeen, AB15 8PU, Scotland,
United Kingdom, and our phone number is +44 1224 945 100. Following the
completion of this offering, our website will be located at
www.transoceanpartners.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$148,000,000


Net Income
$63,000,000


Total Assets
$2,432,000,000






Total Liabilities
$112,000,000


Stockholders' Equity
$2,320,000,000


View all Company Financials for RIGP


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 7 Total: 7
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC
424B4
8/1/2014
Filing



TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC
S-1/A
7/31/2014
Filing



TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC
S-1/A
7/25/2014
Filing



TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC
S-1/A
7/22/2014
Filing



TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC
S-1/A
7/18/2014
Filing



TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC
S-1/A
7/14/2014
Filing



TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC
S-1
6/23/2014
Filing



View all SEC Filings for RIGP




Experts


Auditor
Ernst & Young LLP


Company Counsel
Watson, Farley & Williams LLP and Baker Botts L.L.P.


Lead Underwriter
Barclays Capital Inc


Lead Underwriter
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC


Transfer Agent
Computershare Trust Company, N.A


Underwriter
BofA Merrill Lynch


Underwriter
Citigroup Global Markets Inc


Underwriter
Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.


Underwriter
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC


Underwriter
DNB Markets, Inc


Underwriter
Goldman, Sachs & Co


Underwriter
Goldman, Sachs & Co.


Underwriter
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC


Underwriter
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.


Underwriter
Standard Chartered Securities (Hong Kong) Limited


Underwriter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC


Underwriter Counsel
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P


Underwriter Counsel
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.









News for RIGP









                        Apple Supplier In Sale Talks
                    

12/12/2016 11:15:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        MLPs Lag Despite Right Stuff
                    

12/12/2016 1:27:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Transocean Partners: One Of The Best Stories Of 2016
                    

12/8/2016 12:05:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Transocean LTD, Transocean Partners LLC, and Seadrill Ltd Stocks Up 30% in November: Here's What You Really Need to Know
                    

12/6/2016 4:39:00 PM - Motley Fool



                        Microsoft Defeats Salesforce; LinkedIn Deal Set To Close
                    

12/6/2016 10:47:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        MLPs Can't Win For Losing
                    

12/4/2016 3:38:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: ExxonMobil, BP, Transocean, Transocean Partners and Suncor Energy
                    

11/30/2016 10:30:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Oil & Gas Stock Roundup: Exxon's Liberia Drilling, BP's Egyptian Deal and More
                    

11/29/2016 5:47:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Transocean Raises Acquisition Offer for Transocean Partners
                    

11/23/2016 8:35:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Energy Sector Update for 11/22/2016: TLLP,TSO,RIGP,RIG,GTE
                    

11/22/2016 4:18:46 PM - MT Newswires



                        Energy Sector Update for 11/22/2016: RIGP,RIG,NVGS,GTE
                    

11/22/2016 1:24:56 PM - MT Newswires



                        Transocean Partners LLC (RIGP) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for November 09, 2016
                    

11/8/2016 10:00:03 AM - NASDAQ.com News



                        Transocean's Cost Cutting Efforts Keep the Company's Earnings Afloat
                    

11/3/2016 10:19:00 AM - Motley Fool



                        Energy Recap: New This Week - Crude Oil Charts
                    

10/14/2016 7:03:00 PM - SeekingAlpha



                        Zacks.com featured highlights: Craft Brew Alliance, EZCORP, Service Corporation, Transocean Partners and Barnes & Noble
                    

8/30/2016 9:30:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        5 Stocks About to Pop on New Analyst Coverage
                    

8/29/2016 8:46:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Transocean Partners LLC (RIGP) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for August 11, 2016
                    

8/10/2016 9:00:04 AM - NASDAQ.com News



                        Transocean Continues to Conserve Cash As Its Earnings Decline Again in Q2
                    

8/4/2016 1:49:00 PM - Motley Fool



                        Transocean (RIG) Posts Better-than-Expected Q2 Earnings
                    

8/4/2016 11:09:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Why Transocean Partners (RIGP) Could Be a Top Value Stock Pick
                    

8/2/2016 8:56:00 AM - Zacks.com




 Subscribe


                More RIGP News & Commentary



                Read RIGP Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































