

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:51 PM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Inc. provides property and casualty reinsurance services. The company was founded in 1952 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Transatlantic Holdings Inc.


80 Pine Street9th FloorNew York, NY 10005-1720United StatesFounded in 1952



Phone: 212-770-2000

Fax: 212-785-7230

www2.transre.com







Key Executives for Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Inc.




Mr. Michael C. Sapnar


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Steven S. Skalicky


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 68
        







Mr. Paul A. Bonny


      	President of Europe and Asia Pacific
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Kenneth W. Brandt


      	President of North America
      








Mr. Javier E. Vijil


      	President of Latin American
      


Age: 64
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Inc. Key Developments

General Reinsurance Corporation and Transatlantic Reinsurance Company Form Broker Market Underwriting Relationship
Jul 5 16
General Reinsurance Corporation ("Gen Re") and Transatlantic Reinsurance Company ("TransRe"), jointly announced that they have entered into an initial five-year agreement for TransRe to act as exclusive underwriting manager on behalf of Gen Re for U.S. and Canadian property and casualty treaty reinsurance business produced by brokers and intermediaries. This new arrangement provides brokers and intermediaries access to Gen Re's traditionally direct-only capacity through a new underwriting platform fully managed by TransRe. By leveraging TransRe's underwriting acumen, claims expertise and broker relationships across the combined financial strength of the two companies, the new facility will deliver enhanced solutions to the reinsurance market including broader capacity and line size, while providing consistency and assurance in execution. The facility is expected to be available for U.S. and Canadian broker market treaty business written on and after August 1, 2016, subject to applicable regulatory approvals or authorizations.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Atlantic Surety Company United States 212 Capital Group, LLC United States 21st Century Life and Health Company, Inc. United States 3 Mark Financial, Inc. United States 534 Las Americas, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 13, 2017
			    
Casey's General Stores, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Inc., please visit www2.transre.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Transatlantic Reinsurance Co                                                                                             - Miami                                             , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Miami



Fire, Marine, and Casualty Insurance



Reciprocal Interinsurance Exchanges: Fire, Marine, Casualty



                            Transatlantic Reinsurance Co
                                    



 





















T 


Transatlantic Reinsurance Co                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



701 NW 62ND AVE STE 790 MIAMI, FL 33126
Get Directions



(305) 262-6441
www.transre.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 34
 Industries Reciprocal Interinsurance Exchanges: Fire, Marine, Casualty
 Contacts Javier Vijil                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Transatlantic Reinsurance Co                                                                                             specializes in Reciprocal Interinsurance Exchanges: Fire, Marine, Casualty. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Transatlantic Reinsurance Co | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Insurance Carriers Industry Report


















Transatlantic Reinsurance CoCompany Information

1 Liberty Plz Fl 17New York, NY, 10006 United States(212) 365-2200 †
http://www.transre.com
Top 3 Competitors

Swiss Re AG
Hannover Rück SE
Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft AG in München



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Transatlantic Reinsurance Co Company Profile


   Living up to its name, Transatlantic Reinsurance Company provides reinsurance on both sides of the Atlantic, and, in fact, along the Pacific as well. The company offers both treaty (package) and facultative (case by case) reinsurance. Its major lines of business include property catastrophe, traditional property/casualty (including auto, umbrella, and workers' compensation), and specialty casualty (including medical malpractice, directors' and officers' liability, and accident coverage) reinsurance. Transatlantic Reinsurance and its subsidiaries, including Fair American and Trans Re Zurich, are the primary operating companies of Transatlantic Holdings, which is part of insurance firm Alleghany.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Transatlantic Reinsurance Co Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

New York, NY, United States
Reinsurance Carriers
Insurance Carriers







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days






























Transatlantic Reinsurance Co's Reviews, Salaries, Interviews & Resumes | LiveCareer


























 


  Menu  Close 
  LiveCareer  



 For Employers
 Contact Us
 Live Chat
 Log In
 Log In



Resume Builder 
 Resumes




Resume Examples
Resume Templates
Resume Samples
Resume Tips
Resume Services





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Admin
Business
Customer Service
Education




Engineering
Finance
Human Resources
IT
Law




Management
Media & Entertainment
Medical
Sales
Science




Retail
Marketing
Construction
Real Estate
Automotive




Production
Social Services
Transportation




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Business Templates
Classic Template
Computers Technology
Contemporary




Culinary Templates
Engineering Templates
Entry Level
Experienced
Management




Media Entertainment
Space Saver
Standard Template
Traditional
Traditional Template




IT
Customer Service
Sales
Education
Marketing




Retail
Medical
Finance
Microsoft Word
HR




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accountant
Analyst
Architect
Art
Bartender




Bookkeeper
Chef
Computer Science
Consultant
Engineering




Entry Level
Executive
Housekeeper
IT (Information Technology)
Manager




Military
Nursing
Receptionist
Resume Objectives
Retail




Sales
Server
Teacher
Technical
Resume Samples Guide




 View All Job Industries  





Featured Resume Tips





How to Include Keywords In Your Resume
Without strategically placing keywords in your resume, employers won't be able to find you.







Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume


Read More Resume Tips  

Resume Tips

How to Write Your First Resume
Best Resume Formats
Including References on Resume
Do's and Don'ts for Your Education Section
How to Write Your Resume Work Experience Section

View Other Resume Tips  



More Tips



  

Professional Resume Writing
Let us write it for you! Put the power of a professional resume writer on your side and get the job faster.



  

Resume Check
Make sure your resume is 100% error free! Instant feedback + make your resume recruiter ready.





  

Have a Pro Review Your Resume
Get an expert 2nd opinion with Resume Review. Professional advice will help you make your resume perfect so get you hired faster.



  

Professional Cover Letter Writing
Make the ultimate first impression with employers. Stand out from the crowd with a professionally written cover letter to match your resume.





 View Other Resume Services  







 Cover Letters




Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Examples
Letter Samples





COVER LETTER BUILER

  

Get your foot in the door with a stand-out cover letter
Your cover letter is your first change to impress potential employers. Cover Letter Builder gives you the tools to get noticed!
Create a Cover Letter  



COVER LETTER TIPS

  

Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume
Read Tips  





Cover Letter Job Industries



Education
Accounting & Finance
Customer Service
Management
Administrative




Marketing
Sales
Business
Medical
Healthcare




Media & Entertainment
IT (Information & Technology)




 See All Categories  





Letter Sample Categories



Cover Letters
Resignation Letters
Application Letters
Permission Letters
Termination Letters




Leave Letters
Appreciation Letters
Recommendation Letters
Thank You Letters
Appointment Letters




Reference Letters
Apology Letters




 See All Categories  







 Interviews




Interview Game Plan
Interview Videos
Interview Tips
Interview Questions





Interview Game Plan

  

Plan for Interview Success
Our proven solution is backed by a decade of research and has helped thousands get a job!
Learn more  



Free Video

  

3 Techniques To Answer Any Interview Question
Watch how you can answer any interview question and win the job!
Watch free video now 







Interview Videos

  

What's your greatest strength?
Interviewers will ask similar questions and gauge your response



  

How do you stay organized?
Hiring Managers want to learn how you get things done


View All Interview Videos  



Interview Categories

Common Questions
Good & Bad Answers
Good Answers Only
Bad Answers Only



Industries

Admin Support
Healthcare
Restaurant
Retail



View More Interview Preparations 







Job Interview Tips

  

Your First Ever Job Interview
10 tips that will help you have a successful first ever job interview.



  

What is your Biggest Failure?
Read how to properly interpret and answer this seemingly tricky question.





 View All Interview Tips  








Featured Interview Questions:

  

Why Are You The Best Candidate For This Position?
You want to make sure that you provide a clear and intelligible answer.



  

What Are Your Career Goals?
Make sure your goals line up with what you would be doing in their company.





 See All Interview Questions  







 Jobs




Search Jobs
Job Tips







Job Search Top Cities



Austin
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Jacksonville
Los Angeles




New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose





Job Search Top Industries



Accounting And Finance
Administrative Support
Business
Computers And Technology
Construction
Customer Service




Education And Training
Engineering
Food And Beverage
Healthcare
Human Resources
Sales





Job Search Top Companies



Amazon
Coca Cola Company
Costco
Fedex
Frito Lay
Google




Postmates
Procter and Gamble
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart






 View All Jobs  





Job Tips



  

Career Tips
You only get out of your career what you put into it.



  

Civic and Volunteer Activities Can Help You Get a Job
It makes you more well-rounded and enhances your appearance through your resume





  

Soft Skills in Demand
You may have skills that are high in demand and not even know it.





 Read All Job Tips  







 Companies




Companies









Amazon
Apple
Chevron Corp
Citibank
Coca Cola




Comcast
Costco
Deloitte
Fedex
General Electric




Google
Hewlett Packard
Hot Topic
Ikea
Kaiser Permanente




Sears
Mcafee
Nike
Nordstrom Rack
Planned Parenthood




Macy's
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart




 View All Companies  







 Resources




Resume Directory
Quintessential
Job Descriptions





Top Industries



Architecture
Community and Public Service
Education and Training
Government
Green Jobs
Healthcare




Human Resources
Management
Performing Arts
Science
Skilled Trades
Textile and Apparel




 View All Industries  






Quintessential by livecareer

  

What's your greatest strength?
Your one-stop source for the latest career tools, job search tips, and expert advice.
Read more 



I Am A Student

College Search
College Majors
College Planning
Internships

All Student Resources  

I Am A Career Changer

Career Assessment Tools
Articles
Find Your Career Passion
Quizzes

All Career Change Resources  

I Am A Job Seeker

Career Exploration
Checklist
Career Planning
Blog

All Job Seeker Resources  



Top Job Descriptions



Cashier Job Description
Project Manager Job Description
Accountant Job Description
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Operations Manager Job Description
Account Manager Job Description




Receptionist Job Description
Office Manager Job Description
Business Analyst Job Description
Marketing Manager Job Description
 Executive Assistant Job Description
Sales Associate Job Description




Sales Manager Job Description
Customer Service Job Description
 Sales Representative Job Description
Graphic Designer Job Description
Product Manager Job Description
General Manager Job Description




Data Analyst Job Description
Bookkeeper Job Description




 View All Job Descriptions  






















 LiveCareer 
 Company 
Transatlantic Reinsurance Co 

















Search


















Transatlantic Reinsurance Co














Overview



 Reviews
                                



 Interviews
                                



 Compensation
                                



 Benefits
                                


2 Resumes


Is This your Company?














Transatlantic Reinsurance Co Overview



Website:

N/A

Locations:


                                                             Miami, FL 

                                                

Employees:
0




Founded:
N/A
President:
Javier Vijil
Industry:

Fire, Marine, And Casualty Insurance
& 1 other industry



Revenue:
$0





                                            Located at Miami, FL, Transatlantic Reinsurance Co is categorized as a fire, marine, and casualty insurance company. The firm's President is Javier Vijil.
                                        









What’s your overall rating for Transatlantic Reinsurance Co?
Skip question 









All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous



Thank you! Please, type the name of that employer.




Got it! 

Now tell us more about your employer

All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous

You have already provided some feedback on this company! 



Are you a current or former employee?
Skip question 



 Current
                

 Former
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




Would you recommend Transatlantic Reinsurance Co to a friend?
Skip question 



 Yes
                

 No
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




How difficult was the interview at Transatlantic Reinsurance Co?
Skip question 


Easy
Hard

5.0
 4.0
 3.0 
2.0 
1.0 

Hard
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




Did you get an offer?
Skip question 



 Yes
                

 No
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




What's your base salary?
Skip question 



$0-$29,999
$30,000-$37,999
$38,000-$49,999
$50,000-$67,999
$68,000+

All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




How do you rate the benefits at Transatlantic Reinsurance Co?
Skip question 











All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous



GO TO FULL REVIEW



GO TO FULL REVIEW
Go to Company Overview




Your review is looking great!
Want to share more of your experience?

General Review

The Interview Process

Your Compensation

your Benefits


GO TO FULL REVIEW




Thanks for providing information about your experience with Transatlantic Reinsurance Co








Add a New Company

Please fill out the information below about the company



Company Name



Company's Website



Business Address



Business Address (Optional)





State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






City





Zip







                                        You agree to the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy.
                                    




SUBMIT
Cancel









 



Build your resume today for FREE
Build your resume today












2 Resumes featuring Transatlantic Reinsurance Co 
See All Resumes



65 %
Resume Score


XXXX XXXX
 Transatlantic Reinsurance Co Adjusters, Investigators and Collectors




60 %
Resume Score


XXXX XXXX
 Transatlantic Reinsurance Co Adjusters, Investigators and Collectors



+ See All Resumes




Transatlantic Reinsurance Co Employee Statistics




School/University


Top Degrees


Also Worked at


Time at Transatlantic Reinsurance Co

























                                                The most common university attended by Transatlantic Reinsurance Co employees is University of Phoenix.
                                            

                                                Trends in employee education at Transatlantic Reinsurance Co reveal a lot about the company's intellectual environment. Employees at Transatlantic Reinsurance Co typically hold a BACHELOR OF SCIENCE and Bachelor of Science degrees.
                                            

                                                Among Transatlantic Reinsurance Co candidates, companies like American International Group, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, US International Reinsurance, and ACE Capital RE, Inc are also popular places to apply.
                                            



























Transatlantic Reinsurance Co Top Locations











Popular Job Titles at Transatlantic Reinsurance Co














Build your resume for FREE and get the job you've always wanted.
Build your resume today









Upload your logo.












Drop image here or click to  browse
(Acceptable file types include JPEG, PNG and Size should be less than 50KB)



File size 
Type 
Image dimension 



Uploading…
Error! . Try again!























Sign in to your Account


Email Address



Password



Log In


Stay signed in
                                        




Log In
Log In





Forgot password?

                                Don’t have an account? Sign up













Create a LiveCareer account


First Name



Last Name



Email Address



Password



Sign up





Already have an account?















Resume Tools

Resume Builder
Resume Tips
CV Templates
Resume Directory
Resume Samples





Cover Letter 

Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Tips
Cover Letter Samples





Mighty Recruiter 

Job Sourcing
Free Job Posting



Company 

Job Listings
Company Directory





Resources 

Quintessential LiveCareer
Education Opportunities





About 

Who We Are
Work Here
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use





Help & Support 

Customer Service/Billing
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions









 Language 





English
English (UK)






Español
Français






Italiano
Deutsch






Nederlands
Português
Polski







Customer Service 
 
customerservice@livecareer.com800-652-8430 Mon- Fri 8am - 8pm CST Sat 8am - 5pm CST, Sun 10am - 6pm CST
				  

Stay in touch with us













© 2017, Bold Limited. All rights reserved.


Powered by  







































BBB Business Profile | Transatlantic Reinsurance Co | Accreditation























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Insurance - Fire & Flood Specialists
 > 
Transatlantic Reinsurance Co














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Transatlantic Reinsurance Co



Submit a Review

































Transatlantic Reinsurance Co






            Business Information
        






(312) 930-5555

Transatlantic Reinsurance Co

        500 W Madison St Ste 2710
        Chicago, IL 60661-4568
    








Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/12/2007
            





            Business Management
        


                    Victor Leong, Manager
                






            Business Category
        


                Insurance - Fire & Flood Specialists
            




                            NAICS: Direct Property and Casualty Insurance Carriers
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Transatlantic Reinsurance Co






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Transatlantic Reinsurance Co
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






































 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.

















































Transatlantic Reinsurance Co | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Insurance Carriers Industry Report















Transatlantic Reinsurance Co Revenue and Financial Data


   Living up to its name, Transatlantic Reinsurance Company provides reinsurance on both sides of the Atlantic, and, in fact, along the Pacific as well. The company offers both treaty (package) and facultative (case by case) reinsurance. Its major lines of business include property catastrophe, traditional property/casualty (including auto, umbrella, and workers' compensation), and specialty casualty (including medical malpractice, directors' and officers' liability, and accident coverage) reinsurance. Transatlantic Reinsurance and its subsidiaries, including Fair American and Trans Re Zurich, are the primary operating companies of Transatlantic Holdings, which is part of insurance firm Alleghany.
  







Financials Information for Transatlantic Reinsurance Co

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$324.757055 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    

Transatlantic Reinsurance Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















transatlantic reinsurance co
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Insurance
Sub-Industry: Reinsurance
Transatlantic Reinsurance Company provides reinsurance services. The Company offers property and casualty reinsurance. Transatlantic Reinsurance serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

1 Liberty Plaza
165 Broadway
New York, NY 10006
United States


Phone:
1-212-365-2200


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.transre.com





Board Members




Exec VP/Chief Risk Officer
Company


Julian Spence
Transatlantic Reinsurance Co








EXE VP/General Counsel
Company


Gary Schwartz
Transatlantic Holdings Inc








Exec VP/Chief Actuary
Company


Kenneth Apfel
Transatlantic Holdings Inc








President/CEO
Company


Michael Sapnar
Transatlantic Holdings Inc








Exec VP/Pres:North America
Company


Kenneth Brandt
Transatlantic Reinsurance Co








Board Members
Company








Richard Press
Transatlantic Holdings Inc






Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Michael Charles Sapnar "Mike"


President/CEO




Matthew D Mahoney


Chief Financial Officer




George Di Martino


Chief Information Officer




Gregory Richardson


Chief Risk Officer




James Whitelaw


Chief Marketing Officer




Beth Levene


Chief Claims Officer




Paul A Bonny


Pres:Europe & Asia Pacific




Javier E Vijil


Pres:Latin America




Julian Spence


Exec VP/Chief Risk Officer




Kenneth Brandt


Exec VP/Pres:North America




Kenneth Apfel


Exec VP/Chief Actuary




Gary A Schwartz


EXE VP/General Counsel




Nick Tzaneteas


Exec Vice President




Paul F McKeon


Exec VP:North America




Cameron Macdonald


Senior VP/Chief Agent




Donna N Byron


Senior Vice President




Victor Torres


Senior Vice President




Paul McKeon


Senior Vice President




Socrates Pichardo


Senior Vice President




Craig W Hupper


Senior Vice President




Edward Kelley


VP/Assistant General Counsel




Carol Correia


Vice President




William G Naftel


Vice President




Leonardo A Rosa


Vice President




Paul Hogan


Vice President




John Romano


Vice President




Cathryn Thom


Vice President




Tanya Korobeinikova


Vice President




Carlos Davis


Vice President




James Gruber


Vice President




Damon Louie


Vice President




Craig Pollitte


Vice President




Matthew Brown


Vice President




Jeff Gaydon


Vice President




Stephan Vieira


Vice President




Raymond Davidson


VP:Treaty Underwriting




Geoffrey N Peach


Exec VP




John Karleskint


Secretary



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































TransRe | We Value Risk



















































Skip to content





TransRe | We Value Risk





Search box



Search






















front-page-grid




What we do 

What we do
We are a leading international reinsurance organization headquartered in New York with operations worldwide.  We offer reinsurance capacity on both a treaty and facultative basis.
We built our business on the principles of capacity, reliability, expertise and creativity to deliver the risk transfer solutions you need to support your business. We work closely with you, listening and asking to understand your strategic objectives, and offering you the full spectrum of property and casualty products, services and support to help you grow and succeed.  We have dedicated teams of local professionals near you and we build relationships based on the fundamental promise that we will be here when you need us. We have the ability and willingness to pay your claims.  We value risk.






We can help 

We can help
Every relationship starts with a conversation. You tell us about your general business goals and your specific risk transfer needs, and we can then offer advice backed by capital. Start that relationship today.
Contact Our Underwriters











 
























