    Kimberly Trapp | Gigpeak, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 





Kimberly D Trapp - Emmaus, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kimberly D Trapp in Emmaus, PA


Kimberly D Trapp

                                                                                       Intelius found that Kimberly D Trapp  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Emmaus, PA.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Kimberly D Trapp is in her 50s

Kimberly Has Lived In

Emmaus, PA
Nanuet, NY
Bethlehem, PA

Kimberly's Relatives

James Trapp
Ashley Trapp







Kimberly D Trapp



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kimberly? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kimberly, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kimberly D Trapp
Get a Criminal Check on Kimberly D Trapp
Get a Public Record Report on Kimberly D Trapp
Get a People Search Report on Kimberly D Trapp


Kimberly D Trapp's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kimberly D Trapp has lived as well as Kimberly D Trapp's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kimberly D Trapp Has Lived in 2 States
Pennsylvania Address for Kimberly D Trapp


4729 C********* D* 

Emmaus, PA


Has Lived In

Emmaus, PA
Nanuet, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kimberly D Trapp

(610) ***-**** - Emmaus, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kimberly D Trapp



Get Email Report




Kimberly D Trapp's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Kimberly D Trapp's academic history.  Find out which schools Kimberly D Trapp attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Kimberly D Trapp received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kimberly D Trapp Has Attended 1 School
Parkland High School 1973 – 1976                              


Kimberly D Trapp's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kimberly D Trapp


Kimberly D Trapp's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kimberly D Trapp's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kimberly Trapp
Username Matches

                  KimberlyTrapp
                  TrappKimberly
                  Kimberly.Trapp
                  Trapp.Kimberly
                  Kimberly_Trapp
                  Trapp_Kimberly
                  Kimberly-Trapp
                  Trapp-Kimberly
                  KTrapp
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Trapp







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 



Kimberly D.C. Trapp, Optoelectronics Industry Expert, Joins Lumera Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Kimberly D.C. Trapp, Optoelectronics Industry Expert, Joins Lumera 
      Board of Directors






November 01, 2006 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



BOTHELL, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Lumera Corporation (NASDAQ:LMRA), a leader in the emerging field of 
      nanotechnology, announced today that Kimberly D.C. Trapp has joined its 
      Board of Directors.
    


      Since 2003, Ms. Trapp has been Industry Liaison Officer of Lehigh 
      University’s Center of Optical Technologies, a 
      multi-institutional initiative with a charter to advance research and 
      applications of optical and optoelectronic technologies that drive 
      growth and diversity in the industry.
    

      Ms. Trapp has 23 years of optoelectronics industry experience. Before 
      joining Lehigh University in 2003, she served as the Marketing 
      Operations Director at Agere Systems. Her previous experience at AT&T 
      Bell Labs included responsibility for the technology development and 
      product management of the 10 Gb/s lithium niobate modulator product 
      portfolio. In 1998, she assumed profit and loss responsibility for 
      Lucent Technologies’ optoelectronics 
      telecommunications product portfolio.
    

“I am personally delighted to welcome Kim to 
      our Board. During the twenty years that I’ve 
      known her, she has always demonstrated a keen understanding of the 
      electro-optics industry and I look forward to her suggestions and 
      contributions to our EO business unit,” said 
      Tom Mino, Lumera’s Chief Executive Officer.
    

      Ms. Trapp received her Bachelor of Science degree from Purdue University 
      in Chemistry in 1980 and her Master’s Degree 
      in Inorganic Chemistry from Fairleigh Dickinson University in 1984. In 
      1993, she completed an AT&T sponsored MBA program. Ms. Trapp has 
      authored more than 30 technical papers and journal publications as well 
      as 20 conference presentations and is a frequent speaker on optics 
      research and optoelectronic technologies and products.
    

About Lumera


      Lumera is a leader in the emerging field of nanotechnology. The company 
      designs proprietary molecular structures and polymer compounds for the 
      bioscience and communications/computing industries, both of which 
      represent large market opportunities. The company also has developed 
      proprietary processes for fabricating such devices. For more 
      information, please visit www.lumera.com.
    

      Certain statements contained in this release are forward-looking 
      statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors 
      that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
      projected in the company's forward-looking statements include the 
      following: market acceptance of our technologies and products; our 
      ability to obtain financing; our financial and technical resources 
      relative to those of our competitors; our ability to keep up with rapid 
      technological change; government regulation of our technologies; our 
      ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our 
      proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain additional contract 
      awards and to develop partnership opportunities; the timing of 
      commercial product launches; the ability to achieve key technical 
      milestones in key products; and other risk factors identified from time 
      to time in the company's SEC reports, including its Annual Report on 
      Form 10-K, and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
    


Contacts

      The Summit Group CommunicationsTodd Wolfenbarger, 801-595-1155Cell: 
      801-244-9600
    















Contacts

      The Summit Group CommunicationsTodd Wolfenbarger, 801-595-1155Cell: 
      801-244-9600
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















Kimberly D. Trapp - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kimberly D. Trapp
Board Member at GigPeak, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Kimberly D. Trapp? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kimberly D. Trapp's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kimberly D. Trapp's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kimberly D. Trapp's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kimberly D. Trapp through your network of contacts.
												








Kimberly D. Trapp's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
GigPeak, Inc.


Past
To view Kimberly D. Trapp's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Purdue University


Age
58

 
 


Kimberly D. Trapp's Biography



Kimberly D.C. Trapp has served on the GigPeak Board of Directors since December 2008, and has more than 30 years of experience in the optoelectronics industry. She served as the Industry Liaison Officer for the Center of Optical Technologies at Lehigh University until her retirement in 2010. Before joining Lehigh University, she served as the Director of Marketing Operations of Agere Systems until 2002 and was responsible for business operations, customer marketing, technical product support, product engineering, and program management of Agere's optoelectronic business and product portfolio. From 1980 until 1995, she served in the developmen ...
(Read More)

			Kimberly D.C. Trapp has served on the GigPeak Board of Directors since December 2008, and has more than 30 years of experience in the optoelectronics industry. She served as the Industry Liaison Officer for the Center of Optical Technologies at Lehigh University until her retirement in 2010. Before joining Lehigh University, she served as the Director of Marketing Operations of Agere Systems until 2002 and was responsible for business operations, customer marketing, technical product support, product engineering, and program management of Agere's optoelectronic business and product portfolio. From 1980 until 1995, she served in the development and research organizations of AT&T Bell Laboratories and Lucent Technologies. Ms. Trapp has a BS in Chemistry from Purdue University and an MS in Inorganic Chemistry from Fairleigh Dickinson University. She also has an MBA from an AT&T sponsored executive program.  From her industry and academic experience of more than 30 years, Ms. Trapp brings a tremendous amount of technical expertise, especially in the area of optical and electro-optic technologies, that we believe makes her uniquely qualified to sit on our Board of Directors.
		
Source: GigPeak, Inc. on 10/04/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kimberly D. Trapp's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kimberly D. Trapp. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kimberly D. Trapp's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kimberly D. Trapp's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kimberly D. Trapp through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kimberly D. Trapp


















Kimberly D. Trapp's Connections (30)





Sign up now to view Kimberly D. Trapp's 30 connections »









Sanjiv Sam Gambhir
Former Board Member, Lumera Corporation









Robert A. Ratliffe
Former Board Member, Lumera Corporation









Frank W. Schneider
Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.









Donald Guthrie
Former Board Member, NII Holdings, Inc.









Richard F. Rutkowski
Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Clearsign Combustion Corp.









David T. Mitchell
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Fabrinet









Ronald K. Shelton
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Adesto Technologies Corp









Douglas Swenson
Former Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.









John J. Mikulsky
Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.









Stephen C. Johnson
Former Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Kimberly D.C. Trapp, Board Member, Gigoptix


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Kimberly D.C. Trapp



Director
at
Gigoptix


Location: Allentown, Pennsylvania Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Kimberly D.C. Trapp



Director
at
Gigoptix


Location: Allentown, Pennsylvania Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Kimberly D.C. Trapp has more than 30 years of experience in the optoelectronics industry. She served as the Industry Liaison Officer for the Center of Optical Technologies at Lehigh University until her retirement in 2010. Before joining Lehigh University, she served as the Director of Marketing Operations of Agere Systems until 2002 and was responsible for business operations, customer marketing, technical product support, product engineering, and program management of Ageres optoelectronic business and product portfolio. From 1980 until 1995, she served in the development and research organizations of AT&T Bell Laboratories and Lucent Technologies. Ms Trapp has a BS in Chemistry from Purdue University and an MS in Inorganic Chemistry from Fairleigh Dickinson University. She also has MBA from an AT&T sponsored executive program.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Telecommunications




Tags
Optics, Program Management, Telecommunications




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Kimberly D.C. TrappCareer (5)






2007




Gigoptix



Board Member







2003 to 2010




Lehigh University



Industry Liaison Officer







2000 to 2003




Agere Systems



Director, Marketing Operations







1994 to 2000




Lucent Technologies



Senior Manager, Technical Manager







1980 to 1994




Bell Laboratories



MTS, STA








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Kimberly D.C. TrappEducation (2)






1984



Fairleigh Dickinson University-Florham Campus


Inorganic Chemistry






1980



Purdue University


Chemistry









 Edit



Kimberly D.C. TrappAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Kimberly D.C. Trapp






 Edit



Kimberly D.C. TrappLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Kimberly D.C. Trapp









Kimberly D.C. TrappInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Kimberly D.C. Trapp









Kimberly D.C. TrappInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Kimberly D.C. Trapp








Kimberly D.C. TrappRelated People








Colleagues at Gigoptix







Yoshi Koizumi

Director
Mar-2015









Raluca Dinu

Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing
Aug-2014









Darren Ma

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
2014









Emad Afifi

Senior Director of CMOS Engineering
2014








View all 
Peers (2)







Sunil Nayyar

Head consumer electronics in US of Sony









Susan Lynne Wagner

Director of Apple












View all 



Kimberly D.C. TrappRecommended Market Profiles








Consumer Electronics

10,000 or More employees
25 companies


















