










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














ExSight Capital - Home




























 
ExSight Capital









 
ExSight Capital






				Home
			



				Team
			



				Founding Story
			



				Impact Investing
			



				Contact
			






				Home
			



				Team
			



				Founding Story
			



				Impact Investing
			



				Contact
			





































exsight capital is a venture capital firm specializing in early-stage impact investments in innovative ophthalmic diagnostic and treatment solutions.  The firm consists of 2 accomplished retinal surgeons and a team of investment professionals that have partnered to address the need for funding early stage ophthalmic focused companies.  The firm seeks investments in biotechnology, medical devices, pharmaceuticals and software solutions in ophthalmology. 



News



ExSight Invests in Trefoil Therapeutics
ExSight participated in an investment in Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc., an early stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing a regenerative approach to corneal endothelial dystrophies and other diseases. The $5.2 million round was led by Hatteras Venture Partners with additional participation from other notable investors.ExSight’s dedication to improving visual outcomes is evident in Trefoil’s commitment to patients with an unmet medical need. Patients with corneal endothelial deficiencies including bullous keratopathy and Fuchs’ dystrophy experience pain and loss of vision. The current treatment paradigm requires a risky and invasive corneal transplant that is prone to failure. Trefoil’s TTHX1114, a novel engineered derivative of fibroblast growth factor-1 (eFGF-1) regenerates corneal endothelial cells enabling them to resume regular formation thereby restoring visual acuity. Delivered by intracameral injection the procedure presents significantly less risk than transplant. Trefoil’s innovations promise to improve patients’ lives with a more efficacious treatment and significantly lower risk minimally invasive procedure. Read here for the company's announcement.  





ExSight Invests in Vision Restoration
 
Allergan Acquires Gene Therapy Company RetroSense Therapeutics
 














RetroSense Therapeutics Raises $6 million in an Over-Subscribed Series B Financing to Advance Clinical Development of Lead Product RST-001 for Retinitis PigmentosaPatient recruitment underway for Phase I/II clinical studyNovember 12, 2015ANN ARBOR, Mich.--RetroSense Therapeutics,  a privately-held, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, today announced that it has secured $6 million in a Series B financing to further investigate the use of gene therapy and optogenetics to restore vision. The investment syndicate includes existing investors, including BlueWater Angels, and new investors RBV Capital, ExSight Capital, and Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.See  (BUSINESS WIRE) for more.
 






Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), a leading global pharmaceutical company, and RetroSense Therapeutics LLC,  a private, clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on novel gene therapy approaches to restore vision in patients suffering from blindness, today announced that Allergan has acquired substantially all of the assets of RetroSense in an all-cash transaction. Under the terms of the transaction, Allergan has paid RetroSense a $60 million upfront payment, and has agreed to potential regulatory and commercialization milestone payments related to its lead development program, RST-001, a novel gene therapy for the potential treatment of Retinitis Pigmentosa (RP).Read here for the full press release and here for Allergan's presentation.  
 











 ©Exsight Capital Management LLC                    Privacy Policy                    Terms and Conditions          Disclaimer       


















✕











About — Loop Therapeutics




















































AN OPHTHALMIC PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY Loop Therapeutics is currently undergoing pre-clinical work towards the development of different products that will treat diseases in the front and the back of the eye.Loop Therapeutics has licensed the development of one of its candidates for ENT applications to Spiral Therapeutics, a hearing loss pharmaceutical company.Loop Therapeutics is looking for partnerships to continue to develop its candidates for indications in other therapeutic areas.If you are interested in a potential collaboration, do not hesitate to contact us. 






Contact us →
















Loop Therapeutics
































































AN OPHTHALMIC PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY



 Spun out in 2014 from the Spanish pharmaceutical company Salvat, Loop Therapeutics is a pharmaceutical company focused on developing first-in-class products for the prevention of apoptosis. 












Contact us →




















 







Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc.



Overview
Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Investors



Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2013




Headquarters


4868 Almondwood Way, San Diego, CA 92130




Industries


Pharmaceuticals

Holding Companies




Company Description


Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc. operates as development stage company which focuses on the application of novel engineered FGF-1 compounds. The firm develops applications for the eFGFs include regenerative therapies that may address a broad range of ischemic disease, including coronary heart disease, diabetic ulcers, and peripheral artery disease. The company was founded by Ralph Bradshaw, Ken Thomas and Michael Blaber in 2013 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.




Website


http://www.trefoiltherapeutics.com





 Executives & Employees



Michael Blaber

Co-Founder




David Eveleth

Chief Executive Officer





Ralph A. Bradshaw

Chief Scientific Officer & Director






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Christy L. Shaffer

General Partner at Hatteras Venture Partners




Benjamin F. McGraw III

Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at TheraVida, Inc.





David Eveleth

Chief Executive Officer at Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc.




Derek Yoon

Partner at Aju IB Investment US





Ralph A. Bradshaw

Chief Scientific Officer & Director at Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc.



                        Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    





 Investors



 Details Hidden


Michael Blaber

                                    Co-Founder at Trefoil Therapeutics, Inc.                                




 Details Hidden


Exsight Capital Management LLC

                                    Exsight Capital Management LLC is a private company headquartered in Dover, DE, that acts as an alternative investment manager.                                




 Details Hidden


Correlation Management LLC

                                    Correlation Management manages a quantitatively-based venture capital fund that employs a proprietary algorithm to passively invest in venture capital deals led by other venture capital firms.                                




 Details Hidden


Aju IB Investment Co., Ltd.

                                    Aju IB is a long-term investor focused on high technology Korean companies with significant growth potential.Aju IB's investment criteria include management's capability, ethics and transparency, potential market leadership or ability to control the market, technological barriers to entry, significant market size, profitability and maturity. They also take into consideration portfolio diversification.                                






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















Trefoil Therapeutics









































Trefoil Therapeutics







































Eyewire Today | Trefoil Therapeutics Development Program with Florida State University to Focus on the Treatment of Corneal Dystrophies













































Home
EyewireTV
News
Events
Login












Username:

Password:



























Home
EyewireTV
News
Events


















Trefoil Therapeutics Development Program with Florida State University to Focus on the Treatment of Corneal Dystrophies
Source: Trefoil Therapeutics
Tuesday, March 24, 2015 | 
						Partnerships








Trefoil Therapeutics announced the signing of a license and research agreement with Florida State University for the development of engineered FGF-1 derivatives (eFGF-1s), according to a company news release. This agreement gives Trefoil an exclusive license to the eFGF-1 patent estate for therapeutic and cosmetic uses. This collaboration will advance the existing eFGF-1 technology developed by Dr. Michael Blaber, professor at FSU and a co-founder of Trefoil.
The eFGF-1 platform represents an innovative approach to the improvement of pharmacokinetic properties of fibroblast growth factors as drugs, yielding novel FGF-1s. These eFGF-1s have demonstrated superior pharmacodynamic and pharmaceutical properties compared to the naturally occurring FGF-1s in animal models of tissue healing. A lead compound for development for corneal regeneration has been selected (TTHX-1014) and Trefoil is moving this compound towards an IND application. Corneal regeneration has been shown in in vitro rabbit models.
Brent Edington, Head of the Office of Commercialization at FSU, noted that “This collaboration for the development of novel therapeutics demonstrates the strength of FSU’s research programs and the focus of scientists at FSU on research relevant to human benefit”.
“Trefoil is delighted to be able to partner with the powerful research capabilities of FSU and the Blaber laboratory for the further development of the eFGF-1 technology” said Dr. David Eveleth, PhD, CEO of Trefoil.
The first therapeutic application focuses on eliminating the most common driver of corneal transplantation, Fuchs corneal dystrophy, which can lead to severe visual loss for which there is currently no approved pharmaceutical therapy.  
“Corneal dystrophies are a category of serious, sight threatening conditions that have limited treatment options today; aside from surgical intervention” William Trattler, MD, Director of the Center for Excellence in Eye Care, Miami, said in the news release. “There is a significant need for therapeutic agents that can treat or slow the progression of this category of diseases and this innovative new class of drug may significantly expand our treatment options.”
The broad family of patents covering eFGF-1s was also bolstered recently by the issuance of US patent 8,962,557, which describes additional fibroblast growth factor mutants with improved functional half-life and use methods.  Further, over the last 12 months, several other patents have been filed covering new aspects of eFGF-1 technology and strengthening the intellectual property protection for these novel therapeutics.
Trefoil also announced the addition of two new members of its team. Schalon Newton, DM, has been appointed Chief Business Officer and will be responsible for business development, partnering and strategy. Mr. Schalon was the head of business development at Santen and spent more than 20 years at Allergan, including leading Allergan’s Japanese subsidiary. 
William Stewart, MD, will serve as a development consultant to Trefoil, leading the development of the clinical strategy and the initial clinical trial.  Dr. Stewart is an ophthalmologist and founder of PRN, a leading clinical ophthalmic contract research organization, and PharmaFarm which assists startups with unique innovative technology, such as Trefoil, with their development process.

Comments
You must be logged in to leave a comment.












Upcoming Events




					7/29/2017: 2017 Advanced Refractive Congress




					8/10/2017: OIS@ASRS





Featured Stories


Thursday, July 27, 2017 |
					
					FDA Approval/Clearance,
					Product Releases,
					Quantel Medical
Quantel Medical Receives FDA Approval for Easyret Photocoagulator Laser

Quantel Medical announced that it has received approval from the FDA for the Easyret fully integrated 577nm yellow photocoagulator, which is used to t…
Read the full story




Wednesday, July 26, 2017 |
					
					Clinical Trials,
					Earnings & Financials,
					AMD,
					Ophthotech
Ophthotech Expands Focus with Development for Ophthalmic Orphan Diseases
Ophthotech announced that the company is pursuing a strategy to leverage its clinical experience and retina expertise to identify and develop therapie…
Read the full story




Monday, July 24, 2017 |
					
					Product Releases
Cenegermin Eye Drops For the Treatment of Neurotrophic Keratitis Receive European Union Approval
Dompe announced that the European Commission has granted the marketing authorization of cenegermin eye drops for the treatment of moderate to severe n…
Read the full story




Friday, July 21, 2017 |
					
					Dry Eye,
					Medical Studies
TFOS DEWS II Report Published; Dry Eye Disease Redefined 

The long-awaited Tear Film & Ocular Surface Society (TFOS) Dry Eye Workshop II (DEWS II) report was published on July 21, 2017, updating the defin…
Read the full story




Tuesday, July 18, 2017 |
					
					Earnings & Financials,
					Alcon
Latest Novartis Earnings Show Signs of a Rebound at Alcon

As part of its second quarter earnings, Novartis reported that sales at its Alcon unit accelerated in the second quarter. Novartis Chief Executive Joe…
Read the full story



















News
Company News
Product News
Research
Meetings
 
Events
EyewireTV
Login




Acquisitions
Blindness
Clinical Trials
Conferences/Meetings
Lawsuits
Earnings & Financials
FDA Approval/Clearance
Glaucoma
Health Care




International Approvals
Management/Leadership
Medical Studies
Miscellaneous
Optometry
Partnerships
Practice Development
Product Releases
Retina




Contact
Advertising
About
Send a tip or event
 



© 2017 Bryn Mawr Communications, LLC.All Rights Reserved











