

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	TREVIA Trademark of TREVIA DIGITAL HEALTH LLC. Serial Number: 86399693 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
TREVIA










 
Get FREE email alerts













TREVIA  Trademark Information
 TREVIA DIGITAL HEALTH LLC
Cloud computing featuring software for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs; software as a service (SAAS) services, namely, hosting software for use by others for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, govern...




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
cloud   computing   featuring   software   use   health   care   providers      payors      retailers      government   organizations   patients   securely   access   exchange   health   care   information      improve   delivery   treatment    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TREVIA trademark by TREVIA DIGITAL HEALTH LLC 
                                in OVERLAND PARK, KS, 66210.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TREVIA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner TREVIA DIGITAL HEALTH LLC of the TREVIA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TREVIA trademark.
                           






On Friday, September 19, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TREVIA by 
                        TREVIA DIGITAL HEALTH LLC, OVERLAND PARK, KS  66210.
                        The USPTO has given the TREVIA 
                        trademark serial  number of  86399693.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for TREVIA is 
                        
                        
                                            AMY BROZENIC of 
                                            LATHROP & GAGE LLP,  10851 MASTIN ST BLDG 82, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66210-1769 
                                .
                            The TREVIA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TREVIA 
                            is Cloud computing featuring software for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs; software as a service (SAAS) services, namely, hosting software for use by others for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs through cloud computing; software as a service (SAAS) services featuring software for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs through cloud computing; platform as a service (PAAS) featuring computer software platforms for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs through cloud computing. 
                            





Word mark:
 TREVIA


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

6/28/2016



  Serial Number:  
86399693


  Filing Date:  
9/19/2014


 Registration Number:  
4989313 


 Registration Date:  
6/28/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Cloud computing featuring software for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs; software as a service (SAAS) services, namely, hosting software for use by others for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs through cloud computing; software as a service (SAAS) services featuring software for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs through cloud computing; platform as a service (PAAS) featuring computer software platforms for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs through cloud computing


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/25/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

TREVIA DIGITAL HEALTH LLCOVERLAND PARK, KS  66210
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


AMY BROZENIC
LATHROP & GAGE LLP
10851 MASTIN ST BLDG 82
OVERLAND PARK, KS 66210-1769






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
8/26/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
8/26/2014





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TREVIA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/28/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



AMY BROZENIC


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TREVIA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search trevia on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TREVIA 




TREVIA is providing Cloud computing featuring software for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access and exchange health care information, improve the delivery of treatment for chronic diseases, enable improvements in patient care, and manage health care costs; software as a service (SAAS) services, namely, hosting software for use by others for use by health care providers, payors, retailers, government organizations and patients to securely access....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.



TreVia Digital Health and Prosenex Release New Technology and A New Standard of Care for Diabetic Foot Care and Neuropathy Screening 






























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




TreVia Digital Health and Prosenex Release New Technology and A New Standard of Care for Diabetic Foot Care and Neuropathy Screening



Share Article

















TreVia’s diabetes SmartCare™ experience will be the first diabetes platform solution with clinical workflow that integrates peripheral neuropathy screening using the Prosenex device to deliver objective measurements for early and better detection of neuropathy to prevent limb loss, reduce health care costs and sustain a higher quality of life for pre diabetics and diabetics.







“Through our partnership with Trevia, the innovative and new neuropathy screening solution from Prosenex provides temperature and vibratory testing for peripheral neuropathy assessments,”  Dr. Boris Golosarsky, Chief Medical Officer for Prosenex said.


OVERLAND PARK, KS (PRWEB)
November 16, 2015
 TreVia Digital Health LLC (TreVia), innovators in cutting-edge technology-enabled services and solutions for the diabetes care industry, and Prosenex, a pioneering device company that specializes in medical objective screening for peripheral neuropathy, announced today an exclusive strategic partnership in which TreVia will integrate the Prosenex Dynamic Neuroscreening Device (DND) to create a new standard of care for screening of neuropathy and loss of protective sensation (LOPS).
“The scale of the diabetes chronic disease epidemic in this country is staggering. It demands innovative, scalable models for early detection using objective data to proactively and objectively baseline and chronicle progression," Maureen Peszko, Trevia’s President stated. "This is about preventing limb loss and helping millions of Americans maintain a quality lifestyle – especially for those at risk for diabetic complications. A recent study in the Journal of the American Medical Association demonstrated that chronic disease accounts for 84 percent of U.S. health care costs; making accessibility of this innovative and simple diagnostics tool not only a clinical imperative, but an economic one.  TreVia enables neuropathy screening using the portable Prosenex device and delivering lifetime progression evaluation data for patients where and when they need it most. Studies suggest that by performing neuropathy evaluations during each physician or home care visit, providers are uniquely equipped to promote lifestyle changes, deliver preventative care and affect clinical symptoms sooner – ultimately preserving a better quality of life, avoiding limb loss and creating improved health care economics.”
“Through our partnership with Trevia, the innovative and new neuropathy screening solution from Prosenex provides temperature and vibratory testing for peripheral neuropathy assessments,”  Dr. Boris Golosarsky, Chief Medical Officer for Prosenex said. “Through Trevia’s SmartCare experience, the results are captured and stored for immediate evaluation, as well as for longitudinal evaluation and progression measures within the EHR,” stated Golosarsky.
The Prosenex DND provides demonstrable, objective documentation to support the new American Diabetes Association standard of care, which suggests a foot screening at every appointment to measure progression and identify neurological issues to avoid limb loss.
The ability to objectively determine and record patients’ abilities to discern temperature and vibration will provide physicians with objective data that can be more effectively scrutinized. According to Golosarsky, objectivity will allow physicians to achieve a more thorough understanding of the stage of any given patient’s neuropathy, thereby allowing them to provide the most effective and timely treatment for improved patient outcomes. The DND was conceived by a physician out of necessity of daily medical practice, when devastating clinical presentation of neuropathy, especially painless, is often missed.  Further, the conversion to electronic patient record keeping will make it easier to compare patients at different stages of their disease as well as from one patient to another.
The CDC estimates that 86 million American adults are currently living with prediabetes – an 8 percent increase in the past decade – while describing chronic disease as “the public health challenge of our generation.” In 2012, type 2 diabetes cost the United States over $245 billion in medical costs and lost productivity. TreVia is the first to partner on a digital neuropathy program to add more preventative care and data as part of a diabetes prevention program to combat this growing epidemic. 
“TreVia is excited about the partnership with Prosenex as it provides a disruptive technological leap in neuropathy management and diabetes care that is uniquely integrated with the TreVia software platform to deliver enhanced services, improved quality and elevated standard of peripheral neuropathy care,” added Peszko.  “It is our mission to provide better patient outcomes by advancing a new level of digital collaboration that enables us to detect issues early, reduce potential limb loss, and lower healthcare costs overall.”
About TreVia Digital Health
TreVia Digital Health provides an innovative, holistic and conveniently accessible diabetes care experience that uses technology-enabled services, including digital diabetes screenings using telemedicine, for the prevention of chronic and polychronic diabetic complications. TreVia measurably impacts diabetes outcomes by identifying issues early, using technology to connect the best specialists for virtual evaluation and treatment while preventing complications, resulting in an improved patient experience and overall lower health care costs.
Today, TreVia provides diabetes screening, including retinopathy and peripheral neuropathy, glucose monitoring and mapping, and affective computing for patient engagement including interval learning, behavior evaluation and lifestyle coaching for those affected by diabetes and pre-diabetes conditions.  For more information about Trevia Digital Health, LLC., please visit http://www.treviadigitalhealth.com.
About Prosenex
Prosenex specializes in medical objective screening for peripheral neuropathy across multiple medical specialties. The company’s current portfolio of medical products and product designs is focused on addressing the unmet market needs of primary care physicians, podiatrists, neurologists, endocrinologists and occupational therapists in the screening of patients for peripheral neuropathy due to diabetes and other causes.
*****
Media Contacts:
For TreVia Digital Health
Matt Dobski
(617) 571-7283
Matt.Dobski(at)TreviaDigitalHealth.com
For Prosenex
Michael Brown
(603)546-0457
mbrown(at)prosenex.com



Share article on social media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Maureen Peszko
TreVia Digital Health+1 (412) 721-9555
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center













 







David Hulshof - Co-Founder at TreVia Digital Health LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





David Hulshof
Co-Founder at TreVia Digital Health LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Transactions 


David Hulshof
Co-Founder at TreVia Digital Health LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


Physician Referral Network LLC

Leawood Capital LLC

TreVia Digital Health LLC




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 10 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Vincent D. Rinaldi

Chief Executive Officer & Director at Physician Referral Network LLC




James M. Gould

Founder at The Walnut Group





David Dyer

Co-Founder at TreVia Digital Health LLC




David Dyer

Promoter at Physician Referral Network LLC





Robert Stenger

Director at TreVia Digital Health LLC




Tim Einwechter

Chief Financial Officer at Innovative Health LLC





James Higgins

Co-Founder at TreVia Digital Health LLC




Brendan Fallis

Managing Director at Leawood Capital LLC





Maureen D. Peszko

Executive Officer at TreVia Digital Health LLC




Scott Ford

Chief Executive Officer at Smarthome Ventures LLC






 Paths to David Hulshof



            David Hulshof          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 David Hulshof






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with David Hulshof.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Rockhurst University

                  Rockhurst University

Who we are
Founded by the Jesuits in 1910, Rockhurst is a comprehensive university that offers more than 50 undergraduate and graduate programs taught by nationally recognized faculty. Rockhurst emphasizes learning, leadership and service.

Mission
Rockhurst University exists to transform lives by creating a learning community centered on excellence in undergraduate liberal education and graduate education. Rockhurst is Catholic and Jesuit, involved in the life and growth of the city and the region, and committed to the service of the contemporary world.

Academics 
The Jesuit tradition of focus on individual dignity runs through the curriculum, which is based on the seven classical modes of inquiry: artistic, historical, literary, philosophical, theological, scientific relational and scientific causal.

Accolades
Rockhurst University has been ranked among the top master's universities in the Midwest by U.S. News & World Report. It also has been ranked among the nation's top 30 wireless college campuses by Intel.

Rockhurst is the only institution in the Kansas City area to have earned the community engagement classification from the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching.

Faculty 
A 12:1 student-faculty ratio fosters rich campus discussions and wide opportunities for student research. Average class size is 24 students.

Professors, as opposed to graduate teaching assistants, teach freshman courses. Ninety-two percent of full-time faculty hold the highest degree in their field.

View our Student/Faculty Videos for more information.

Commitment to Service
Students receive two transcripts when they graduate–one for academic work and another for their service activities. Each year, Rockhurst’s Center for Service Learning matches student volunteers with more than 100 local organizations in need. Rockhurst students give more than 30,000 hours annually in service to others.

Distinction
In 2003, the prestigious Carnegie Foundation named Rockhurst as one of 12 national leadership sites for the scholarship of teaching and learning. In 2006, Rockhurst was selected as one of 12 colleges and universities nationwide to lead an effort to improve teaching in higher education. And most recently, in 2010, the foundation recognized the University for the strength of its community outreach efforts by awarding Rockhurst its community engagement classification. Rockhurst is the only institution in the Kansas City area to have earned this high honor.

Alumni 
While more than half of Rockhurst's 25,000 alumni live in the Kansas City metropolitan area, every state in the U.S. and many foreign countries are influenced by the Rockhurst alumni who live there. Rockhurst graduates serve as executive leaders for major companies and organizations in Kansas City and throughout the country                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    Current                


TreVia Digital Health LLC






Chief Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Leawood Capital LLC


                  Leawood Capital LLC is an American private company located in Leawood, KS, with domestic subsidiaries, that acts as an alternative investment manager. David Hulshof is currently the CEO of the firm.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Current                


Physician Referral Network LLC






Managing Director

                                    Current                


Leawood Ventures LLC


                  Leawood Ventures LLC, a subsidiary of Leawood Capital LLC, is an American company located in Leawood, KS. The firm acts as an alternative investment manager.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Vice Chairman

                    Current                  


Physician Referral Network LLC






Director

                    Current                  


TreVia Digital Health LLC







 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  TreVia Digital Health LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  TreVia Digital Health LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Physician Referral Network LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              David Hulshof is affiliated with
                            TreVia Digital Health LLC, Leawood Capital LLC, Physician Referral Network LLC, Leawood Ventures LLC, Physician Referral Network LLC, TreVia Digital Health LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














TreVia Digital Health and D-EYE partner to enable telemedicine, cloud storage and analytics for D-EYE's global vision care custome



















































































Advertise
Login
Registration







Network Sites:
The TeleMedicine Directory
The TeleMedicine Report
 








Follow us:

Twitter Facebook RSS Google+ Vimeo Tumblr Pinterest 



Search



























SUBSCRIBE FREE



























HomeAll NewsTeleMedicine NewsTreVia Digital Health and D-EYE partner to...
TreVia Digital Health and D-EYE partner to enable telemedicine, cloud storage and analytics for D-EYE’s global vision care custome




TeleMedicine News 0
729









Tweet





















mhealthnews – July 02, 2015 – TreVia Digital Health (TreVia), innovators in cutting-edge technology solutions for the diabetes care industry, and D-EYE Srl, a pioneering developer of advanced devices for mass health screenings and data collection, announced today its global vision care, a strategic partnership in which D-EYE will use TreVia’s industry-best cloud-based data management platform and technology to power the D-EYE ImageVault™.
The secure TreVia platform, originally created to treat and manage diabetes using telemedicine and other care management software technology, will host and manage the D-EYE ImageVault for storing, analyzing and sharing images captured by the D-EYE portable retinal imaging system. This collaboration will leverage TreVia’s HIPAA-compliant cloud service to enable account set-up, workflow management, sharing and archiving D-EYE videos, still images and corresponding data for instant access by ophthalmologists, optometrists, general practitioners and other medical specialists, facilitating wide-spread eye screening from anywhere.
The first truly portable ophthalmoscope capable of recording and transmitting images of the eye, the D-EYE attaches to a smartphone (currently Apple or Samsung), creating a retinal camera which can capture high-definition video and still images of the interior of the eye for health screening and evaluation. The lightweight and easy-to-use D-EYE device is ideal for screening and possible detection of a variety of eye disorders including diabetic retinopathy, glaucoma, macular degeneration, and many other eye conditions and abnormalities.
“With their innovative cloud platform and data analytics capabilities, TreVia Digital Health is creating new possibilities for telemedicine, remote health care delivery and collaboration across the health care delivery and medical community,” said D-EYE CEO Richard Sill. “Our global vision care customers require a secure cloud platform that meets medical standards for image storage and handling, as well as patient privacy, and the TreVia solution delivers. We are thrilled to partner with them to further expand the screening and diagnostic support benefits of the D-EYE portable retinal imaging system.”
D-EYE-generated images and videos will be stored in the TreVia-powered D-EYE ImageVault and accessible to providers where and when needed for analysis, comparison and diagnosis, allowing the entire care team to effectively engage in the patient’s health treatment plan. The telemedicine services that the partnership enables will prove particularly beneficial in rural locales, developing countries and other underserved areas, bringing critical eye screening services and access to retinal specialists to people in need in the most remote locations across the globe.
“TreVia is excited about the partnership with D-EYE as it provides a disruptive technological leap in telemedicine to provide retinal screening to healthcare consumers globally, including those in rural and impoverished regions where diabetes is prevalent,” added Maureen Peszko, President and COO at TreVia Digital Health. “It is our mission ultimately to provide better patient outcomes by advancing a new level of digital collaboration that enables us to detect issues early, preserve vision, reduce complex procedures and lower healthcare costs.”
The D-EYE ImageVault cloud service platform will be available to D-EYE users later this year.
About TreVia Digital Health
TreVia Digital Health provides an innovative, holistic and conveniently accessible diabetes care experience that uses technology-enabled services, including digital diabetes screenings using telemedicine, for the prevention of chronic and polychronic diabetic complications. TreVia measurably impacts diabetes outcomes by identifying issues early, using technology to connect the best specialists for virtual evaluation and treatment while preventing complications, resulting in an improved patient experience and overall lower health care costs.
Today, TreVia provides diabetes screening, including retinopathy and peripheral neuropathy, along with glucose monitoring and mapping, and affective computing for patient engagement including interval learning, behavior evaluation and lifestyle coaching for those affected by diabetes and pre-diabetes conditions. For more information about TreVia Digital Health, LLC., please visit www.treviadigitalhealth.com.
About D-EYE
Founded in 2014, with offices in Padova, Italy, Pasadena, CA, and Boston, MA, D-EYE Srl offers a “digital eye” into the state of the human body. The company designs and manufactures mobile sensing and examination devices, along with companion applications, that make possible mass health screenings and data collection to improve access to vital health examination services. D-EYE also develops and operates cloud-based Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) systems that enable telehealth applications, and aggregate and analyze health-screening data to provide insight into individual conditions as well as trends across patient populations.
The company’s first product, developed in part with a grant from the Fondazione Cottino and with support from the University of Brescia (Italy), the revolutionary D-EYE Portable Retinal Imaging System focuses on eye care; subsequent mobile-health products and services will target screening and evaluation of other medical conditions and pathologies. D-EYE was created by Si14 SpA, a visionary original design and development laboratory for novel technology products that enhance the way we live, work and play. For more information, please visit www.d-eyecare.com.
See TreVia Digital Health and D-EYE in The Telemedicine Directory


Recommend to friends








Tweet























                                    Recent news                                
 


 


HealthStream Acquires Morrisey Associates

August 8, 2016
0





 


World Medical Robotics and Computer - Assisted...

August 3, 2016
0


 


 


Eagle Telemedicine and NRHA Co-Sponsor Webinar...

August 2, 2016
0





 


Green Circle Health Announced Among Winners of...

July 25, 2016
0


 


Leave a comment Cancel reply 
Name
Email
Website
 

 







Telemedicine Conferences & Events



			There are no upcoming events.
		


					View Calendar
					



Featured White Paper 



Virtual Care Management, The Role of Telehealth in Building a Patient-Centric Environment




Telemedicine News





Latest Popular Most commented




August 8, 2016
HealthStream Acquires Morrisey Associates


August 3, 2016
World Medical Robotics and Computer - Assisted Surgery Market Is Expected to Reach $20.5 Billion by 2022


August 2, 2016
Eagle Telemedicine and NRHA Co-Sponsor Webinar on Telemedicine Night Coverage


July 25, 2016
Green Circle Health Announced Among Winners of ONC’s Consumer Health Data Aggregator Challenge


July 21, 2016
Radish Systems is Finalist in Florida Hospital InnovationX


June 29, 2016
Radish Joins inContact inCloud Ecosystem Partner Program to Enhance Cloud Contact Center Visual Communications


June 28, 2016
Industry Leader GlobalMed Establishes Base of Operations for Telemedicine Africa




April 22, 2015
8 Telemedicine Companies Making a Difference in 2015: ATA 2015 Vendor Previews


June 29, 2016
Radish Joins inContact inCloud Ecosystem Partner Program to Enhance Cloud Contact Center Visual Communications


February 6, 2016
Top Telemedicine Platforms You Might Not See


February 11, 2016
Medical Robotics Market Estimated to Reach $7.6 Billion by 2020 - IndustryARC Analysis


June 30, 2015
Hot!The Approaching Storm of HIPAA Violations and Data Vulnerability


September 22, 2014
Hot!VGo TeleMedicine Robot Will be on Dartmouth College Football Sidelines


September 24, 2014
Global Telemedicine Market Outlook to 2018




October 22, 2015
Teladoc Conducts 1 Millionth Telehealth Visit


July 27, 2015
Kalorama: Global Advanced Patient Monitoring Market Worth $31.4 Billion


April 22, 2015
8 Telemedicine Companies Making a Difference in 2015: ATA 2015 Vendor Previews


February 1, 2016
American Telemedicine Association Urges Telehealth Changes for Medicare Chronic Care


November 16, 2015
Virtual Reality Physiotherapy Home Service Launched


November 5, 2015
Georgia Partnership for Telehealth Awarded the HRSA Rural Child Poverty Telehealth Network Grant


November 16, 2015
An inside look at the latest telemedicine instruments in action with VSee & PTZOptics





Industry Partners   Over 1,000 companies listed

List your company FREE today
Telemedicine Industry Resources 
Telemedicine News 2015
Telemedicine Articles Library
Telemedicine Events Calendar
Telemedicine Companies Directory
Telemedicine Case Studies & White Papers
Telemedicine Market Reports & Research
Telemedicine Training & Education
Telemedicine Webinars & Videos
Telemedicine Organizations & Associations
Telemedicine Reimbursement & Coverage
Rural Telemedicine and Telehealth

Telemedicine Clinical Specialties 
TeleCardiology
TeleCare
TeleDentistry
TeleDermatology
TeleDiabetes
TeleDiagnostics
TeleEmergency
TeleGenetics
TeleGynecology
TeleHospice
TeleICU
TeleMammography
TeleNephrology
TeleNeurology
TeleNuclear
TeleNursing
TeleOncology
TeleOphthalmology
TelePathology
TelePediatrics
TelePharmacy
TelePsychiatry
TelePulmonary
TeleRadiology
TeleRehabilitation
TeleRheumatology
TeleStroke
TeleSurgery
TeleTriage
TeleUltrasound
TeleVeterinary



Telemedicine Videos







































































A Quarter Of Healthcare Providers Make Strides...


 
 









×

Authorization



Login



Password




Registration





Login


Remember me



Enter with social networking
Unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem.

With Twitter
Connect
With Google +












×

Registration




Name





Email





Password





Confirm Password





Autorization



Register
* All fields required



































































































Patient Engagement and Digital Health Platform for Healthcare Providers | DatStat










 








































































Support: (877) 932.7878DatStat Academy















Focus On Your Patients, Not Their Records.
Empowering patients to improve outcomes requires more than just an EHR, it requires digital health and patient engagement solutions that inform, engage, and connect them to their care team seamlessly, where ever, whenever.
 
LEARN MORE










Are you a healthcare marketer?
Click here to learn more about how DatStat can help you reach and keep consumers.











CLICK HERE if you are a healthcare marketer.




Let DatStat be your EHR’s Wingman











Increase Loyalty and Improve Outcomes
DatStat customers are increasing patient loyalty and improving their outcomes through ongoing measurement (Patient Reported Outcomes, health assessments, surveys, adherence check-ins, etc.), automated follow-up, digital interventions, and adherence monitoring solutions delivered on the DatStat platform.


 


Address your patients’ complex needs
Our digital health platform approach allows providers to deploy patient engagement campaigns, self-care management plans and digital interventions, handling multiple concurrent conditions on a single backend, using one or more patient facing app experiences, building a consolidated patient profile along the way.


 


Stay Connected and in the Loop
DatStat’s patient engagement solutions include tailored clinician portals that allow you and your team to quickly and easily manage patient activities, monitor patient activity results, visually trend data, and securely communicate with your patients, all from a single, easy to use interface.


 


Do it your way, not ours
Our digital health solutions fit into your workflow, using your care management plans and content, and it allows us to shrink the time needed to conceptualize, design, launch, and iterate, your next patient engagement or digital health solution.


 


Intervene when it matters
When you have a full picture of your engaged patient, and the lives they lead, you are better prepared to intervene and measure their outcomes on an ongoing basis, and our solutions allow you to detect, notify, and intervene automatically.
LEARN MORE













Connect Like Never Before
 


Patient CRM
Assemble a robust profile and history of your patients’ non-clinical interactions, and use that profile to communicate and monitor their activities in real-time.

 
Secure Messaging
Secure messaging between patients and clinicians has never been easier or more convenient, and with DatStat, you can rest assured that your communications are secure and retained for future interactions.
 
Education & Monitoring
Enroll and monitor your patients’ participation in condition and event specific education and care management plans, including the ability to track adherence and educational understanding.




Longitudinal Patient Tracking
Understand what your patients are up to between visits using Patient Reported Outcomes (PROs), assessments, and Patient Generated Health Data (PGHD).
 








Trends and Insights
Track the data points most important to your patients and their positive health outcomes and make them available to both clinicians and patients alike.
 
Campaign Automation
Selectively campaign to your patients, including a sophisticated automated rules engine that allows you to tailor the experience to the individual needs of your patient populations.
 
Notifications and Triggers
Driving behavior change requires the right trigger in the right place at the right time, and our solutions put those triggers where your patients already are – into their email and messaging apps.




Don’t Take Our Word For It
 “Using DatStat we have been able to close important care gaps – we were able to identify and monitor 25% of our patients who met criteria for depression, and similarly, we identified 11% of asthma patients whose disease was not well controlled.”

 
VIEW CASE STUDY




We ease the pain, so that you can focus on doing the same.
 DatStat has two decades of experience delighting customers and delivering automated care management and patient engagement solutions. Our team will work closely with your team to help you understand how our digital health solutions are changing patient lives, and transforming the bond between patient and provider. Through our proven implementation model, we will work to bring your solution to life, integrating your branding, content, and care pathways, and because of our platform approach, we can take you from idea to reality faster than you ever thought possible. It really is that easy.
Let us help you transform how you connect and care for your patients by connecting with us today.
 
LEARN MORE






 









SOLUTIONS For Providers
For Researchers
For Marketers

 PLATFORM

SUPPORT DatStat Academy
DatStat Support


ABOUT DATSTAT Our Story
Our Approach
Leadership
Careers
Blog
Privacy Policy


  From Our Blog 

Top 5 Books to Read This Summer


5 Requirements to Create a Successful Health App


What’s needed for Healthcare innovation – Health Apps or a Platform?


Podcast: Managing Patient Populations for Beginners and Experts


Beyond the EHR – What’s Really Going on With Your Patient?


 
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER







Copyright DatStat, Inc. All Rights Reserved.




































 



TreVia







































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 


 






News



 TreVia Digital Health raises $2M to support diabetes data aggregation
Overland Park, Kan., January 6, 2016  

 TreVia Digital Health and D-EYE Partner to Enable Telemedicine, Cloud Storage and Analytics for D-EYE’s Global Vision Care Customers
Overland Park, Kan., June 23, 2015  

 VisionQuest Biomedical LLC partners with TreVia Digital Health for diabetes management solution
Overland Park, Kan., March 6, 2015  

 Leading Health Care Company focused on Diabetes and Telemedicine Technology Changes Name From Physician Referral Network (PRN) to TreVia Digital Health
Overland Park, Kan., December 3, 2014  

 






 




CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 











Vice President, Engineering Resume Example (Trevia Digital Health, LLC) - Overland Park, Kansas






























 


  Menu  Close 
  LiveCareer  



 For Employers
 Contact Us
 Live Chat
 Log In
 Log In



Resume Builder 
 Resumes




Resume Examples
Resume Templates
Resume Samples
Resume Tips
Resume Services





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Admin
Business
Customer Service
Education




Engineering
Finance
Human Resources
IT
Law




Management
Media & Entertainment
Medical
Sales
Science




Retail
Marketing
Construction
Real Estate
Automotive




Production
Social Services
Transportation




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Business Templates
Classic Template
Computers Technology
Contemporary




Culinary Templates
Engineering Templates
Entry Level
Experienced
Management




Media Entertainment
Space Saver
Standard Template
Traditional
Traditional Template




IT
Customer Service
Sales
Education
Marketing




Retail
Medical
Finance
Microsoft Word
HR




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accountant
Analyst
Architect
Art
Bartender




Bookkeeper
Chef
Computer Science
Consultant
Engineering




Entry Level
Executive
Housekeeper
IT (Information Technology)
Manager




Military
Nursing
Receptionist
Resume Objectives
Retail




Sales
Server
Teacher
Technical
Resume Samples Guide




 View All Job Industries  





Featured Resume Tips





How to Include Keywords In Your Resume
Without strategically placing keywords in your resume, employers won't be able to find you.







Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume


Read More Resume Tips  

Resume Tips

How to Write Your First Resume
Best Resume Formats
Including References on Resume
Do's and Don'ts for Your Education Section
How to Write Your Resume Work Experience Section

View Other Resume Tips  



More Tips



  

Professional Resume Writing
Let us write it for you! Put the power of a professional resume writer on your side and get the job faster.



  

Resume Check
Make sure your resume is 100% error free! Instant feedback + make your resume recruiter ready.





  

Have a Pro Review Your Resume
Get an expert 2nd opinion with Resume Review. Professional advice will help you make your resume perfect so get you hired faster.



  

Professional Cover Letter Writing
Make the ultimate first impression with employers. Stand out from the crowd with a professionally written cover letter to match your resume.





 View Other Resume Services  







 Cover Letters




Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Examples
Letter Samples





COVER LETTER BUILER

  

Get your foot in the door with a stand-out cover letter
Your cover letter is your first change to impress potential employers. Cover Letter Builder gives you the tools to get noticed!
Create a Cover Letter  



COVER LETTER TIPS

  

Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume
Read Tips  





Cover Letter Job Industries



Education
Accounting & Finance
Customer Service
Management
Administrative




Marketing
Sales
Business
Medical
Healthcare




Media & Entertainment
IT (Information & Technology)




 See All Categories  





Letter Sample Categories



Cover Letters
Resignation Letters
Application Letters
Permission Letters
Termination Letters




Leave Letters
Appreciation Letters
Recommendation Letters
Thank You Letters
Appointment Letters




Reference Letters
Apology Letters




 See All Categories  







 Interviews




Interview Game Plan
Interview Videos
Interview Tips
Interview Questions





Interview Game Plan

  

Plan for Interview Success
Our proven solution is backed by a decade of research and has helped thousands get a job!
Learn more  



Free Video

  

3 Techniques To Answer Any Interview Question
Watch how you can answer any interview question and win the job!
Watch free video now 







Interview Videos

  

What's your greatest strength?
Interviewers will ask similar questions and gauge your response



  

How do you stay organized?
Hiring Managers want to learn how you get things done


View All Interview Videos  



Interview Categories

Common Questions
Good & Bad Answers
Good Answers Only
Bad Answers Only



Industries

Admin Support
Healthcare
Restaurant
Retail



View More Interview Preparations 







Job Interview Tips

  

Your First Ever Job Interview
10 tips that will help you have a successful first ever job interview.



  

What is your Biggest Failure?
Read how to properly interpret and answer this seemingly tricky question.





 View All Interview Tips  








Featured Interview Questions:

  

Why Are You The Best Candidate For This Position?
You want to make sure that you provide a clear and intelligible answer.



  

What Are Your Career Goals?
Make sure your goals line up with what you would be doing in their company.





 See All Interview Questions  







 Jobs




Search Jobs
Job Tips







Job Search Top Cities



Austin
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Jacksonville
Los Angeles




New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose





Job Search Top Industries



Accounting And Finance
Administrative Support
Business
Computers And Technology
Construction
Customer Service




Education And Training
Engineering
Food And Beverage
Healthcare
Human Resources
Sales





Job Search Top Companies



Amazon
Coca Cola Company
Costco
Fedex
Frito Lay
Google




Postmates
Procter and Gamble
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart






 View All Jobs  





Job Tips



  

Career Tips
You only get out of your career what you put into it.



  

Civic and Volunteer Activities Can Help You Get a Job
It makes you more well-rounded and enhances your appearance through your resume





  

Soft Skills in Demand
You may have skills that are high in demand and not even know it.





 Read All Job Tips  







 Companies




Companies









Amazon
Apple
Chevron Corp
Citibank
Coca Cola




Comcast
Costco
Deloitte
Fedex
General Electric




Google
Hewlett Packard
Hot Topic
Ikea
Kaiser Permanente




Sears
Mcafee
Nike
Nordstrom Rack
Planned Parenthood




Macy's
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart




 View All Companies  







 Resources




Resume Directory
Quintessential
Job Descriptions





Top Industries



Architecture
Community and Public Service
Education and Training
Government
Green Jobs
Healthcare




Human Resources
Management
Performing Arts
Science
Skilled Trades
Textile and Apparel




 View All Industries  






Quintessential by livecareer

  

What's your greatest strength?
Your one-stop source for the latest career tools, job search tips, and expert advice.
Read more 



I Am A Student

College Search
College Majors
College Planning
Internships

All Student Resources  

I Am A Career Changer

Career Assessment Tools
Articles
Find Your Career Passion
Quizzes

All Career Change Resources  

I Am A Job Seeker

Career Exploration
Checklist
Career Planning
Blog

All Job Seeker Resources  



Top Job Descriptions



Cashier Job Description
Project Manager Job Description
Accountant Job Description
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Operations Manager Job Description
Account Manager Job Description




Receptionist Job Description
Office Manager Job Description
Business Analyst Job Description
Marketing Manager Job Description
 Executive Assistant Job Description
Sales Associate Job Description




Sales Manager Job Description
Customer Service Job Description
 Sales Representative Job Description
Graphic Designer Job Description
Product Manager Job Description
General Manager Job Description




Data Analyst Job Description
Bookkeeper Job Description




 View All Job Descriptions  


















 
Search 1000s of Real LiveCareer Resumes!



Resumes you're looking for:

!Please provide a type of job or location to search!


Location you want:

!Please fill out this field


Find My Resume









 Thank you for setting up Job Alerts! Please check your inbox for a welcome email to confirm your request. 






LiveCareer
TreVia Digital Health, LLC
Vice President, Engineering Resume Example





Resumes in Kansas, Software Engineering Jobs, Software Engineering Jobs in Overland Park

TreVia Digital Health, LLC - Vice President, Engineering Resume Example
Love This Resume?Build Your Own Now



                            Score:
                            80%












XXXX XXXX






XXXX, 
Overland Park, 
ks 
66221 | 
XXX-XXXX-XXX
C: XXX-XXXX-XXX | 
XXXX@XXXX.XXX





Executive Profile


Accomplished executive with demonstrated ability to deliver mission-critical systems utilizing a direct, hands-on approach combined with a personable, collaborative team building philosophy. Highly results driven, with special focus on full-stack software architecture, use of modern software frameworks and state of the art design models.  Executive capable of board room presentations and straw-man models, with focus on business needs,  client requirements and financial outcomes. Always follow an analytics approach to measuring outcomes.​




Skill Highlights





Small business developmentLeadership/communication skillsProduct line expansionNew product deliveryBudgeting expertiseSelf-motivated
Relationship and team buildingSound decision makingIn-depth HCIT knowledge







Core Accomplishments


Successfully started up 2 small businesses in the medical device and telemedicine fields. 100% up-time on all systems deployed to production since 2014.Lead a HIPAA compliance, and information security policies and procedures documentation, and remediation project, resulting in HIPAA compliance with security and breach rules for cloud-based telemedicine company.




Professional Experience



06/2011
 to 
Current



Vice President, Engineering


TreVia Digital Health, LLC － 
Overland Park, 
KS


Responsible for all aspects of TreVia's engineering product development activities, focusing on the structure and operation of the engineering department. Further responsibilities include, conceptualizing new products and the day-to-day management of simultaneous projects; delivering high quality, scalable, and reliable solutions that meet specifications within time and budget constraints, and the fostering of innovative solutions to customer needs.





06/2009
 to 
05/2011



Vice President, Engineering


iTronix System,  Inc. － 
Overland Park, 
KS


Responsible for the design, and prototype of a new hand-held, fundus camera. The first of its kind, with network capabilities and touch-screen operation. Device supports direct integration with EMR's and practice workflows with telemedicine capabilities built in.





01/1997
 to 
05/2009



Sr. Director/Knowledge Architect


Cerner Corporation － 
Kansas City, 
MO


A 12 year Cerner engagement, starting with Cerner "Launch-Pad", innovation focus to methodology focused CAPE to leading Millennium Middleware team. Highlighted by co-inventing the Cerner MD-Bus for medical device connectivity and designing Cerner's first use of an enterprise service bus (ESB).  Lead engineering team responsible for delivering the MD-Bus, including device driver builds, first ever direct connect to GE and Phillips systems and connectivity to fetal monitors. Also, was influential in design of custom integration with medication dispensing system. All of this was independent of a Millennium installation, but worked easily along side one. MD-Bus system was impetus for Agile Business Units (ABU) and was first of its kind at Cerner. This system directly lead to formation of CareAware.






Education



1988



Bachelor of Science: 
Electrical/Computer Engineering


Northeastern University
 － 
Boston, 
MA, 
USA








1996



Master of Engineering Science: 
Computer Science


Loyola University
 － 
Baltimore, 
MD, 
USA












Build Your Own Now


More  Resume Examples:
Featured Resumes:












Software Engineering












Software Engineering












Software Engineering














Software Engineering












Software Engineering












Software Engineering














Software Engineering












Software Engineering












Software Engineering





Previous Next









Featured Jobs in Overland Park:View More  Overland Park Jobs





        Get job alerts sent to your inbox for
        
Software Engineering.
    






       
        By clicking "Send Job Alerts",I agree to the LiveCareer Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
    




Advertisement






Resume Overview

Companies Worked For:

TreVia Digital Health, LLCiTronix System,  Inc.Cerner Corporation



Job Titles Held:

Vice President, EngineeringSr. Director/Knowledge Architect



School Attended

Northeastern UniversityLoyola University



Degrees

 Bachelor of Science : Electrical/Computer Engineering Master of Engineering Science : Computer Science




Advertisement







                        Where can I find a TreVia Digital Health, LLC Vice President, Engineering resume example in Overland Park, Kansas 66221?
                    

                        This is an actual resume example of a Vice President, Engineering who works in the Software Engineering Industry. LiveCareer has 9570 Software Engineering resumes in its database. LiveCareer’s Resume Directory contains real resumes created by subscribers using LiveCareer’s Resume Builder.                        
                    










Browse All Resumes







Resume Tools

Resume Builder
Resume Tips
CV Templates
Resume Directory
Resume Samples





Cover Letter 

Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Tips
Cover Letter Samples





Mighty Recruiter 

Job Sourcing
Free Job Posting



Company 

Job Listings
Company Directory





Resources 

Quintessential LiveCareer
Education Opportunities





About 

Who We Are
Work Here
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use





Help & Support 

Customer Service/Billing
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions









 Language 





English
English (UK)






Español
Français






Italiano
Deutsch






Nederlands
Português
Polski







Customer Service 
 
customerservice@livecareer.com800-652-8430 Mon- Fri 8am - 8pm CST Sat 8am - 5pm CST, Sun 10am - 6pm CST
				  

Stay in touch with us













© 2017, Bold Limited. All rights reserved.


Powered by  
















TreVia Digital Health And Prosenex Release New Technology | EMR INDUSTRY

 
 



 


































































 




 
 



Submit your Company


                

                 

                

                Page NavigationSubmit your Company





 

 
  













Login   |
Register



 


Search for:




 



















 
 


Home
About Us
Latest News

Press Releases
Funding
Corporate Movement
Mergers-Acquisitions


Articles
Events
Intelligence Center

White Papers
Research papers
Case Studies
EMR Experts
EHR Products
Featured Advisors


Videos
Vendor Directory

Submit your Company


Contact Us

Category NavigationHomeAbout UsLatest News     Press Releases     Funding     Corporate Movement     Mergers-AcquisitionsArticlesEventsIntelligence Center     White Papers     Research papers     Case Studies     EMR Experts     EHR Products     Featured AdvisorsVideosVendor Directory     Submit your CompanyContact Us











EMR INDUSTRY > Latest News > TreVia Digital Health and Prosenex Release New Technology
 







Tweet











Pin It















Share on Tumblr



 










 
 



Posted
                        November 16, 2015                        by                        admin                        in                                                
                                                    Latest News



 
 
Back to Latest News
 TreVia Digital Health and Prosenex Release New Technology










TreVia Digital Health LLC (TreVia), innovators in cutting-edge technology-enabled services and solutions for the diabetes care industry, and Prosenex, a pioneering device company that specializes in medical objective screening for peripheral neuropathy, announced today an exclusive strategic partnership in which TreVia will integrate the Prosenex Dynamic Neuroscreening Device (DND) to create a new standard of care for screening of neuropathy and loss of protective sensation (LOPS).
“The scale of the diabetes chronic disease epidemic in this country is staggering. It demands innovative, scalable models for early detection using objective data to proactively and objectively baseline and chronicle progression,” Maureen Peszko, Trevia’s President stated. “This is about preventing limb loss and helping millions of Americans maintain a quality lifestyle – especially for those at risk for diabetic complications. A recent study in the Journal of the American Medical Association demonstrated that chronic disease accounts for 84 percent of U.S. health care costs; making accessibility of this innovative and simple diagnostics tool not only a clinical imperative, but an economic one. TreVia enables neuropathy screening using the portable Prosenex device and delivering lifetime progression evaluation data for patients where and when they need it most. Studies suggest that by performing neuropathy evaluations during each physician or home care visit, providers are uniquely equipped to promote lifestyle changes, deliver preventative care and affect clinical symptoms sooner – ultimately preserving a better quality of life, avoiding limb loss and creating improved health care economics.”
“Through our partnership with Trevia, the innovative and new neuropathy screening solution from Prosenex provides temperature and vibratory testing for peripheral neuropathy assessments,” Dr. Boris Golosarsky, Chief Medical Officer for Prosenex said. “Through Trevia’s SmartCare experience, the results are captured and stored for immediate evaluation, as well as for longitudinal evaluation and progression measures within the EHR,” stated Golosarsky.
The Prosenex DND provides demonstrable, objective documentation to support the new American Diabetes Association standard of care, which suggests a foot screening at every appointment to measure progression and identify neurological issues to avoid limb loss.
The ability to objectively determine and record patients’ abilities to discern temperature and vibration will provide physicians with objective data that can be more effectively scrutinized. According to Golosarsky, objectivity will allow physicians to achieve a more thorough understanding of the stage of any given patient’s neuropathy, thereby allowing them to provide the most effective and timely treatment for improved patient outcomes. The DND was conceived by a physician out of necessity of daily medical practice, when devastating clinical presentation of neuropathy, especially painless, is often missed. Further, the conversion to electronic patient record keeping will make it easier to compare patients at different stages of their disease as well as from one patient to another.
The CDC estimates that 86 million American adults are currently living with prediabetes – an 8 percent increase in the past decade – while describing chronic disease as “the public health challenge of our generation.” In 2012, type 2 diabetes cost the United States over $245 billion in medical costs and lost productivity. TreVia is the first to partner on a digital neuropathy program to add more preventative care and data as part of a diabetes prevention program to combat this growing epidemic.
“TreVia is excited about the partnership with Prosenex as it provides a disruptive technological leap in neuropathy management and diabetes care that is uniquely integrated with the TreVia software platform to deliver enhanced services, improved quality and elevated standard of peripheral neuropathy care,” added Peszko. “It is our mission to provide better patient outcomes by advancing a new level of digital collaboration that enables us to detect issues early, reduce potential limb loss, and lower healthcare costs overall.”
About TreVia Digital Health
TreVia Digital Health provides an innovative, holistic and conveniently accessible diabetes care experience that uses technology-enabled services, including digital diabetes screenings using telemedicine, for the prevention of chronic and polychronic diabetic complications. TreVia measurably impacts diabetes outcomes by identifying issues early, using technology to connect the best specialists for virtual evaluation and treatment while preventing complications, resulting in an improved patient experience and overall lower health care costs.
Today, TreVia provides diabetes screening, including retinopathy and peripheral neuropathy, glucose monitoring and mapping, and affective computing for patient engagement including interval learning, behavior evaluation and lifestyle coaching for those affected by diabetes and pre-diabetes conditions. For more information about Trevia Digital Health, LLC., please visithttp://www.treviadigitalhealth.com.
About Prosenex
Prosenex specializes in medical objective screening for peripheral neuropathy across multiple medical specialties. The company’s current portfolio of medical products and product designs is focused on addressing the unmet market needs of primary care physicians, podiatrists, neurologists, endocrinologists and occupational therapists in the screening of patients for peripheral neuropathy due to diabetes and other causes.
Source


 
 



 
Tweet





 Views Count:834 views



Hear the latest EMRindustry news
Get our daily newsletter or follow us.









Join Our Newsletter
Signup today for free and be the first to get notified on News updates.


















admin
 








 



        
                More articles by admin »
                
            




Related: 
 
endocrinologists
Physicians
TreVia Digital Health







Cedars-Sinai Health System Leverages Patient Data







Colorado Hospital Upgrades X-ray Systems




PlushCare Launches Lemur

 



Elation Health Lands $15M to Expand Its Physician Practice EHR





Quest Diagnostics and AncestryDNA Collaborate to Expand Consumer DNA Testing

 



CareCloud Publishes its first annual Patient Experience Index




What is MIPS and why should I care?


 






TreVia Digital Health raises $2M to support diabetes data aggregation











 
 

        
        	Articles        
        

 
 

 
 




3 Big Boosts in Healthcare Data Capabilities




Patient Access to Health Records Not Smooth or Easy: Report




VA Announces Overhaul of Veterans Electronic Health Records System




Do we have to define population health to make it useful?




The Role of Healthcare Technology in Less Developed Countries




LPN Salary Guide [How to Increase Your Earnings]




Without interoperability, EHRs are too expensive




Coolief Receives Approval From The FDA To Help Chronic Knee Pain


 
 

 




3 Big Boosts in Healthcare Data Capabilities




Patient Access to Health Records Not Smooth or Easy: Report




VA Announces Overhaul of Veterans Electronic Health Records System




Do we have to define population health to make it useful?


 






 

Sign Up for EMR Updates 
Get our latest updates direct in your inbox. Just enter your mail address below ..









 

Latest NewsNextGate and MD EMR Systems Partner to Identify and Eliminate Duplicate Patient Records for Optimal Data MigrationMass Spectrometry Market Outlook 2017-2024 Available at a CAGR of 9.0%Radiology Information Systems (RIS) Market Analysis, Trends and Forecast to 2024Artilces3 Big Boosts in Healthcare Data CapabilitiesPatient Access to Health Records Not Smooth or Easy: ReportVA Announces Overhaul of Veterans Electronic Health Records SystemPress ReleasesChromatography Resin Market to Reach US$ 2,000 Mn by 2027Artificial Insemination Market, 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and RegionEurope Weight Management Market Services & Devices Analysis by 2024White PapersHow customer experience today is shaping the insurer of the futureOncology EHR Vendor Pricing ComparisonInternal Medicine ICD-10 GuideEvents Calendar


<<
Jul 2017
>>




MTWTFSS



										26									

27


										28									

										29									

										30									

										1									

										2									
 
										3									

										4									

										5									

										6									

										7									

										8									

										9									
 
										10									

										11									

										12									

										13									

										14									

										15									

										16									
 
										17									

18


										19									

										20									

										21									

										22									

										23									
 
										24									

										25									

										26									

										27									

										28									

										29									

										30									
 
										31									

										1									

										2									

										3									

										4									

										5									

										6									







 


 
About Us
Submit your Company
Featured Vendors
Privacy Policy
Legal
Contact Us






UpComing Events 

Philadelphia Health IT Summit
International Forum on Quality & Safety in Healthcare
St. Petersburg Health IT Summit
Raleigh Health IT Summit




About 
About us 
Privacy Policy 
Sitemap
Contact Us





Featured Vendors 
Alego Health
CPSI
 Medsphere





Join Our NewsletterSignup today for free and be the first to get notified on News updates.
We hate spammers too. Don’t worry your information is safe with us.










 


            

                    Copyright © 2017 EMR INDUSTRY, All Rights Reserved.
                    

                


Powered By Yagna Technologies Pvt Ltd




 


 

















 



 
 
 
 
 
 



 







Our Products & Services | TreVia







































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 


 






Our Products & Services
TreVia doesn’t just develop the technology and workflow solutions for digital health care, but we also manage other aspects along the continuum of care.

viaexchange interoperability engine
web-based diabetes care management & retinopathy screening platform
modality integration
Cloud-based PACS
CARE COORDINATION
CLINICAL DATA REPOSITORY
clinical & business analytics
professional services


We offer value-based professional services.
To successfully implement a preventative care program that aligns with your objectives and provides the type of program that provides care, you need to make a series of decisions in the right way. We can guide you in this process to make the best possible choices.
We do more than install equipment and software.
From workflow to clinical integration to diabetes population management, we provide hands on support to help develop a value-based experience that is impactful.
We measure to ensure you’re achieving the desired results.
Investing in any program means having a roadmap and plan for improvement. We implement analytical tools so you can sustain your program to ensure you are continuing to achieve program objectives.
We create a diabetes network of care.
We provide a range of services to connect employed and independent physicians, retailers and others.
We create support for your program.
We can work with you to help the payer and employer community embrace your program and efforts — and potentially pursue broad value-based arrangements.

*Two patents pending
For even more information about our professional services, click here. 
 








 




CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 





 







Resources | TreVia







































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 


 






Resources
Below are several studies, journal articles and other resources that will provide a better understanding of the current state of the diabetes retinopathy industry, as well as new telemedicine solutions that are making an impact in diabetes care. 
PRN Telemedicine: a hybrid active-active/store-forward system that is meeting the demands of today’s modern telemedicine platforms.
The Economic Impact of Vision Problems: The Toll of major adult eye disorders, visual impairment and blindness on the U.S. economy
A Telemedical Approach to the Screening of Diabetic Retinopathy: Digital fundus photography
The Internist’s Role in Managing Diabetic Retinopathy: Screening for early detection
A Comparison of Two Reference Standards in Validating Two Field Mydriatic Digital Photography as a Method of Screening for Diabetic Retinopathy
The Promise of Primary Care–Based Screening for Diabetic Retinopathy: With a comment on “Telemedicine and Retinal Imaging for Improving Diabetic Retinopathy Evaluation.”
Telemedicine and Retinal Imaging for Improving Diabetic Retinopathy Evaluation
Glaucoma Screening: Analysis of conventional and telemedicine-friendly devices
The Next Wave: Managing an influx of diabetic retinopathy patients requires practices to rethink processes.
Accuracy of Primary Care Clinicians in Screening for Diabetic Retinopathy Using Single-Image Retinal Photography
Telemedicine's Role in Diabetic Eye Care: Making eye care more accessible to patients and decreasing unnecessary visits
Single-field Fundus Photography for Diabetic Retinopathy Screening
Screening for Diabetic Retinopathy in Primary Care with a Mobile Fundal Camera: Evaluation of a South African pilot project.
Improving Access to Eye Care: Teleophthalmology in Alberta, Canada
Tight Blood Pressure Control and Risk of Macrovascular and Microvascular Complications in Type 2 Diabetes: UK prospective diabetes study group
Web-based Screening for Diabetic Retinopathy in a Primary Care Population: The EyeCheck Project
 








 




CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 





 







Contact Us | TreVia










































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 


 






Contact Us
7381 W.133rd St., Suite 205
Overland Park, Kansas 66213

Main Business Line:913-956-5000, Answered from 8am - 5pm Central Time
Customer Service: 913-213-6013
Technical Support: 913-689-3784 (24x7x365) or via email: support@treviadigitalhealth.com

EMAIL: info@treviadigitalhealth.com
Contact us today to discuss how TreVia can help your organization meet its clinical and financial objectives.

First Name *



Last Name *



Organization *



Address *



City *



State *
- Select -AlabamaAlaskaAmerican SamoaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarshall IslandsMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaNorthern Marianas IslandsOhioOklahomaOregonPalauPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirgin IslandsVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming


Zip *



Email *



Phone *




  Receive Future Communications 









CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


What code is in the image? *

Enter the characters shown in the image.


 








 




CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 





 



TreVia







































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 


 






Testimonials



 TreVia has improved accessibility of retinal screenings, offering them in convenient locations such as primary care offices. Thanks to TreVia’s solutions, I am able to provide preventative care as a retinal specialist, identifying and treating diseases in early stages before patients lose vision.
 
 - Christopher N. Singh, MD, FACS, Vitreo Retinal Specialists, Grand Blanc, MI  

 We are always looking for innovative ways to cut costs and provide optimal health care. TreVia enables us to do both. In addition, the Ophthalmologist is freed from routine screenings and can focus their time and skills on patients requiring treatment.
 
 - D. Appel, OD, Senior Optometrist, Estelle Regional Medical Facility, Huntsville, TX  

 We've had a very positive experience with TreVia. Our practice is improving our quality measure scores for HEDIS diabetic retinal exams and generating new revenue. Our staff easily administers the retinal exams without impacting our patient flow through the clinic, and our patients have commented that the test was simple and convenient.
 
 - Nathan D. Granger, MD, MBA, Family Physician, Clay-Platte Family Medicine Clinic, PC, Kansas City, MO  

 We participate in all of the HEDIS Bonus Programs, that was our main reason for getting the fundoscope and it has helped our quality scores tremendously!
 
 - Christy Houghton, AMFT, CMA, Quality Care Coordinator, Premier Family Medical, Salt Lake City, UT  

 






 




CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 





 







About Us | TreVia







































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 


 






About Us
TreVia is a health care company that provides cutting-edge technology solutions to the diabetes care industry, resulting in a measurable impact on health care outcomes.
Our History
With careers in the health care industry, David Dyer, M.D. and Jim Higgins have witnessed diabetes grow into a worldwide epidemic, in addition to escalation of eye health issues after catching this disease too far into progression. Their goal was to enable simple, convenient, collaborative care between primary care physicians and other specialists.
In 2011, they founded Physician Referral Network (PRN). Through this innovative company, they designed a technology that would allow the digital transfer of diabetic retinopathy images and screening results between physicians and specialists, with the intent that both could access these images securely anytime, and from anywhere an internet connection was available.
As the technology has continued to grow and improve, so has the company. In mid 2014, PRN underwent a rebrand and changed their name to TreVia, which is more reflective of the company’s mission and vision. Read the TreVia backstory now.
Today, TreVia is providing cutting-edge technology solutions to the diabetes eye care industry, resulting in improved business and clinical outcomes.
Our Mission
To deliver technology solutions that enhance patients’ lives and drive measurable improvements in the access, affordability and quality of health care.
Our Vision
To be the recognized leader in providing technology and service-based solutions that advance diabetic care and inspire adoption by providers, health organizations and patients.
Our Core Values
Exceptional Customer Service. Deliver on commitments and provide frequent and open communications to earn the trust of customers, partners and colleagues.
Collaboration. Foster energetic, cooperative input across all relationships.
Excellence and Inspiration. Be accountable and results-driven to make a meaningful difference.
Transparency and Integrity. Commit to high standards and effective communication. Approach each interaction with respect and understanding.
Innovation. Create innovative solutions that solve real problems.
Value Generation. Work to consistently provide solutions and services that can improve the health of the population we impact.
 








 




CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 





 



TreVia







































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 


 






News



 TreVia Digital Health raises $2M to support diabetes data aggregation
Overland Park, Kan., January 6, 2016  

 TreVia Digital Health and D-EYE Partner to Enable Telemedicine, Cloud Storage and Analytics for D-EYE’s Global Vision Care Customers
Overland Park, Kan., June 23, 2015  

 VisionQuest Biomedical LLC partners with TreVia Digital Health for diabetes management solution
Overland Park, Kan., March 6, 2015  

 Leading Health Care Company focused on Diabetes and Telemedicine Technology Changes Name From Physician Referral Network (PRN) to TreVia Digital Health
Overland Park, Kan., December 3, 2014  

 






 




CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 





 







Home Page | TreVia







































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 









Improving Diabetes Outcomes Through Telemedicine
Collaboration, preventative care and affordability all come together with TreVia.

 
Read the TreVia backstory


 



Improving Care with Preventative Screening
We found treatable diseases that can lead to blindness in 15% of asymptomatic diabetic retinopathy patients.

 


 



Enabling Diabetes Health Care Across The Globe
TreVia’s platform coordinates diabetes care throughout the world, translating communications in many languages, such as Mandarin. 

 


 



Providing Faster Results
Secure results can be accessed via the internet anytime from anywhere usually within 8 hours. This facilitates collaboration and enhances patient satisfaction.

 


 



Supporting an Array of Diagnostic Data
TreVia supports diagnostic modalities beyond digital retinal images, including OCT, FA, visual field, and ERG/EOG. 

 


 



Enabling Collaboration Through Digital Image Sharing
TreVia’s telemedicine platform enables instant sharing of diagnostic images through the internet for use by the entire health care team through electronic health records.

 


 



Patients Like It
On a scale of 10, patients have rated TreVia at 9.8 or above for ease of use, better coordinated care, convenience and overall experience.

 


 

 




 






Why TreVia…
​

What we believe
Our efforts will improve the quality of life for diabetes patients
We will have a meaningful impact on society—in the US and around the world
It’s critical to reinvent how diabetes care is being accessed and delivered
High standards should never be compromised
TreVia is the best trusted partner

 
 









What we do
TreVia is a health care company that provides technology-enabled services, including digital diabetic retinopathy screenings, for the prevention of diabetic complications...





Who we benefit
...to empower physicians, health organizations, payers, retailers and patients with solutions and tools so they can take a more active, collaborative role in diabetes care...





Value we bring
...and measurably impact diabetes outcomes, the patient experience and the cost of treating diabetes.








To learn more about the value of what we do and the impact we’re making in diabetes care today, click HERE.







Invest in what you can measure...







We’re Having a Meaningful Impact in Preventing Blindness
​Since inception, TreVia has helped over 185,000 diabetic patients through our digital diabetic retinopathy screenings. This number will continue to grow as our solution is implemented across the globe.




We’re Detecting a Multitude of Eye Issues That Have Gone Undetected
​In addition to diabetic retinopathy, TreVia has identified other eye health issues that otherwise would have gone undetected. These include macular degeneration, macular edema.




We’re Identifying Eye Health Issues That Require Medical Attention
TreVia is identifying eye health issues that may have worsened without additional medical attention. Sometimes, the issue just needs closer monitoring. In more severe cases, a cost-effective procedure such as laser photocoagulation or intravitreal injection can treat the issue early to prevent vision loss and possible expensive vitrectomy surgery.






 









 TreVia has improved accessibility of retinal screenings, offering them in convenient locations such as primary care offices. Thanks to TreVia’s solutions, I am able to provide preventative care as a retinal specialist, identifying and treating diseases in early stages before patients lose vision.
 
 - Christopher N. Singh, MD, FACS, Vitreo Retinal Specialists, Grand Blanc, MI  

 We are always looking for innovative ways to cut costs and provide optimal health care. TreVia enables us to do both. In addition, the Ophthalmologist is freed from routine screenings and can focus their time and skills on patients requiring treatment.
 
 - D. Appel, OD, Senior Optometrist, Estelle Regional Medical Facility, Huntsville, TX  

 We've had a very positive experience with TreVia. Our practice is improving our quality measure scores for HEDIS diabetic retinal exams and generating new revenue. Our staff easily administers the retinal exams without impacting our patient flow through the clinic, and our patients have commented that the test was simple and convenient.
 
 - Nathan D. Granger, MD, MBA, Family Physician, Clay-Platte Family Medicine Clinic, PC, Kansas City, MO  

 We participate in all of the HEDIS Bonus Programs, that was our main reason for getting the fundoscope and it has helped our quality scores tremendously!
 
 - Christy Houghton, AMFT, CMA, Quality Care Coordinator, Premier Family Medical, Salt Lake City, UT  

 








CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 





 







Home Page | TreVia







































Search form

Search 





 






Our PurposeOur Purpose
The Need
Proven Results
Value of Early Detection

Our SolutionsOur Solutions
Diabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It Works
Our Products & Services
Professional Services
Platform Matters
ViaExchange

Who We BenefitWho We Benefit
Health Systems & Providers
Payers & Accountable Care Organizations
Retail
Government Programs
International
Patients

About UsAbout Us
Our Team
Testimonials
News
Events
TreVia Backstory

ResourcesResources

Contact UsContact Us
Career Opportunities






Our PurposeOur PurposeThe NeedProven ResultsValue of Early DetectionOur SolutionsOur SolutionsDiabetic Retinopathy Screening - How It WorksOur Products & ServicesProfessional ServicesPlatform MattersViaExchangeWho We BenefitWho We BenefitHealth Systems & ProvidersPayers & Accountable Care OrganizationsRetailGovernment ProgramsInternationalPatientsAbout UsAbout UsOur TeamTestimonialsNewsEventsTreVia BackstoryResourcesResourcesContact UsContact UsCareer Opportunities 



 









Improving Diabetes Outcomes Through Telemedicine
Collaboration, preventative care and affordability all come together with TreVia.

 
Read the TreVia backstory


 



Improving Care with Preventative Screening
We found treatable diseases that can lead to blindness in 15% of asymptomatic diabetic retinopathy patients.

 


 



Enabling Diabetes Health Care Across The Globe
TreVia’s platform coordinates diabetes care throughout the world, translating communications in many languages, such as Mandarin. 

 


 



Providing Faster Results
Secure results can be accessed via the internet anytime from anywhere usually within 8 hours. This facilitates collaboration and enhances patient satisfaction.

 


 



Supporting an Array of Diagnostic Data
TreVia supports diagnostic modalities beyond digital retinal images, including OCT, FA, visual field, and ERG/EOG. 

 


 



Enabling Collaboration Through Digital Image Sharing
TreVia’s telemedicine platform enables instant sharing of diagnostic images through the internet for use by the entire health care team through electronic health records.

 


 



Patients Like It
On a scale of 10, patients have rated TreVia at 9.8 or above for ease of use, better coordinated care, convenience and overall experience.

 


 

 




 






Why TreVia…
​

What we believe
Our efforts will improve the quality of life for diabetes patients
We will have a meaningful impact on society—in the US and around the world
It’s critical to reinvent how diabetes care is being accessed and delivered
High standards should never be compromised
TreVia is the best trusted partner

 
 









What we do
TreVia is a health care company that provides technology-enabled services, including digital diabetic retinopathy screenings, for the prevention of diabetic complications...





Who we benefit
...to empower physicians, health organizations, payers, retailers and patients with solutions and tools so they can take a more active, collaborative role in diabetes care...





Value we bring
...and measurably impact diabetes outcomes, the patient experience and the cost of treating diabetes.








To learn more about the value of what we do and the impact we’re making in diabetes care today, click HERE.







Invest in what you can measure...







We’re Having a Meaningful Impact in Preventing Blindness
​Since inception, TreVia has helped over 185,000 diabetic patients through our digital diabetic retinopathy screenings. This number will continue to grow as our solution is implemented across the globe.




We’re Detecting a Multitude of Eye Issues That Have Gone Undetected
​In addition to diabetic retinopathy, TreVia has identified other eye health issues that otherwise would have gone undetected. These include macular degeneration, macular edema.




We’re Identifying Eye Health Issues That Require Medical Attention
TreVia is identifying eye health issues that may have worsened without additional medical attention. Sometimes, the issue just needs closer monitoring. In more severe cases, a cost-effective procedure such as laser photocoagulation or intravitreal injection can treat the issue early to prevent vision loss and possible expensive vitrectomy surgery.






 









 TreVia has improved accessibility of retinal screenings, offering them in convenient locations such as primary care offices. Thanks to TreVia’s solutions, I am able to provide preventative care as a retinal specialist, identifying and treating diseases in early stages before patients lose vision.
 
 - Christopher N. Singh, MD, FACS, Vitreo Retinal Specialists, Grand Blanc, MI  

 We are always looking for innovative ways to cut costs and provide optimal health care. TreVia enables us to do both. In addition, the Ophthalmologist is freed from routine screenings and can focus their time and skills on patients requiring treatment.
 
 - D. Appel, OD, Senior Optometrist, Estelle Regional Medical Facility, Huntsville, TX  

 We've had a very positive experience with TreVia. Our practice is improving our quality measure scores for HEDIS diabetic retinal exams and generating new revenue. Our staff easily administers the retinal exams without impacting our patient flow through the clinic, and our patients have commented that the test was simple and convenient.
 
 - Nathan D. Granger, MD, MBA, Family Physician, Clay-Platte Family Medicine Clinic, PC, Kansas City, MO  

 We participate in all of the HEDIS Bonus Programs, that was our main reason for getting the fundoscope and it has helped our quality scores tremendously!
 
 - Christy Houghton, AMFT, CMA, Quality Care Coordinator, Premier Family Medical, Salt Lake City, UT  

 








CONTACT US
HOME  /  PRIVACY POLICY  /  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  /   ©2015 TreVia Digital Health













Search form

Search 





 





