

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














T-Rex Group Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























t-rex group inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
T-Rex Group, Inc. designs and develops software solutions. The Company offers financial services software technologies. T-Rex Group serves customers in the United States and Israel.




Corporate Information
Address:

214 West 29th Street
17th Floor
New York, NY 10001
United States


Phone:
1-212-256-1285


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.trexgroup.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































T-REX Group, Inc. - T-REX Adds Strategic Investment From innogy - German utility joined by the Partnership Fund for New York City































































 


  








































BACK


SEND


PRINT-






Send
Your name: 

Your E-Mail: 
You can add multiple recipients by inserting a semicolon between each e-mail

Send to:

 

Message 


  






Save this document
Title:
T-REX Adds Strategic Investment From innogy




      












 

T-REX Group, Inc.		T-REX Adds Strategic Investment From innogy	    German utility joined by the Partnership Fund for New York City 



May 25, 2017T-REX Group, Inc. ("T-REX"), a financial technology ("fintech") company focused on providing data, analytics, and transactional tools for a variety of asset classes, including renewable energy, announced the closing of a $10 million financing round. Leading European utility innogy (ETR:IGY) and the Partnership Fund for New York City ("PFNYC") joined the round. T-REX's Series B was originally led by Safeguard Scientifics (NYSE:SFE) with participation from Ecosystem Integrity Fund.

"With innogy's strategic commitment, T-REX has reached a significant milestone and found a global strategic partner to catalyze growth in the European renewable energy space," T-REX Founder and CEO Benjamin Cohen said. "innogy has proven to be the progressive thought and action leader, as the data-oriented utility of the future. We look forward to working with the innogy team to facilitate unprecedented liquidity in the European renewables market through the transparency and transactional capabilities that the T-REX platform provides."

Through innogy's investment, T-REX now has the foundation to broaden its offering in the renewables market, particularly in the utility sector. Florian Kolb, Managing Director of innogy New Ventures, Palo Alto, comments on the partnership, "innogy aims to combine innovation, technology, and renewable energy. T-REX's financial innovation around energy data is an essential piece to those long-term plans. We expect the deployment of the T-REX platform to drive business efficiencies and empower intelligent decision making."
The Partnership Fund for New York City also participated in this investment, following its selection of T-REX to join PFNYC's Fintech Innovation Lab. "As a graduate of the FinTech Innovation Lab, T-REX is a standout example of what can be achieved when you leverage New York City's business leadership to support great entrepreneurs," said Maria Gotsch, President and CEO of the Partnership Fund for New York City. "By tapping into mentoring from financial industry giants, T-REX, like many of our alumni, made a great business better and now is unlocking investment opportunities by bringing unmatched efficiency to the renewable energy industry."
Cohen added, "It is an honor for T-REX to have the support and commitment of the esteemed Board of the PFNYC. Working with Maria, her team and network has helped expand T-REX's market vision and reach, as we prepare to enter additional esoteric markets with inadequate financial infrastructure."
"This round was all about assembling a reliable team of partners, creating demand for a product and positioning T-REX for a period of sustained growth in key markets, both domestically and internationally," remarks Tina Aufiero, Managing Director at Safeguard Scientifics and T-REX Board Member. "Nearly nine-tenths of new power added to Europe's energy capacity last year was derived from renewable energy sources, and innogy will serve as the conduit to this commercial market. With a validated technology and a global strategic investor, T-REX has the ability to scale meaningfully, as the esoteric ABS market continues to develop."
With this investment, T-REX will continue to expand its team, grow its international client base, and optimize its SaaS platform for target markets across renewables and other esoteric asset classes.
About T-REX
T-REX is an industry-leading financial services software technology company that specializes in valuation, risk analysis, and structuring tools to unlock investment opportunities for various asset classes. Founded in 2012, T-REX has developed partnerships with some of the leading investment banking institutions. By using T-REX's secure, proprietary platform, investors, asset managers, and developers are empowered to efficiently and transparently finance, securitize, and manage their assets. For more information, visit www.trexgroup.com or connect with the company on Twitter and LinkedIn.
About Innogy
innogy SE is Germany's leading energy company. With its three business segments
Grid & Infrastructure, Retail and Renewables, innogy addresses the requirements of a modern, decarbonised, decentralised and digital energy world. Its activities focus on its 23 million customers, and on offering them innovative and sustainable products and services which enable them to use energy more efficiently and improve their quality of life. innogy New Ventures are the Palo Alto-based activities from innogy, focusing to secure future business for innogy via three core activity streams: 1. market entry, 2. venturing and 3. innovation. This includes leading a. strategic investments in early- and later-stage companies, b. a group-wide data-driven business model program and c. testing and launching new businesses for innogy.  More information at www.innogy.com.  
About Partnership Fund for New York City 
The Partnership Fund for New York City is the $150 million investment arm of the Partnership for New York City, New York's leading business organization. The Fund's mission is to engage the City's business leaders to identify and support promising NYC-based entrepreneurs to create jobs, spur new business and expand opportunities for New Yorkers to participate in the City's economy. 
About Safeguard Scientifics
Safeguard Scientifics (NYSE:SFE) provides capital and relevant expertise to fuel the growth of technology-driven businesses in healthcare, financial services and digital media. Safeguard targets companies that are capitalizing on the next wave of enabling technologies with a particular focus on the Internet of Everything, enhanced security and predictive analytics. Safeguard typically deploys between $5 million and $25 million over the course of its partnership with a company, initially investing in a Series A or B Round and opportunistically in a Seed Round. Safeguard has a distinguished track record of fostering innovation and building market leaders that spans more than six decades. For more information, please visit www.safeguard.com or follow us on Twitter @safeguard.

CONTACT
Bill Douglass
(646)-504-0890
bill.douglass@sparkpr.com
For more information:




Organization:  
                T-REX Group, Inc.http://www.trexgroup.com













Tweet


Link http://www.electricenergyonline.com/detail_news.php?ID=639487




BACK


SEND


PRINT








 






Click here to Sign up



SUBSCRIBE















        Most consulted news        





Today

This Week

This Month






















T-REX PRODUCTS INC San Diego CA, 92154 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Miscellaneous Manufacturing Industries
T-rex Products Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







T-rex Products Inc



7920 Airway Rd, Ste A6

San Diego,
							
							
							 CA
							
							
							 92154-8311
							
							 |  view map


(619) 482-4424

www.t-rexproducts.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

T-REX PRODUCTS INC is in the Manufacturing Industries, N.E.C. industry in San Diego, CA.  This company currently has approximately 20 to 50 employees  and  annual sales of $1,000,000 to $4,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Headquarters
					

Industry:
						Manufacturing Industries, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						1997
					

Sales Range:
						$1,000,000 to $4,999,999
					

Employees:
						20 to 50


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments

Yes



Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Hammer & CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Barnes & Noble


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Walbro


Coats Electric CO Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Montgomery Marine Repair








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
•
•


								2.6
							


							( Based on
							
							5
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								5
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on T-rex Products Inc
Rate T-rex Products Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about T-rex Products Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGUE
VUDEN INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLTAIRE
W & B TRUCKING INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
ADVENT I LLC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
GOODY 2 SHOES
CONTORNO INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
STINGER WELDING INC
AZURADISC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
PANALPINA INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Trex Group, Inc.                                                                                                         - Doral                                             , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Doral



Transportation Services, Nec



Cargo Loading And Unloading Services



                            Trex Group, Inc.
                                    



 





















T 


Trex Group, Inc.                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8600 NW 30TH TER STE D DORAL, FL 33122
Get Directions



(305) 482-9900
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $489,661.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Cargo Loading And Unloading Services
 Contacts Francesco Larosa                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Trex Group, Inc.                                                                                                         was founded in 2007, and is located at 8600 Nw 30th Ter Ste D in Doral. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Francesco Larosa                                                                                                         at (305) 482-9900. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















 
 





















 





T-REX Group, Inc. | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more


















 

















T-REX Group, Inc. 

    Renewable energy finance powered by valuation and risk analytics    



Finance



















 












Overview






                            New York City, US                            



 




















            Founders                    







                Admin            



Benjamin Cohen

                                                    CEO - I guide the vision and culture of the company and manage T-REX's leadership.                                                
I am an entrepreneur, passionate about building a company that is a shepherd of all types of capital - financial, human, and environmental.








                Admin            



Torie Runzel

                                                    Director of Operations                                                
Operations and people focused; entrepreneur























                T-REX brings together world-class expertise in finance, renewables, and technology to support the development of sustainable, market-driven economics in the renewable energy industry.

T-REX is an enterprise software that provides value for renewable developers and financial institutions by increasing transparency and market efficiency for renewable energy assets. T-REX have two unique capabilities: comprehensive cash flow analytics for asset owners and operators, and detailed fixed income analytics with deal structuring to facilitate capital market transactions. We have created a software platform that uploads all project information, asset information, and revenues and expenses of the project. T-REX supports enhanced solar project stressing, renegotiation risk, residual value, & custom expense stresses, a loan cash flow optimizer, tools to support importing projects from SAM, PVSyst. T-REX software analyzes irradiance, power generation, and credit risks and then creates a structur...
            

                T-REX brings together world-class expertise in finance, renewables, and technology to support the development of sustainable, market-driven economics in the renewable energy industry.

T-REX is an enterprise software that provides value for renewable developers and financial institutions by increasing transparency and market efficiency for renewable energy assets. T-REX have two unique capabilities: comprehensive cash flow analytics for asset owners and operators, and detailed fixed income analytics with deal structuring to facilitate capital market transactions. We have created a software platform that uploads all project information, asset information, and revenues and expenses of the project. T-REX supports enhanced solar project stressing, renegotiation risk, residual value, & custom expense stresses, a loan cash flow optimizer, tools to support importing projects from SAM, PVSyst. T-REX software analyzes irradiance, power generation, and credit risks and then creates a structured financial analysis in a framework that investors are familiar with, bridging the gaps between renewables, finance, and technology.            
More information











            Recommendations                    




















 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by

















Legal Notices - T REX Specialty Lines



































































 

Call Us: 1-800-661-TREX (8739) 


FacebookInstagramTwitterLinkedin 






Legal Notices
TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc.  (“TREX Specialty Insurance Group” ) Online Terms And Conditions Of Usage. Thank you for visiting the TREX Specialty Insurance Group  Website and reviewing our legal policies, including our terms and conditions of use, privacy policy and intellectual property rights policy. Your privacy is of great importance to us and our Website has been developed with that in mind. We recognize your right to know what information is being collected about you and how that information will be used, as well as our legal obligations to limit collection and protect what we do collect. It is important to read the following terms of use. Your use of this Website constitutes your agreement to abide by these terms.
1. The TREX Specialty Insurance Group. Website is created and designed for the purpose of communicating general information with users of the Internet by electronic means.
2. The TREX Specialty Insurance Group,  Website should not be relied upon for on-line technical assistance or any other emergency services and is in no way designed to serve as an alternative to the technical support services provided by TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. or independent third-party technical support services.
3. TREXspecialty.COM, and the TREX Specialty Insurance Logo are all service marks and/or copyrights owned by TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. , ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. All materials published on this website are protected by copyright, and owned or controlled by the TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc.  or the party listed as the provider of the content, software or other materials.
4. TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. reserves the right to modify, update or alter these Terms of Use at any time. Your continued use of the website constitutes your agreement to comply with such modifications. You may not advertise or solicit on these pages without TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. express written permission. This publication is distributed internationally and may contain references to TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. products, programs and services that have not been announced in your country. These references do not imply that TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. intends to announce such products, programs or services in your country.
5. Communications made through this website’s e-mail and messaging system shall in no way be deemed to constitute legal notice to TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. or any of its agencies, officers, employees, agents, or representatives, with respect to any existing or potential claim or cause of action against TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. or any of its agencies, officers, employees, agents, or representatives, where notice to the TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. is required by contract, or any federal, state or local laws, rules, or regulations.
6. This website may be used as intended by TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. for its authorized purposes. Unauthorized use or modification of any information stored on this website may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution under Federal, State, and local law. TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. and its agents may monitor and audit the usage of this system, and all persons are hereby notified that use of this system constitutes consent to such monitoring and auditing.
7. UNAUTHORIZED COPYING, REPRODUCTION, REPUBLISHING, UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING OR DUPLICATING ANY OF THE MATERIAL IS PROHIBITED. You may download or copy any downloadable materials displayed on the website for the specified uses only, provided that you maintain all copyright, trademark and other notices contained in such material and you agree to abide by all additional copyright notices, information or restrictions contained in any material accessed through the website. Commercial use, copying, or unauthorized distribution of the website materials is prohibited without the prior written permission of TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc.  Except as may be otherwise indicated in specific documents within this publication, you are authorized to view, copy, print, and distribute documents within this publication, subject to your agreement that:
1. Your use is for informational and noncommercial purposes only;
2. You will not modify the documents or graphics;
3. You will not copy or distribute graphics separate from their accompanying text, nor will you quote materials out of their context;
4. You will display the above copyright notice and retain any other copyright and other proprietary notices on every copy you make; You acknowledge that TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. has not conferred upon you by waiver, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right under any patent, trademark or copyright (except as expressly provided above). You agree that TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. shall free to use any ideas, concepts or techniques contained in your response for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such ideas, concepts or techniques.
8. You shall not restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying any service conducted on this website, nor shall you upload, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on the website (i) any unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent materials; (ii) any materials which infringe any intellectual property right of any third party or advertise or otherwise solicit funds or is a solicitation for goods and services; or (iii) any materials containing a computer virus or other harmful component. While TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. has no obligation to monitor the website and is not responsible for the content of any messages, information or files transmitted on the website, TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. reserves the right to delete, move, edit, refuse to post or take other appropriate action with respect to such messages, information or files which TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc.  in its sole discretion, deems objectionable or otherwise in violation of these Terms of Use.
9. The information provided on this Site, and links to other related websites, are provided as a courtesy to TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. website visitors only, and are in no manner an endorsement, recommendation or approval of any person, any product or any service contained on any other Website. TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting the information that we collect from customers during the process of registering for a service, product, newsletter, or membership area in the TREX Specialty Insurance Group  website. It is our policy to use the information we acquire through the registration process or through user postings at our sites for internal business uses only, and we maintain appropriate security measures to keep this information private. Gathering this information helps us develop websites and products to meet your needs. You should be aware that personal information–such as your name or e-mail address–that you voluntarily disclose are accessible to other users could be collected and disclosed by others. TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. cannot take any responsibility for such collection or disclosure. By accessing this website, you also agree to allow us to send you communications or emails offering products, goods, services or other valuable information.
10. TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. is neither responsible nor liable for any viruses or other contamination of your system nor for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions arising out of your use of the website or with respect to the material contained on the website, including without limitation, any material posted on the website. THIS WEBSITE AND ALL MATERIALS CONTAINED ON IT ARE DISTRIBUTED AND TRANSMITTED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.T REX Specialty INSURANCE GROUP, INC. IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY ARISE FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE AND/OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED ON THE WEBSITE, WHETHER THE MATERIAL IS PROVIDED BY LEMARK INSURANCE AGENCY, INC, OR A THIRD PARTY.
11. TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. operates this website from its office in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida and makes no representations that materials in this website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you access this website from other locations, you do so at your own risk and are solely responsible for compliance with any and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. The display of this website alone, by TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc.  does not subject TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. to any specific jurisdiction.
12. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida as applied to agreements made and to be performed entirely therein. Any action brought to enforce the Agreement or in connection with this website shall be brought in either the state or federal courts in Palm Beach County, Florida. PRIVACY STATEMENT: Our Internet privacy policy is: You do not have to give us personal information to visit our site. We collect personally identifiable information (name, email address, or other unique identifier) only if specifically and knowingly provided by you. In some cases, the personally identifiable information you provide will be used to merely respond to your electronic inquiry and will not be maintained.
If we ask you to provide personally identifiable information in order to take advantage of TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. ‘ services and we maintain that information, you agree to be bound to this Privacy Act statement before transmission of your information to us. In this statement we advise you of the purposes for collecting the information and the potential uses of it. Information is commonly collected for statistical purposes and TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc. sometimes performs analyses of user behavior in order to measure customer interest in the various areas of our site. We will disclose this information to third parties only in aggregate form. Further, TREX Specialty Insurance Group, Inc.  uses cookies (a file placed on your hard drive by a Website  that allows it to monitor your use of the site) for limited purposes that enable your use of and improve the functionality of our Website . Information collected and stored automatically If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
1. The Internet domain (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our Website;
2. The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
3. The date and time you access our site;
4. The pages you visit; and
5. If you linked to the TREX Specialty Insurance Group Website from another Website, the Internet address of that Website. We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to learn about the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, and technical information that will enhance ease of use, such as, the types of technology our visitors use and system performance or problem areas. Information collected from emails and on-line forms. Some of our Web pages allow you to send us an email.
If your email message includes personally-identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing an inquiry, we will use that information to respond to your inquiry. In addition, in some cases, it may be used to send you follow-up information about postal products and services in which you have expressed an interest. Remember that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is very sensitive, or includes information such as your bank account, charge card, or social security number, you should send it by mail unless our Website  indicates the particular site is secured.
Security — Detection of unauthorized intrusions. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, our computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Significant actions when information enters a System of Records. Some of our websites allow you to purchase products and services or request information electronically. In those instances, we will collect the information needed to fulfill your order or request, just as though your order or request had been made on paper. That information will be maintained and protected in accordance with the Privacy Act, 5 U.S.C. 552a, which means that if you have sent it in a secured manner, it will be secured in transit to us and once received.
Before transmitting the information to us, you will be given a Privacy Act statement similar to this statement that tells you the purpose for collection and the potential disclosures that may be made of the information you provide. We will let you know those circumstances in which it may be necessary to make a disclosure, such as to a government agency for law enforcement or other official need.


CONTACT US NOW FOR YOUR FREE QUOTE
We are here to assist you with all your insurance needs.  Whether it’s home, auto, personal, life or commercial TREX Specialty has you covered.  Click the button below to contact us today for a free quote.
TREX Specialty
1-800-661-TREX (8739)
trexspecialty@gmail.com


Contact T REX Today!
  

















Scroll to top



 



About Us | T-REX Group, Inc.






























































 







 


 
T-REX Analytics Client Login
T-REX Analytics Demo Request

 


























About T-REX
T-REX connects developers with capital and facilitates liquidity









About T-REX
Our Team
Careers
 

About Us
T-REX is an industry-leading financial services software technology company that specializes in valuation, risk analysis, and structuring tools to unlock investment opportunities for various asset classes. Founded in 2012, T-REX has developed partnerships with some of the leading investment banking institutions. By using T-REX’s secure, proprietary platform, investors, asset managers, and developers are empowered to efficiently and transparently finance, securitize, and manage their assets.
T-REX is a Fintech company with the mission to increase standardization, provide efficiency, prioritize transparency and enhance compliance, all while lowering costs for our customers, which include a global set of investors, bankers, and finance professionals. T-REX’s secure, enterprise SaaS-based analytics, risk, and portfolio management platform standardizes and provides transparency to the complex structured products evaluation process, increasing liquidity and creating significant investment opportunities for the hundreds of billions of dollars of capital across various esoteric, non-commoditized asset classes.
Our people and systems bridge the gap between institutional investors and developers and lenders to facilitate growth. From offices in New York and Tel Aviv, T-REX gathers world-class expertise in finance, renewables, and technology to support the development of sustainable, market-driven economics.









Change this in Theme Options
Change this in Theme Options









SIGN IN






























 



T-REX Platform | T-REX Group, Inc.






























































 







 


 
T-REX Analytics Client Login
T-REX Analytics Demo Request

 


























ABS & Energy Project Finance
Financial modeling tools for structuring and valuation
Marketplace for pricing, liquidity, and deal sourcing
















The T-REX platform connects the buy side and the sell side in PACE and solar. T-REX provides market participants with software tools to efficiently and transparently finance, securitize, and manage their assets.


Comprehensive Cash Flow Analytics
T-REX Analytics allows developers and asset managers to easily stress both production and credit risk parameters driving projects cash flows, including:



Power Production
Degradation
Expenses
Power Purchase Agreement Rates
Defaults
Prepayments



Understanding how assets perform under any set of customized scenarios permits asset owners to better assess risks and returns.


Analytics and Structuring for Capital Markets Transactions
Fixed-income investors have historically lacked the tools necessary to adequately assess the risks of solar assets, hampering large-scale investments in this rapidly growing space. T-REX Analytics permits fixed-income investors to analyze, assess, and accurately price the risk associated with investing in renewable energy, PACE, and other asset classes.
 
T-REX Analytics can be used to:





Structure customized debt tranches backed by portfolios of solar assets
Create capital structures for the securitization of renewable energy assets
Determine the present value of cash flows generated by solar assets under user-defined assumptions and discount rates
Solve for the yield of a specific tranche in a securitization transaction, given a pre-determined price (and vice versa)
Value the residual cash flows from a portfolio of solar asset backed securities
Calculate the amortization schedule, coupon rate, yield, principal window, and average life of any tranche in the capital stack of a solar-backed securitization transaction





To learn more or to schedule a demo of T-REX Analytics, email us.









Change this in Theme Options
Change this in Theme Options









SIGN IN





























 



Contact | T-REX Group, Inc.






























































 







 


 
T-REX Analytics Client Login
T-REX Analytics Demo Request

 




























214 W 29th Street, 17th Floor
New York, NY 10001

212.256.1285


Yigal Alon 65, 22nd Floor
Tel Aviv, Israel

212.256.1285


Contact Us







Change this in Theme Options
Change this in Theme Options









SIGN IN





























 



Demo Request | T-REX Group, Inc.





























































 







 


 
T-REX Analytics Client Login
T-REX Analytics Demo Request

 


























With T-REX Analytics, you can analyze, assess, and accurately price the risk associated with investing in renewables. Easily stress both power production and credit risk parameters driving cash flows. T-REX enables its clients to efficiently and transparently securitize, invest in, and manage renewable energy assets.






Request a Demo
Request a demo by filling out your information below. if you prefer, you can always give us a call.



What is the best way to reach you?












FIRST NAME



LAST NAME



EMAIL



PHONE NUMBER



COMPANY



DESCRIBE YOUR BUSINESS:
Choose the option that best describes your businessAccountantBankerConsultantDeveloperDeveloper & AcquirerDeveloper & Asset ManagerIndependent EngineerInvestorLawyerLender(Bank)Lender(Fund)Potential PartnerRating Agency 





 
Close



Your message has been successfully sent!
















Change this in Theme Options
Change this in Theme Options









SIGN IN




























 



T-REX Finance | T-REX Group, Inc.






























































 







 


 
T-REX Analytics Client Login
T-REX Analytics Demo Request

 


























Finance
Capital markets and structuring expertise
for the renewable energy industry










T-REX Finance’s deep experience in structured finance, risk management, deal origination, deal structuring, and renewable energy asset analytics helps deliver innovative capital markets solutions to the renewable energy industry.


T-REX works with solar asset developers and institutional investors to build debt capital structures tailored to each developer’s portfolio of assets and delivers it in a form familiar to and readily investible by investors historically focused on asset-backed securities.



Why  choose to invest in  renewable energy?

Dramatic growth. Solar alone is expected to require over $70 billion in capital by 2020.
High yields and stable returns propel investor interest in solar-backed securities.



Why is T-REX the best partner for you?




T-REX seamlessly connects
the solar industry with capital markets. We are building the financial infrastructure to facilitate a robust and transparent asset class and broaden the investor base.



T-REX helps capitalize
 on the tremendous opportunities in the renewable energy sector and creates vehicles for investing in assets with excellent credit quality, high risk-adjusted returns, and long duration.



T-REX supports
the goals of the issuer and the investor by using our powerful and proprietary analytics software to increase price discovery, reduce risk premiums, and guide all parties through every step of the securitization process. 



T-REX provides
scalability of debt finance vehicles for issuers. Securitizations are designed to be repeatable and scalable. Once internal processes are established, issuers enjoy efficient execution in accessing low-cost, long-term debt capital.









Change this in Theme Options
Change this in Theme Options









SIGN IN





























 



T-REX Group, Inc. | 



























































 







 


 
T-REX Analytics Client Login
T-REX Analytics Demo Request

 





























Empowering Efficient Finance

T-REX's industry-leading SaaS platform provides tools for valuation, risk analysis, and structuring, and a marketplace to facilitate liquidity in PACE, solar, and other esoteric markets.






Empowering Efficient Finance

T-REX's industry-leading SaaS platform provides tools for valuation, risk analysis, and structuring, and a marketplace to facilitate liquidity in PACE, solar, and other esoteric markets.












	        Product Offering
        

Deep expertise in core markets, structured finance, and enterprise software.











Structuring
Financial tools for the sell-side




Structuring
T-REX is designed for clients to structure all parts of a project or portfolio’s capital stack, together or in isolation.  The platform is built to structure securities, projects, and whole loans sales (PACE assessments, PPAs, leases, bonds, leverage, partnership flip funds, etc.). 












Valuation
Financial tools for the buy-side




Valuation
The financial tools provided via T-REX are designed to perform all, but not limited to, the following actions:
•	Valuation (single asset and portfolio valuation analysis)
•	Multi-variable scenario analysis
•	Analytics and reporting: cash flow analysis, development fee analysis, IRR and DCF analysis, capital account management and cash waterfall analysis.












Liquidity
Price discovery and marketplace to connect buy-side and sell-side




Liquidity
The T-REX platform's marketplace and secure model sharing facilitates introductions between buyers and sellers, expediting initial deal screening and execution while increasing quality deal volume. 















Structuring
Financial tools for the sell-side

more info



Structuring
T-REX is designed for clients to structure all parts of a project or portfolio’s capital stack, together or in isolation.  The platform is built to structure securities, projects, and whole loans sales (PACE assessments, PPAs, leases, bonds, leverage, partnership flip funds, etc.). 



 



Valuation
Financial tools for the buy-side

more info



Valuation
The financial tools provided via T-REX are designed to perform all, but not limited to, the following actions:
•	Valuation (single asset and portfolio valuation analysis)
•	Multi-variable scenario analysis
•	Analytics and reporting: cash flow analysis, development fee analysis, IRR and DCF analysis, capital account management and cash waterfall analysis.



 



Liquidity
Price discovery and marketplace to connect buy-side and sell-side

more info



Liquidity
The T-REX platform's marketplace and secure model sharing facilitates introductions between buyers and sellers, expediting initial deal screening and execution while increasing quality deal volume. 



  











Change this in Theme Options
Change this in Theme Options









SIGN IN





























 



Careers | T-REX Group, Inc.






























































 







 


 
T-REX Analytics Client Login
T-REX Analytics Demo Request

 


























Careers
Be challenged. Make an impact. Work hard to change the world.









About T-REX
Our Team
Careers
 

Do you want to work in FinTech or Renewables and are you also motivated to change the world? At T-REX, you’ll find smart, experienced people, huge opportunities, and a team that works hard to advance renewables while making finance more transparent.
Within T-REX, we are building a culture as innovative as our services. At the intersection between the finance, tech, and renewables industries, our culture encourages leadership, impact, and ingenuity. We want people on our team who will become integral players in our mission to facilitate growth and change the world.
Leadership: taking ownership, speaking up, thinking forward, empowering others, and being someone others can look to and rely on.
Impact: seeking a significant, tangible effect within the team, within T-REX, and within the renewables industry as a whole.
Ingenuity: finding clever and inventive solutions to problems, and embracing the process of creative thinking both individually and collectively to go from challenge to solution.
In order to facilitate growth and change the world, it is important that we invest in financial, natural, and human capital within the company, as well as externally, to be successful. We pride ourselves on offering our employees extensive health benefits, a generous vacation policy, paid cell phone, public transportation coverage, and other life benefits. We want to make sure every employee has the tools, resources, and knowledge to grow with the company.


New York 



Director, Product
T-REX is looking for an experienced Product Management professional to lead the Product team. We are looking for someone with 10+ years of experience in enterprise SaaS Product Management, ideally in fintech.
The job description will be posted soon. Please reach out to torie.runzel@trexgroup.com if you would like to be considered for the opportunity.





Manager, Marketing and Communications




T-REX is seeking a Manager, Marketing and Communications to be responsible for the public facing image of T-REX, working closely with the Client Development and Operations teams. The ideal candidate will have a mix of creativity, enthusiasm, and self-drive, as well as exceptional writing skills. This is an excellent opportunity for someone who is passionate about marketing and public relations and who thrives in an entrepreneurial environment.
Full job description can be found by opening or downloading the PDF below:
Manager, Marketing and Communications









Client Development, Securitization
T-REX is seeking an experienced sales professional to join its growing Client Development team. We are looking for someone with ABS and/or enterprise software sales experience who has consistently exceeded expectations. This person will be responsible for driving new revenue, manage complex sales cycles, and business planning.
Full job description can be found by opening or downloading the PDF below:
Client Development, Securitization
 





Chief [Client] Experience Officer
T-REX is looking for a Chief [Client] Experience Officer to drive revenue growth, enhance the client experience, and ensure that the product remains relevant and ahead of market needs for our client groups. This team member will report to the CEO and act as strategic thought partner in revenue growth, product adoption, and client engagement and retention. 
Full job description can be found by opening or downloading the PDF below:
Chief Experience Officer





Chief Operating Officer
T-REX has achieved product-market fit and rapid early-stage adoption of its core enterprise SaaS platform. We are seeking a proven, versatile, and eager COO to build out the operational systems of the company in order to drive the exponential revenue growth the company is poised for.
Full job description can be found by opening or downloading the PDF below:
Chief Operating Officer





Product Manager, Securitization
T-REX is seeking a Product Manager to take ownership of T-REX’s Loan Modeling and Bond Structuring solutions.  The ideal candidate is an enterprise SaaS product manager with fixed-income or structured finance experience in a large financial institution and a strong knowledge of cash flow modeling.
Full job description can be found by opening or downloading the PDF below:
Product Manager, Securitization





Executive Assistant to CEO & Office Manager
For the Executive team, we are looking for an individual who can be organized, forward-thinking, and work to keep our CEO focused on the strategic initiatives for T-REX. This position is a combination of working to keep T-REX’s CEO focused on operating the company by handling day-to-day business for him, working on projects for the leadership team, as needed, and managing the office operations. You will have a front row seat of running a fast-paced start-up, while gaining experience working on projects cross-functionally.
Full job-description can be found by downloading the PDF below:
Executive Assistant Job Description




Tel Aviv 



Senior QA, Enterprise SaaS
T-REX is seeking a Senior QA for our Enterprise SaaS platform, T-REX Analytics. This team member will evaluate, oversee, and implement testing strategies, develop and execute exploratory tests, ensuring a seamless user experience for our clients. Armed with significant experience in QA testing and methodologies, the Senior QA will be crucial to delivering a polished and functional product to T-REX’s clients.
Full job description can be found by opening or downloading the PDF below:
Senior QA, Enterprise SaaS





Full-Stack Developer, Enterprise SaaS
T-REX is seeking a Full-Stack Developer to design front-end and server-side components of our SaaS platform, T-REX Analytics.  This person will aid in building a server infrastructure that can support complex financial calculations as well as designing and implementing front-end components.  Armed with experience in both front-end and back-end development and the ingenuity to design solutions to complex requirements, T-REX’s Full-Stack Developer will help to create a unique product and experience for our clients.
Full job description can be found by downloading the PDF below:
Full-Stack Developer, Enterprise SaaS












Change this in Theme Options
Change this in Theme Options









SIGN IN






























 



T-REX Group, Inc. | 



























































 







 


 
T-REX Analytics Client Login
T-REX Analytics Demo Request

 





























Empowering Efficient Finance

T-REX's industry-leading SaaS platform provides tools for valuation, risk analysis, and structuring, and a marketplace to facilitate liquidity in PACE, solar, and other esoteric markets.






Empowering Efficient Finance

T-REX's industry-leading SaaS platform provides tools for valuation, risk analysis, and structuring, and a marketplace to facilitate liquidity in PACE, solar, and other esoteric markets.












	        Product Offering
        

Deep expertise in core markets, structured finance, and enterprise software.











Structuring
Financial tools for the sell-side




Structuring
T-REX is designed for clients to structure all parts of a project or portfolio’s capital stack, together or in isolation.  The platform is built to structure securities, projects, and whole loans sales (PACE assessments, PPAs, leases, bonds, leverage, partnership flip funds, etc.). 












Valuation
Financial tools for the buy-side




Valuation
The financial tools provided via T-REX are designed to perform all, but not limited to, the following actions:
•	Valuation (single asset and portfolio valuation analysis)
•	Multi-variable scenario analysis
•	Analytics and reporting: cash flow analysis, development fee analysis, IRR and DCF analysis, capital account management and cash waterfall analysis.












Liquidity
Price discovery and marketplace to connect buy-side and sell-side




Liquidity
The T-REX platform's marketplace and secure model sharing facilitates introductions between buyers and sellers, expediting initial deal screening and execution while increasing quality deal volume. 















Structuring
Financial tools for the sell-side

more info



Structuring
T-REX is designed for clients to structure all parts of a project or portfolio’s capital stack, together or in isolation.  The platform is built to structure securities, projects, and whole loans sales (PACE assessments, PPAs, leases, bonds, leverage, partnership flip funds, etc.). 



 



Valuation
Financial tools for the buy-side

more info



Valuation
The financial tools provided via T-REX are designed to perform all, but not limited to, the following actions:
•	Valuation (single asset and portfolio valuation analysis)
•	Multi-variable scenario analysis
•	Analytics and reporting: cash flow analysis, development fee analysis, IRR and DCF analysis, capital account management and cash waterfall analysis.



 



Liquidity
Price discovery and marketplace to connect buy-side and sell-side

more info



Liquidity
The T-REX platform's marketplace and secure model sharing facilitates introductions between buyers and sellers, expediting initial deal screening and execution while increasing quality deal volume. 



  











Change this in Theme Options
Change this in Theme Options









SIGN IN





























