






























Trian Partners Parallel Fund I Sells 5,500,000 Shares of Wendy’s Company (The) (NASDAQ:WEN) Stock - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Wendy's Company (The)
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Wendy's Company (The) with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

$2.00 Earnings Per Share Expected for Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (NYSE:GPI) This Quarter
$1.30 EPS Expected for EQT Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:EQM) This Quarter
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) to Post $0.51 EPS
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR)
Eastern Bank Has $14.98 Million Stake in Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)
Swiss National Bank Purchases 20,700 Shares of Heron Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:HRTX)
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position Maintained by Moon Capital Management LLC
Callahan Advisors LLC Has $736,000 Position in AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (NYSE:ST)
D. Scott Neal Inc. Has $209,000 Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 36,553 Shares of Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE)
Sandstorm Gold Ltd (NASDAQ:SAND) Stake Maintained by Swiss National Bank
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Boosts Position in Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (TCBI)
Karp Capital Management Corp Purchases New Position in First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO)
Karp Capital Management Corp Takes Position in WesBanco, Inc. (WSBC)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 7 Shares of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Acquires 21,720 Shares of Essendant Inc. (ESND)
Brandywine Trust Co. Continues to Hold Position in The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC)
Sprott Inc. Sells 1,650 Shares of Medtronic PLC (MDT)
Quaker Chemical Corporation (KWR) Stake Increased by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC



 


Trian Partners Parallel Fund I Sells 5,500,000 Shares of Wendy’s Company (The) (NASDAQ:WEN) Stock

					Posted by Brenda Bartman on Jul 7th, 2017 // No Comments 



Wendy’s Company (The) (NASDAQ:WEN) major shareholder Trian Partners Parallel Fund I sold 5,500,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, June 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.97, for a total transaction of $87,835,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Large shareholders that own more than 10% of a company’s stock are required to disclose their transactions with the SEC.
Shares of Wendy’s Company (NASDAQ WEN) opened at 15.44 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $15.79 and a 200 day moving average of $14.33. Wendy’s Company has a 52 week low of $9.33 and a 52 week high of $16.66. The firm has a market cap of $3.79 billion, a PE ratio of 31.32 and a beta of 0.97. 


 Get Wendy's Company (The) alerts:



Wendy’s Company (The) (NASDAQ:WEN) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The restaurant operator reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $285.82 million during the quarter. Wendy’s Company (The) had a net margin of 9.43% and a return on equity of 16.31%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 24.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.11 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Wendy’s Company will post $0.46 EPS for the current fiscal year. 




The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 1st were given a $0.07 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.81%. Wendy’s Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 58.33%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally  reported by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/07/wendys-co-wen-major-shareholder-trian-partners-parallel-fund-i-sells-5500000-shares-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of  Wendy’s Company (The) by 11,068.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 15,391,009 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $209,472,000 after buying an additional 15,253,200 shares in the last quarter.  Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its position in  Wendy’s Company (The) by 81.5% in the first quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 7,825,768 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $106,509,000 after buying an additional 3,512,866 shares during the period.  Mik Capital LLC acquired a new position in  Wendy’s Company (The) during the third quarter valued at $27,827,000.  Norges Bank acquired a new position in  Wendy’s Company (The) during the fourth quarter valued at $22,615,000.  Finally, Two Sigma Investments LP raised its position in  Wendy’s Company (The) by 713.9% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 1,097,891 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $14,843,000 after buying an additional 962,992 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  77.32% of the company’s stock. 
Several analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wendy’s Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. BMO Capital Markets assumed coverage on shares of Wendy’s Company (The) in a research note on Friday, April 21st. They set an “outperform” rating and a $17.00 price objective for the company. Vetr cut shares of Wendy’s Company (The) from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $16.92 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Barclays PLC upped their price objective on shares of Wendy’s Company (The) from $17.00 to $18.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. Finally, BidaskClub cut shares of Wendy’s Company (The) from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 13th. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued  a buy rating to the stock. Wendy’s Company (The) presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $14.93.
Wendy’s Company (The) Company Profile
The Wendy’s Company is the parent company of subsidiary holding company Wendy’s Restaurants, LLC (Wendy’s Restaurants). Wendy’s Restaurants is the parent company of Wendy’s International, LLC (Wendy’s), which is the owner and franchisor of the Wendy’s restaurant system in the United States. Wendy’s is a restaurant company specializing in the hamburger sandwich segment.






Receive News & Ratings for Wendy's Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendy's Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




$2.00 Earnings Per Share Expected for Group 1 Automotive, Inc.  This Quarter





Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Charter Communications, Inc. 





Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.  to Post $0.51 EPS





$1.30 EPS Expected for EQT Midstream Partners, LP  This Quarter





Eastern Bank Has $14.98 Million Stake in Microsoft Corporation 





D. Scott Neal Inc. Has $209,000 Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 







































 



Trian Partners Nominates Four Highly Qualified Candidates for Election to DuPont Board | Business Wire


























































Trian Partners Nominates Four Highly Qualified Candidates for 
      Election to DuPont Board




Referendum On Performance


DuPont Board Has Not Held Management Accountable For 
      Repeatedly Missing Promised Revenue And Earnings Targets


Newly Revealed Poor Corporate Governance At Chemours Shows Board 
      Disconnect From DuPont Stockholders








January 08, 2015 06:45 PM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Trian Fund Management, L.P. (“Trian”), one of the largest stockholders 
      of E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (NYSE: DD) (“DuPont”), announced 
      today that it has nominated four highly qualified candidates for 
      election to the DuPont Board of Directors at the 2015 Annual Meeting of 
      Stockholders. Investment funds managed by Trian currently beneficially 
      own an aggregate of approximately 24.4 million DuPont shares valued at 
      approximately $1.8 billion.
    

      Trian believes long-term success requires each of DuPont’s business 
      segments to achieve best-in-class operating metrics. Despite 
      management’s rhetoric about the value of “integrated science,” the 
      reality is that DuPont is struggling operationally: 1) earnings per 
      share are down since 2011; 2) organic revenue growth and margins have 
      underperformed peers in five of the Company’s seven segments; and 3) 
      management has lowered and/or missed its own guidance to Wall Street for 
      the third year in a row while consistently failing to achieve the 
      revenue and margin targets presented at DuPont’s 2011 Investor Day.
    

      Trian believes the DuPont Board has not held management accountable for 
      continuing underperformance and repeated failures to deliver publicly 
      stated revenue and earnings targets. In addition, Trian believes the 
      DuPont Board’s recent decision to spin-off Chemours, its Performance 
      Chemicals segment, with poor corporate governance and punitive 
      anti-takeover measures -- including a classified board, no stockholder 
      action by written consent, an 80% supermajority vote required for 
      stockholders to amend Chemours’ by-laws or certain provisions of its 
      certificate of incorporation (including those relating to the election, 
      classification and nomination of directors), and a high 35% threshold of 
      stockholders to call a special meeting -- shows a disconnect from 
      stockholders. Trian believes it is time for new perspectives and robust 
      oversight from the DuPont Board. Trian is therefore nominating a 
      minority slate of four directors with extensive operating, strategic and 
      financial experience and a history of generating long-term shareholder 
      value to work with the continuing directors to achieve the great 
      potential of this iconic company.
    

      Trian’s four highly qualified director nominees are:
    


        Nelson Peltz, Chief Executive Officer and a Founding Partner of Trian 
        and a director of Mondelēz International, Inc., The Wendy’s Company 
        and The Madison Square Garden Company
      

        John H. Myers, former President and Chief Executive Officer of GE 
        Asset Management and currently a director of Legg Mason, Inc.
      

        Arthur B. Winkleblack, former Executive Vice President and Chief 
        Financial Officer of H.J. Heinz Company and currently a director of 
        RTI International Metals, Inc. and Church & Dwight Co., Inc.
      

        Robert J. Zatta, Acting Chief Executive Officer and long-time Chief 
        Financial Officer of Rockwood Holdings, Inc., a leading global 
        developer, manufacturer, and marketer of specialty chemicals
      


      In a letter to DuPont’s Board on September 16, 2014, a copy of which 
      will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 9, 
      2015, Trian outlined five reasons for DuPont’s persistent 
      underperformance: 1) excessive holding company costs; 2) overwhelming 
      complexity; 3) bureaucracy and a lack of management accountability; 4) 
      inefficient capital structure; and 5) a persistent conglomerate discount 
      to its share price. In the letter, Trian proposed a separation of DuPont 
      into GrowthCo (Agriculture, Nutrition and Health, Industrial 
      Biosciences) and CyclicalCo/CashCo (Performance Materials, Safety and 
      Protection, Electronics and Communications), in addition to separating 
      Performance Chemicals.
    

      Trian views a separation as a means to an end:
    


        Elimination of an entire layer of corporate overhead
      

        Elimination of corporate bureaucracy in order to empower management, 
        assure accountability, speed decision making, create focus and reduce 
        complexity
      

        Catalyst for a “clean slate” to design the ideal cost structure 
        through “zero-based budgeting”
      

        More accountability on returns on research and development
      

        High probability of valuation multiple re-rating
      


      Trian believes a separation would greatly increase the likelihood that 
      the individual businesses will eliminate the operational gap versus 
      peers. The substantial increase in profitability at Axalta Coatings 
      Systems (DuPont’s former Performance Coatings business) following its 
      sale to a private equity firm in 2013, as detailed in Trian’s September 
      16, 2014 letter, is a powerful example of the benefits of focus and the 
      excessive costs incurred by DuPont. Nevertheless, Trian does not intend 
      this election to be a referendum on separating the businesses, but 
      rather a referendum on DuPont’s performance. If elected to the Board, 
      the Trian nominees will seek to work collaboratively with the other 
      Board members to determine whether value can be optimized in the current 
      structure or through a separation.
    

      DuPont is one of Trian’s largest investments. Trian has a strong vested 
      interest in DuPont’s future and takes pride in its reputation as a 
      long-term shareholder with a history of designing and implementing 
      value-added strategic and operating initiatives at many companies. Trian 
      has been patient, giving management more than a year and a half to prove 
      it could achieve its publicly stated financial goals. Trian believes all 
      stockholders will benefit from the election of Trian’s nominees who will 
      stimulate robust dialogue and enhanced engagement in the board room.
    

Trian’s Director NomineesBiographies for each nominee 
      follow:
    

Nelson Peltz has served as Chief Executive Officer and a founding 
      partner of Trian, an asset management company for various investment 
      funds and accounts, since its formation in 2005. Mr. Peltz has served as 
      a director of The Wendy’s Company, the second-largest quick-service 
      hamburger company in North America, since 1993 and non-executive 
      Chairman since 2007. Mr. Peltz has also served as a director of Mondelēz 
      International, Inc., a global snacking powerhouse, since January 2014, 
      and as a director of The Madison Square Garden Company, a sports, 
      entertainment and media company, since December 2014. Mr. Peltz served 
      on the board of directors of Ingersoll-Rand plc, a global diversified 
      industrial company, from 2012 to June 2014. From 2006 until June 2013, 
      Mr. Peltz served as a director of H.J. Heinz Company. From 2009 until 
      December 2014, Mr. Peltz served as a director of Legg Mason, Inc. and 
      served as Chair of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
      from 2013 until December 2014.
    

      From 1993 until 2007, Mr. Peltz was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
      of Triarc Companies, Inc. (now known as The Wendy’s Company), which, 
      during that period, owned Arby's Restaurant Group, Inc. and Snapple 
      Beverage Group, as well as other consumer and industrial businesses. He 
      was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and a director of Triangle 
      Industries, Inc., from 1983 until December 1988, when it was acquired by 
      Pechiney, S.A., a leading international metals and packaging company. At 
      the time of its acquisition, Triangle was a Fortune 100 industrial 
      company, which through its subsidiaries, was a manufacturer of packaging 
      products (through American National Can Company), copper electrical wire 
      and cable and steel conduit and currency and coin handling products. 
      From 2003 to 2006, Peltz served as a director of Encore Capital Group, 
      Inc., a leading provider of debt management and recovery solutions. From 
      1996 to 1999, he was Chairman of the Board of National Propane 
      Corporation, the managing general partner of National Propane Partners, 
      L.P., a distributor of liquefied petroleum gas which was sold to the 
      Columbia Energy Group. From 1984 until 1992, he was Chairman and Chief 
      Executive Officer and a director of Avery, Inc. which, from 1986 to 
      1989, was primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of specialty 
      chemicals through Uniroyal Chemical, which was sold in a management 
      buyout. Mr. Peltz began his business career in 1963 when he joined his 
      family food business.
    

      Through Mr. Peltz’s 40 years of experience in investing, turning around 
      and building companies, he has developed strong operating experience and 
      strategic planning skills that will benefit DuPont’s operational 
      initiatives and its long-term strategy. Trian believes the attributes, 
      skills and qualifications that Mr. Peltz possesses through his 
      experience as a hands-on executive and active board member on numerous 
      boards will provide DuPont and its Board with valuable industry 
      knowledge and management experience.
    

John H. Myers is the former President and Chief Executive Officer 
      of GE Asset Management, an institutional asset management subsidiary of 
      General Electric Company, who spent almost a decade in that role and a 
      total of over 35 years in various management positions at General 
      Electric. At GE Asset Management, Mr. Myers was responsible for 
      approximately $200 billion in assets under management for clients 
      including General Electric’s pension funds, 401(k) plans, mutual funds 
      and insurance companies, as well as for more than 200 external 
      institutional clients.
    

      Mr. Myers has served as a director of Legg Mason, Inc. since June 2013 
      and served as a director of Hilton Hotels Corporation, a leading global 
      hospitality company, from 2000 to 2007.
    

      Trian believes Mr. Myers’ qualifications to serve on DuPont’s Board 
      include the knowledge and experience he has gained while serving in 
      various management positions for over 35 years with General Electric. In 
      addition, he gained extensive financial and leadership experience 
      serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Asset Management 
      and through his experience as a director of Legg Mason, Inc. and as a 
      former director of Hilton Hotels Corporation.
    

Arthur B. Winkleblack was Executive Vice President and Chief 
      Financial Officer of H.J. Heinz Company, a global packaged food 
      manufacturer, from 2002 until June 2013, where he worked to implement 
      the strategic initiatives required to transform the company into a more 
      streamlined and focused business and leverage the company’s world-class 
      portfolio of powerful brands. Mr. Winkleblack currently serves on the 
      Board of Directors of Church & Dwight Co., Inc., a major manufacturer of 
      household products such as Arm & Hammer, which he joined in 2008, and 
      RTI International Metals, Inc., a leading vertically integrated global 
      supplier of advanced titanium and specialty metal products, which he 
      joined in December 2013. In addition, Mr. Winkleblack has held senior 
      finance positions at C. Dean Metropoulos & Co., the consumer products 
      arm of Hicks, Muse, Tate and Furst, a private equity firm, from 1998 
      until 1999, Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, the world's largest 
      regional theme park company, from 1996 until 1998, AlliedSignal, Inc., 
      which has since merged with Honeywell International, Inc., a 
      multinational conglomerate that produced a variety of commercial and 
      consumer products, engineering services and aerospace systems, from 1994 
      until 1996 and PepsiCo, Inc., a multinational food and beverage 
      corporation, from 1982 until 1994.
    

      Trian believes Mr. Winkleblack’s substantial executive experience, 
      including more than 10 years of service as Executive Vice President and 
      Chief Financial Officer of H.J. Heinz Company, provides him with 
      knowledgeable perspectives on strategic planning, international 
      operations, acquisitions and divestitures and cost and financial 
      controls. In addition, his experience as CFO of a large multinational 
      company will enable him to bring important perspectives to the Board on 
      compliance, risk management and public reporting.
    

Robert J. Zatta has been acting Chief Executive Officer of 
      Rockwood Holdings, Inc., a leading global developer, manufacturer and 
      marketer of specialty chemicals, since July 2014, and has served as 
      Chief Financial Officer since April 2001. Mr. Zatta was instrumental in 
      leading the turnaround and transformation of Rockwood Holdings, Inc., 
      which resulted in its pending acquisition by Albemarle Corporation in a 
      transaction expected to close in the first quarter of 2015. Prior to 
      joining Rockwood, Mr. Zatta spent 12 years with the Campbell Soup 
      Company, where he held several significant financial management 
      positions, most recently Vice President responsible for Corporate 
      Development and Strategic Planning. Prior to joining Campbell Soup 
      Company in 1990, he worked for General Foods Corporation and Thomas J. 
      Lipton, Inc.
    

      Trian believes Mr. Zatta’s extensive experience in the specialty 
      chemical sector will allow him to bring valuable industry experience to 
      the DuPont Board. In addition, Trian believes that DuPont’s Board will 
      benefit from Mr. Zatta’s expertise in operations, strategic planning, 
      cost and financial controls and public company reporting, which he has 
      developed through his experience as a senior executive at several global 
      companies.
    

About Trian Fund Management, L.P.


      Founded in 2005 by Nelson Peltz, Peter May and Ed Garden, Trian seeks to 
      invest in high quality but undervalued and under-performing public 
      companies and to work constructively with the management and boards of 
      those companies to significantly enhance shareholder value for all 
      shareholders through a combination of improved operational execution, 
      strategic re-direction, more efficient capital allocation and increased 
      focus.
    

The views expressed in this press release represent the opinions of 
      Trian Fund Management, L.P. (“Trian”) and 
      the investment funds it manages (collectively, Trian with such funds, “Trian 
      Partners”), and are based on publicly available information with 
      respect to E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (the “Company”). 
      Trian Partners recognizes that there may be confidential information in 
      the possession of the Company that could lead it to disagree with Trian 
      Partners’ conclusions. Trian Partners reserves the right to change any 
      of its opinions expressed herein at any time as it deems appropriate. 
      Trian Partners disclaims any obligation to update the information or 
      opinions contained in this press release.


Certain financial projections and statements made herein have been 
      derived or obtained from filings made with the Securities and Exchange 
      Commission (“SEC”) or other regulatory 
      authorities and from other third party reports. Neither Trian Partners 
      nor any of its affiliates shall be responsible or have any liability for 
      any misinformation contained in any third party SEC or other regulatory 
      filing or third party report. There is no assurance or guarantee with 
      respect to the prices at which any securities of the Company will trade, 
      and such securities may not trade at prices that may be implied herein. 
      The estimates, projections and potential impact of the opportunities 
      identified by Trian Partners herein are based on assumptions that Trian 
      Partners believes to be reasonable as of the date of this press release, 
      but there can be no assurance or guarantee that actual results or 
      performance of the Company will not differ, and such differences may be 
      material.


This press release is provided merely as information and is not 
      intended to be, nor should it be construed as, an offer to sell or a 
      solicitation of an offer to buy any security. This press release does 
      not recommend the purchase or sale of any security. Funds managed by 
      Trian currently beneficially own, and/or have an economic interest in, 
      shares of the Company. These funds are in the business of trading – 
      buying and selling– securities. It is possible that there will be 
      developments in the future that cause one or more of such funds from 
      time to time to sell all or a portion of their holdings of the Company 
      in open market transactions or otherwise (including via short sales), 
      buy additional shares (in open market or privately negotiated 
      transactions or otherwise), or trade in options, puts, calls or other 
      derivative instruments relating to such shares.


Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements


This press release contains forward-looking statements. All 
      statements contained in this press release that are not clearly 
      historical in nature or that necessarily depend on future events are 
      forward-looking, and the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” 
      “potential,” “opportunity,” “estimate,” “plan,” and similar expressions 
      are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. The 
      projected results and statements contained in this press release that 
      are not historical facts are based on current expectations, speak only 
      as of the date of this press release and involve risks, uncertainties 
      and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or 
      achievements to be materially different from any future results, 
      performance or achievements expressed or implied by such projected 
      results and statements. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve 
      judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, 
      competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of 
      which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of 
      which are beyond the control of Trian Partners. Although Trian Partners 
      believes that the assumptions underlying the projected results or 
      forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this press 
      release, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and therefore, there 
      can be no assurance that the projected results or forward-looking 
      statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. In 
      light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the projected results 
      and forward-looking statements included in this press release, the 
      inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation 
      as to future results or that the objectives and strategic initiatives 
      expressed or implied by such projected results and forward-looking 
      statements will be achieved. Trian Partners will not undertake and 
      specifically declines any obligation to disclose the results of any 
      revisions that may be made to any projected results or forward-looking 
      statements in this press release to reflect events or circumstances 
      after the date of such projected results or statements or to reflect the 
      occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.


Additional Information


Trian Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“Trian 
      Onshore”), Trian Partners Strategic Investment Fund, L.P., a 
      Delaware limited partnership (“Strategic”), 
      and Trian Partners Strategic Investment Fund II, L.P., a Delaware 
      limited partnership (“Strategic II,” 
      and collectively with Trian Onshore and Strategic, the “Trian 
      Funds”), together with the other participants identified below, 
      intend to file with the SEC a proxy statement and an accompanying proxy 
      card to be used to solicit proxies in connection with the 2015 Annual 
      Meeting of Stockholders of the Company, including any adjournments or 
      postponements thereof or any special meeting that may be called in lieu 
      thereof (the “2015 Annual Meeting”). 
      Information relating to the participants in such proxy solicitation has 
      been included below. Stockholders are advised to read the definitive 
      proxy statement and any other documents related to the solicitation of 
      stockholders of the Company in connection with the 2015 Annual Meeting 
      when they become available because they will contain important 
      information, including additional information relating to the 
      participants in such proxy solicitation. When completed and available, 
      the Trian Funds’ definitive proxy statement and a form of proxy will be 
      mailed to stockholders of the Company. These materials and other 
      materials filed by the Trian Funds in connection with the solicitation 
      of proxies will be available at no charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 
      The definitive proxy statement (when available) and other relevant 
      documents filed by the Trian Funds with the SEC will also be available, 
      without charge, by directing a request by mail, telephone or email to 
      Trian’s proxy solicitor, MacKenzie Partners, 105 Madison Avenue, New 
      York, New York 10016 (call collect: (212) 959-5500; call toll free: 
      (800) 322-2885) or email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com.


Participants in Solicitation


The potential participants in the proxy solicitation in connection 
      with the 2015 Annual Meeting are anticipated to include the Trian Funds, 
      Trian Partners Master Fund, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership (“Trian 
      Offshore”), Trian Partners Parallel Fund I, L.P., a Delaware 
      limited partnership (“Parallel Fund I”), 
      Trian Partners Master Fund (ERISA), L.P., a Cayman Islands limited 
      partnership (“Trian ERISA”), Trian Partners 
      Strategic Investment Fund-A, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“Strategic 
      Fund-A”), Trian Partners Strategic Investment Fund-D, L.P., a 
      Cayman Islands limited partnership (“Strategic 
      Fund-D”), Trian SPV (SUB) VIII, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited 
      partnership (“SPV VIII”), Trian Partners 
      Fund (Sub)-G, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“Trian 
      Fund-G”), Trian Partners Fund (Sub)-G II, L.P., a Delaware 
      limited partnership (“Trian Fund G-II,” and 
      together with the Trian Funds, Trian Offshore, Parallel Fund I, Trian 
      ERISA, Strategic Fund-A, Strategic Fund-D, SPV VIII, Trian Fund-G and 
      Trian Fund G-II, the “Funds”), Trian, Trian 
      Fund Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Trian 
      Management GP”), Nelson Peltz, Peter W. May, Edward P. Garden 
      John H. Myers, Arthur B. Winkleblack and Robert J. Zatta.


Trian Management GP is the general partner of Trian, which serves as 
      the management company for each of the Funds. Trian Management GP is 
      controlled by Nelson Peltz, Peter W. May and Edward P. Garden. Each of 
      Trian, Trian Management GP and Messrs. Peltz, May and Garden (together 
      with the Funds, the “Trian Group”), by 
      virtue of their relationships to the Funds, may be deemed to have shared 
      voting power and shared dispositive power with regard to, and therefore 
      may be deemed to beneficially own (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 
      under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange 
      Act”)) the Shares owned by the Funds.


As of the date of this press release, the members of the Trian Group 
      beneficially own (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange 
      Act) an aggregate of 24,428,084 Shares. Of those 24,428,084 Shares, each 
      of Trian Onshore, Strategic and Strategic II owns 100 Shares in record 
      name.





Contacts

Media:Trian Fund Management, L.P.Anne A. Tarbell, 
      212-451-3030atarbell@trianpartners.comorSard 
      Verbinnen & CoGeorge Sard, 212-687-8080gsard@SARDVERB.comorSard 
      Verbinnen & CoCarissa Felger, 212-687-8080cfelger@SARDVERB.comorSard 
      Verbinnen & CoAmanda Klein, 212-687-8080aklein@SARDVERB.comorInvestors:MacKenzie 
      Partners, Inc.Charlie Koons, 212-929-5708ckoons@mackenziepartners.comorMacKenzie 
      Partners, Inc.Daniel Burch, 212-929-5748dburch@mackenziepartners.com















Contacts

Media:Trian Fund Management, L.P.Anne A. Tarbell, 
      212-451-3030atarbell@trianpartners.comorSard 
      Verbinnen & CoGeorge Sard, 212-687-8080gsard@SARDVERB.comorSard 
      Verbinnen & CoCarissa Felger, 212-687-8080cfelger@SARDVERB.comorSard 
      Verbinnen & CoAmanda Klein, 212-687-8080aklein@SARDVERB.comorInvestors:MacKenzie 
      Partners, Inc.Charlie Koons, 212-929-5708ckoons@mackenziepartners.comorMacKenzie 
      Partners, Inc.Daniel Burch, 212-929-5748dburch@mackenziepartners.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 













 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















TRIAN PARTNERS PARALLEL FUND I, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      TRIAN PARTNERS PARALLEL FUND I, L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Trian Partners Parallel Fund I is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-02-13. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 7



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from TRIAN PARTNERS PARALLEL FUND I, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




trian partners parallel fund i, l.p.


280 PARK AVENUE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10017


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-451-3000







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/07/2017
D/A filed on 02/13/2017
4/A filed on 12/09/2016
4 filed on 12/06/2016
4 filed on 04/12/2016
D/A filed on 02/11/2016
3 filed on 08/10/2015
4 filed on 06/26/2015
4 filed on 06/19/2015
D/A filed on 02/11/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-02-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
64,178,904
INDEFINITE


2016-02-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
64,178,904
INDEFINITE


2015-02-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
54,143,904
INDEFINITE


2014-02-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
54,143,904
INDEFINITE


2013-02-15
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
54,093,904
INDEFINITE


2012-02-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
54,093,904
INDEFINITE


2011-02-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
53,643,904
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-   TRIAN FUND MANAGEMENT, L.P.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



-   TRIAN PARTNERS PARALLEL FUND I GENERAL PARTNER, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



EDWARD P.  GARDEN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



NELSON   PELTZ

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



PETER W.  MAY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



TRIAN PARTNERS PARALLEL FUND I GENERAL PARTNER, LLC   TRIAN PARTNERS PARALLEL FUND I GENERAL PARTNER, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free





















Brian Baldwin - Trian Partners











































Toggle navigation




Trian Partners

Administrator
Investor Reporting













Brian Baldwin
Back To Team













Senior Analyst & PartnerBrian Baldwin is a Partner and Senior Analyst and has been a member of the Investment Team of Trian since August 2007. As of September 2015, Mr. Baldwin attends of the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee of Pentair plc in a non-voting, non-participating observer capacity. Prior to joining Trian, he was an analyst at Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity from July 2005 to July 2007.
Mr. Baldwin received a B.S., summa cum laude, from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.



EducationB.S., The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania

Current Portfolio Coverage
Current Board Affiliations



 
















Josh A. Frank - Trian Partners











































Toggle navigation




Trian Partners

Administrator
Investor Reporting













Josh A. Frank
Back To Team













Senior Analyst & PartnerJosh Frank is a Partner and Senior Analyst and has been a member of the Investment Team of Trian since November 2005. Mr. Frank is currently a director of Sysco Corporation. From June 2003 through June 2007, he served as an Associate, Corporate Development of Triarc Companies, Inc. Prior to joining Triarc, Mr. Frank worked at Credit Suisse First Boston from 2001 to 2003, where he spent time in both the mergers & acquisitions and healthcare investment banking groups. Mr. Frank received a B.A., cum laude, from Yale University.



EducationB.A., Yale University

Current Portfolio Coverage
Current Board Affiliations



 
















Press Releases | Trian Partners









































Toggle navigation




Trian Partners

Administrator
Investor Reporting













					Press ReleasesPress Releases Archive 







July 17, 2017
Trian Partners Nominates Nelson Peltz for Election to Procter & Gamble Board
READ MORE




June 5, 2017
Investor Stewardship Group (ISG) Adds New Members Including Trian
READ MORE




May 9, 2017
Pentair Announces Intent to Separate into two Industry-Leading Public Companies
READ MORE




March 22, 2017
Trian Comments on GE Framework
READ MORE




January 21, 2016
Michael D. White Joins Trian As An Advisory Partner
READ MORE




December 15, 2015
The Wendy’s Company Announces Addition of Dennis Kass and Matthew Peltz to Board of Directors
READ MORE




October 5, 2015
GE Comments on Investment by Trian
READ MORE




October 5, 2015
Trian Discloses $2.5 Billion Stake in GE
READ MORE




September 8, 2015
Pentair to Propose Expansion of its Board to Include Trian’s Ed Garden
READ MORE




August 20, 2015
Sysco Elects Nelson Peltz and Josh Frank of Trian Partners to Board of Directors
READ MORE




May 13, 2015
Trian Statement on DuPont Stockholder Vote
READ MORE




February 11, 2015
Trian Files Preliminary Proxy Statement for DuPont Annual Meeting
READ MORE




February 5, 2015
Trian Issues Statement Regarding DuPont
READ MORE




January 22, 2015
Family Dollar Stockholders Approve Dollar Tree Merger
READ MORE




January 16, 2015
Trian Establishes Trian Advisory Partners to Assist in Investment Process
READ MORE




January 16, 2015
PepsiCo Elects William R. Johnson to Board of Directors
READ MORE




January 8, 2015
Trian Partners Nominates Four Highly Qualified Candidates For Election To DuPont Board
READ MORE



















Home | Trian Partners










































Toggle navigation




Trian Partners

Administrator
Investor Reporting












HIGHLY
ENGAGED
SHAREOWNER








“Trian has a strong track record of working with companies to build long-term shareholder value, and has been an engaged shareholder. We appreciate their perspectives and look forward to a constructive ongoing dialogue with Trian as we execute our strategy to reshape the Company.”
– Jeffrey R. Immelt (Chairman and CEO of General Electric) 
GE Press Release dated October 5, 2015




“We believe that Nelson will be a valuable addition to our Board. We respect his more than 40 years of business and investment experience as well as his expertise helping consumer products companies leverage their brands and improve operating and financial performance.  We welcome his input as we deliver superior shareholder returns.”
– Irene Rosenfeld (Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz)
Mondelēz/Trian Press Release dated January 21, 2014




“Ed brings to our Board the perspective of a large and engaged shareholder in BNY Mellon and has a track record of working collaboratively with other boards and management teams. We welcome him and we look forward to benefiting from Trian’s insights and contributions as we continue to build value for our clients and shareholders.”
– Gerald Hassell (Chairman and CEO of BNY Mellon)
BNY Mellon/Trian Press Release dated December 2, 2014




“We are firmly committed to enhancing value for all Sysco shareholders and always welcome constructive input toward driving long-term shareholder value.  Nelson and Josh will bring our Board an informed perspective based on their significant experience in the food products industry. We have engaged in constructive dialogue with Nelson and Josh and look forward to benefiting from their insights and contributions.“
– Jackie Ward (non-executive chairman of Sysco’s Board of Directors)
Sysco/Trian Press Release dated August 20, 2015




“We have maintained an active and constructive dialogue with Trian regarding our common goal of increasing shareholder value, as we do with all of our shareholders.  We believe the addition of Ed to our board would bring a shareholder’s perspective and we look forward to benefiting from his insights and Trian’s strong analytical work.  Pentair remains focused on driving productivity and identifying strategic opportunities to position our portfolio for long-term growth.”
– Randall J. Hogan (Chairman and CEO of Pentair)
Pentair/Trian Press Release dated September 8, 2015



Next























Brian M. Jacoby - Trian Partners











































Toggle navigation




Trian Partners

Administrator
Investor Reporting













Brian M. Jacoby
Back To Team













Senior Analyst & PartnerBrian M. Jacoby is a Partner and Senior Analyst and has been a member of the Investment Team of Trian since November 2005. Mr. Jacoby is currently a director of ARG Holding Corporation (the parent company of the Arby’s® restaurant brand). From June 2002 through June 2007, he served as an Associate, Corporate Development of Triarc Companies, Inc. Prior to joining Triarc, Mr. Jacoby worked at Salomon Smith Barney from 2000 to 2002 in the Media and Communications Investment Banking Group. Mr. Jacoby received a B.B.A. with high distinction from the University of Michigan Business School.



EducationB.B.A., University of Michigan Business School

Current Portfolio Coverage
Current Board AffiliationsMr. Jacoby is on the Board of ARG Holding Corporation, of which The Wendy’s Company holds approximately 18.5% (as of May 12, 2016).

Previous Board AffiliationsMr. Jacoby previously served as a director of Meridian Audio, an English manufacturer of high-performance, high-fidelity audio and video components and systems, from 2006 through 2008. Meridian Audio is not a Trian Portfolio Company.




 
















Team | Trian Partners









































Toggle navigation




Trian Partners

Administrator
Investor Reporting













					Team				




AllPartnersAdvisory Partners*Investment TeamLegal/ComplianceInvestor RelationsCommunicationsFinance/ITNelson PeltzChief Executive Officer & Founding PartnerEd GardenChief Investment Officer & Founding PartnerPeter W. MayPresident & Founding PartnerRebecca BaehrSenior Analyst, Investor RelationsBrian BaldwinSenior Analyst & PartnerRyan BunchAnalystKaren ChenAnalystJohn DeckerChief Technology OfficerBrian EdwardsController, Fund AccountingOthman ElbouaziziAssistant Controller, Fund AccountingGreg EssnerChief Financial Officer & PartnerHoward M. FelsonChief Compliance Officer & Assistant General CounselJosh A. FrankSenior Analyst & PartnerAryella FrommerHead of Investor RelationsChristos IgnatiouDirector, Performance ReportingBrian M. JacobySenior Analyst & PartnerMark JiangAnalystWilliam R. JohnsonTrian Advisory Partner*Dennis M. KassTrian Advisory Partner*Daniel MarxAssistant General CounselTonsie McAdenVice President, Director of Client ServiceVikram NayarAnalystMatthew PeltzSenior Analyst & PartnerWesley RobertsAnalystStuart I. RosenGeneral CounselStephen RotkiewiczHead of TradingStacey SayettaAssistant General CounselBrian L. SchorrChief Legal Officer & PartnerHoward A. ScottVice President, Investor RelationsJoel P. StreeterVice President, Investor RelationsAnne A. TarbellHead of CommunicationsRyan ThackstonVice President, Investor RelationsLen WeedmanController, Management CompanyMichael D. WhiteTrian Advisory Partner** Trian Advisory Partners, while not employees of Trian, are experienced business leaders and investment professionals who assist Trian with various aspects of its investment process. The affiliations listed in the Advisory Partner bios are included for identification purposes only.
* Trian Advisory Partners, while not employees of Trian, are experienced business leaders and investment professionals who assist Trian with various aspects of its investment process. The affiliations listed in the Advisory Partner bios are included for identification purposes only.
In October 2015, Trian’s Legal Team was named by The Legal 500 (GC Powerlist) as one of the most influential and innovative in-house legal teams in the United States alongside teams from major corporations, including: American Express, GE, AT&T, Bristol Myers-Squibb, Google, Johnson & Johnson, Kellogg’s, JP Morgan, Microsoft, Nike, PepsiCo, Shell, Starbucks and Wendy’s.


















About Us | Trian Partners











































Toggle navigation




Trian Partners

Administrator
Investor Reporting













					About				







Trian is a highly engaged shareowner, bringing a private equity mindset to the public markets





From Left to Right: Nelson Peltz, Ed Garden and Peter May
Founded in 2005, Trian Fund Management, L.P. (“Trian”) is a multi-billion dollar investment management firm with over 50 employees. Trian is a highly engaged shareowner that combines concentrated public equity ownership with operational expertise. Leveraging the 40+ years’ operating experience of our Principals, Nelson Peltz, Ed Garden and Peter May, Trian seeks to invest in high quality but undervalued and underperforming public companies and to work collaboratively with management teams and boards of those companies to execute operational and strategic initiatives designed to drive long-term sustainable earnings growth for the benefit of all shareholders.




Feedback From Our Portfolio Companies





“Trian has a strong track record of working with companies to build long-term shareholder value, and has been an engaged shareholder. We appreciate their perspectives and look forward to a constructive ongoing dialogue with Trian as we execute our strategy to reshape the Company.” 1
– Jeffrey R. Immelt (Chairman and CEO of General Electric) 












“We believe that Nelson will be a valuable addition to our Board. We respect his more than 40 years of business and investment experience as well as his expertise helping consumer products companies leverage their brands and improve operating and financial performance.  We welcome his input as we deliver superior shareholder returns.” 2
– Irene Rosenfeld (Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz)












“Ed brings to our Board the perspective of a large and engaged shareholder in BNY Mellon and has a track record of working collaboratively with other boards and management teams. We welcome him and we look forward to benefiting from Trian’s insights and contributions as we continue to build value for our clients and shareholders.” 3
– Gerald Hassell (Chairman and CEO of BNY Mellon)












“We are firmly committed to enhancing value for all Sysco shareholders and always welcome constructive input toward driving long-term shareholder value.  Nelson and Josh will bring our Board an informed perspective based on their significant experience in the food products industry. We have engaged in constructive dialogue with Nelson and Josh and look forward to benefiting from their insights and contributions.” 4
– Jackie Ward (non-executive chairman of Sysco’s Board of Directors)












“We have maintained an active and constructive dialogue with Trian regarding our common goal of increasing shareholder value, as we do with all of our shareholders.  We believe the addition of Ed to our board would bring a shareholder’s perspective and we look forward to benefiting from his insights and Trian’s strong analytical work.  Pentair remains focused on driving productivity and identifying strategic opportunities to position our portfolio for long-term growth.” 5
– Randall J. Hogan (Chairman and CEO of Pentair)












1 GE Press Release dated October 5, 2015
2 Mondelēz/Trian Press Release dated January 21, 2014
3 BNY Mellon/Trian Press Release dated December 2, 2014
4 Sysco/Trian Press Release dated August 20, 2015
5 Pentair/Trian Press Release dated September 8, 2015


Download FactsheetNelson Peltz Chief Executive Officer & Founding PartnerEd Garden Chief Investment Officer & Founding PartnerPeter W. May President & Founding PartnerBrian Baldwin Senior Analyst & PartnerRyan Bunch AnalystKaren Chen AnalystJosh A. Frank Senior Analyst & PartnerBrian M. Jacoby Senior Analyst & PartnerMark Jiang AnalystDaniel Marx Assistant General CounselVikram Nayar AnalystMatthew Peltz Senior Analyst & PartnerWesley Roberts AnalystStuart I. Rosen General CounselStephen Rotkiewicz Head of TradingStacey Sayetta Assistant General CounselBrian L. Schorr Chief Legal Officer & PartnerMeet The TeamView Our Portfolio













