    Charles Tribié | Apollo Endosurgery , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Charles  Tribie - Austin, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Charles  Tribie in Austin, TX


Charles  Tribie

                                                                           Intelius found that Charles  Tribie  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Austin, TX.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 8 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Charles  Tribie is in his 60s

Charles Has Lived In

Austin, TX
Stamford, CT
La Jolla, CA

Charles's Relatives

Emmanuel Tribie
Sebastien Tribie
Peggy Tribie
Raphaelle Tribie







Charles  Tribie



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vp Operations at IDEV Technologies Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Charles? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Charles, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Charles  Tribie
Get a Criminal Check on Charles  Tribie
Get a Public Record Report on Charles  Tribie
Get a People Search Report on Charles  Tribie


Charles  Tribie's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Charles  Tribie has lived as well as Charles  Tribie's phone numbers and email addresses.




Charles  Tribie Has Lived in 5 States
Texas Address for Charles  Tribie


301 B***** S* 

Austin, TX


Has Lived In

Austin, TX
Stamford, CT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Charles  Tribie

(203) ***-**** - Trumbull, CT 
(713) ***-**** - Houston, TX 
() ***-**** - Austin, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Charles  Tribie



Get Email Report




Charles  Tribie's Professional Information
Information regarding Charles  Tribie's professional history.  Find out previous places Charles  Tribie has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Charles  Tribie Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: IDEV Technologies Inc
               Title: Senior Vp Operations
Charles  Tribie's Experience
Title: Senior Vp Operations
               Company: IDEV Technologies Inc
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Charles  Tribie

 See Charles  Tribie's LinkedIn Profile



Charles  Tribie's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Charles  Tribie


Charles  Tribie's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Charles  Tribie's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Charles Tribie
Username Matches

                  CharlesTribie
                  TribieCharles
                  Charles.Tribie
                  Tribie.Charles
                  Charles_Tribie
                  Tribie_Charles
                  Charles-Tribie
                  Tribie-Charles
                  CTribie
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Tribie







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















Making a Manufacturer | PTV Healthcare Capital








  







































Making a Manufacturer
Apollo Endosurgery Executive Vice President of Operations Charles Tribié and Cardiva Medical Chief Operating Officer Justin Ballotta sit down with PTV to discuss the tools needed to develop world class manufacturing operations

Austin, Texas – February 24, 2015 – We are excited to announce the release of the next podcast in our TOP Talks series. The podcast features PTV Managing Director Rick Anderson, Apollo Endosurgery Executive Vice President of Operations Charles Tribié, and Cardiva Medical Chief Operating Officer Justin Ballotta as they discuss the ingredients needed to develop world class manufacturing operations in today’s healthcare environment.
In the podcast Ballotta and Tribié dive into the nuts and bolts of manufacturing, covering everything from developing winning strategies and the decision making process that goes into in-house versus outsourced production, to the leadership capability needed to drive world class manufacturing operations and the lessons they’ve learned along the way.
Throughout the discussion, Ballotta and Tribié both stress the importance of delivering a quality product. “Finding out how to make it faster, cheaper, better is something that a company should deal with later in its stages of maturity,” says Ballotta. “I think that whatever manufacturing strategy someone decides to embark on, having the quality of the product and the compliance of the company top of mind should be of most importance.”
Tribié agrees. “When you look at the manufacturing process, every step along the way, you want to look at trying to generate the highest yields you can get. In doing so throughout the process, ultimately you’re going to deliver a high quality product and a high quality device.”


Charles Tribié currently serves as Executive Vice President of Operations at Apollo Endosurgery. Prior to joining Apollo in 2014, Mr. Tribié served as the Senior Vice President Operations at IDev Technologies and was fully responsible for the company’s operational strategy until IDev Technologies’ acquisition by Abbott in 2013. Prior to joining IDev Technologies, Mr. Tribié spent three years consulting across a broad range of medical device specialties.
Mr. Tribié has 30 years of operations experience, including roles within CryoGen, Inc. and Power Medical Interventions. He served as President and CEO of CryoGen, a venture-backed firm with a unique office-based solution for cryogenic treatment of Excessive Menstrual Bleeding. CryoGen was sold to American Medical Systems in 2003. Mr. Tribié began his career at US Surgical, spending 19 years there while continuing to increase his responsibilities within operations. During Mr. Tribié’s tenure, US Surgical was the leader in innovative surgical wound closure products. At the time of its acquisition by Tyco International, he was Senior Vice President Operations at US Surgical.
Justin Ballotta is currently Cardiva Medical’s Chief Operating Officer. In this role, Mr. Ballotta is directly responsible for product commercialization & engineering, manufacturing operations, quality assurance, regulatory affairs, supply chain, customer operations, and information technology. Mr. Ballotta joined Cardiva in June of 2010 as Vice President of Operations.
Prior to Cardiva, Mr. Ballotta had 13 years of experience across medical device design, development, manufacturing, marketing, and business assessments. Most recently, Mr. Ballotta worked at Johnson & Johnson subsidiary, Cordis Corporation, where he was responsible for new business assessments and strategic marketing for next generation structural heart and drug-eluting stents.

TOP Talks, PTV’s podcast series, features conversations between PTV Managing Director Rick Anderson and various industry thought leaders as they discuss the changing landscape of the healthcare industry and what that means for healthcare entrepreneurs. Previous episodes can be found on PTV’s website.




News Spotlight

26Jul 2017 
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Closing of Public Offering and Underwriters’ Full Exercise of Over-Allotment Option
more » 


20Jul 2017 
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Pricing of $31 Million Public Offering
more » 


29Jun 2017 
New Podcast! PTV Senior Regulatory Advisor Tony Blank on the consumerization of the FDA
more » 


06Jun 2017 
Watch: Apollo Endosurgery Featured on TODAY & NBC Nightly News
more » 


25May 2017 
Listen: Eye on the Prize – A Conversation with LASIK Pioneer Dr. Stephen Slade
more » 


03May 2017 
Watch: PTV’s Featured Session at SXSW
more » 


03May 2017 
Apollo Endosurgery Features Industry-Leading Endoscopic Procedure Portfolio at Digestive Disease Week® 2017 Conference (DDW)
more » 


25Apr 2017 
Asuragen Strengthens Repetitive Sequence and Short Structural Variant Intellectual Property Portfolio
more » 


11Apr 2017 
Ortho Kinematics Raises $18.6 Million Series D Equity Financing
more » 


06Apr 2017 
PTV’s Lauren Chauret Named Austin Under 40 Award Winner
more » 


























Contracting Profile: Charles Products, Inc. Rockville MD

























 



  
    Charles Products, Inc. - Rockville, MD vendor 003241155            Vendors    Charles Products, Inc. - Rockville, MD          Add Alert          Sign Up     Actions     Add to Partners             Claim Vendor              Similar Vendors              Related Contracts      Related Projects       Help         Charles Products, Inc. Rockville MD   Federal Vendor        Last active 3 weeks ago                     


     0 of 5 with 0 ratings              Welcome to GovTribe!   We provide software that helps government contractors manage their sales pipelines.   Plans start at $24 a month.   Try For Free          Welcome to GovTribe!   We provide leading federal market intel and awesome tools to manage your pursuit process.   Plans start at $24 a month.   Try For Free              Name    Charles Products, Inc. Rockville MD        Division    Not Listed        Parent    Not Listed        Address     12290 Wilkins Ave Rockville, MD 20852 USA             Website    Not Listed        Primary Category      Other Miscellaneous Nondurable Goods Merchant Wholesalers (424990)         Size    Not Listed        Contact(s)      Frank Stopak Sales(E-Business - Alternate) P: 3018811966   Glen Hietmann Sales(Government Business - Alternate) P: 3018811966   Marshall Cannon Sales(E-Business) P: 3018811966          Structure    Corporate Entity (Not Tax Exempt)        Designations     Not Listed                               
















Charles Tribié: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:02 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Charles   Tribié  Executive Vice President of Operations, Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.64$316,689As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Charles Tribié has been an Executive Vice President of Operations at Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. since 2014. Before joining PMI, Mr. Tribié served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of CryoGen, Inc. a venture backed firm with a unique office based solution for cryogenic treatment of excessive menstrual bleeding. He was sold to American Medical Systems in 2003. He served as Senior Vice President of Operations at IDEV Technologies, Inc. He served as a Senior ... Vice President of Operations at Power Medical Interventions of IDev Technologies, Inc. CryoGen, Inc. and US Surgical Inc. He is responsible for the Apollo Endosurgery Inc operational strategy until IDev Technologies acquisition by Abbott in 2013. Mr. Tribié has 30 years of operations experience, including roles within Power Medical Interventions and CryoGen, Inc. Prior to IDEV, he served for 3 years consulting across a broad range of medical device specialties. Prior to that, Mr. Tribi was Chief Operating Officer at Power Medical Interventions (PMI), a firm specializing in internal surgical stapling using computer mediated technologies. Prior to Cryogen, Mr. Tribi spent 19 years with US Surgical in increasing responsibilities within operations. During his tenure, US Surgical was the leader in innovative surgical wound closure products. At the time of its acquisition by Tyco International. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Fordham University and an MBA from Long Island University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Building 1Austin, Texas 78746United StatesPhone: 512-279-5100Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS Fordham UniversityMBA Long Island University
Other Affiliations
Fordham UniversityLong Island UniversityIDEV Technologies, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$285,000Total Annual Compensation$285,000
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$16,014Exercisable Options$39,503Unexercisable Options$33,769Total Number of Options$73,272
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$316,689Total Short Term Compensation$285,000Other Long Term Compensation$16,014Total Calculated Compensation$316,689




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationBrenton L. Saunders J.D.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentAllergan plc$1.0MMichael F. Mahoney Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentBoston Scientific Corporation$1.0MScott W. Schorer Chief Executive Officer and PresidentGI Dynamics, Inc.$310.8KDan W. Gladney Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentEnteroMedics Inc.$459.2KAndrew P. Rasdal Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorObalon Therapeutics, Inc.$691.7KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Apollo Endosurgery, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Charles Tribié - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.





























































  








Charles Tribié

            Written on April 8, 2016 
Executive Vice President of Operations
Mr. Tribié has served as Executive Vice President of Operations at Apollo since 2014. From 2008 to 2014, Mr. Tribié served as Senior Vice President Operations at IDev Technologies, Inc., a medical device company. Mr. Tribié began his career at U.S. Surgical Corporation, spending 19 years there while continuing to increase his responsibilities within operations. At the time of its acquisition by Tyco International Ltd. in 1998, he was Senior Vice President Operations at U.S. Surgical Corporation. Mr. Tribié holds a B.A. in economics from Fordham University and an M.B.A. from Long Island University.














ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers






Heartfelt Sympathies Store | Charles Tribe


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle


Donations








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of Charles Tribe can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy
















