

Tricadia Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:03 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Tricadia Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Tricadia Capital Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It manages hedge funds, managed accounts, collateralized debt obligations, and permanent capital businesses. The firm invests in alternative markets across the globe. The firm was founded in April 2003 and is based in New York, New York. Tricadia Capital Management, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Tricadia Holdings, LP.


780 Third Avenue29th FloorNew York, NY 10017United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 646-388-5900

Fax: 646-218-1585

www.tricadiacapital.com







Key Executives for Tricadia Capital Management, LLC




Mr. Michael Gene Barnes


      	Co-Founder and Principal
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Arif Inayatullah


      	Co-Founder and Principal
      


Age: 53
        







Ms. Julia Helene Wyatt


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Mike Khorrami


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Joseph Hong


      	Executive Director and Associate Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tricadia Capital Management, LLC, please visit www.tricadiacapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC Trademark of Tricadia Capital LLC. Serial Number: 77016004 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC










 
Get FREE email alerts













TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC  Trademark Information
 Tricadia Capital LLC
Financial services, namely, financial management services; financial asset management services; portfolio investment management; financial risk management services, namely, writing credit default swaps and other financial derivatives and balance sheet protection products




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         financial   management   services   financial   asset   management   services   portfolio   investment   management   financial   risk   management   services         writing   credit   default   swaps   financial   derivatives    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC trademark by Tricadia Capital LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10017.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Tricadia Capital LLC of the TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC trademark.
                           






On Friday, October 6, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC by 
                        Tricadia Capital LLC, New York, NY  10017.
                        The USPTO has given the TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC 
                        trademark serial  number of  77016004.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC is 
                        
                        
                                            SCOTT M. KAREFF, ESQ. of 
                                            SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP.,  919 3RD AVE, NEW YORK NY 10022-3902 
                                .
                            The TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC 
                            is Financial services, namely, financial management services; financial asset management services; portfolio investment management; financial risk management services, namely, writing credit default swaps and other financial derivatives and balance sheet protection products. 
                            





Word mark:
 TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

11/28/2014



  Serial Number:  
77016004


  Filing Date:  
10/6/2006


 Registration Number:  
3414997 


 Registration Date:  
4/22/2008


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, financial management services; financial asset management services; portfolio investment management; financial risk management services, namely, writing credit default swaps and other financial derivatives and balance sheet protection products


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/22/2007


Last Applicant/Owner:

Tricadia Capital LLCNew York, NY  10017
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC")


 Correspondent:


SCOTT M. KAREFF, ESQ.
SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP.
919 3RD AVE
NEW YORK NY 10022-3902






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/1/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
2/1/2006





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/28/2014
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SCOTT M. KAREFF, ESQ.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search tricadiafinancialpro on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS... 




TRICADIA FINANCIAL PRODUCTS LLC is providing Financial services, namely, financial management services; financial asset management services; portfolio investment management; financial risk management services, namely, writing credit default swaps and other financial derivatives and balance sheet protection products.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Tricadia Capital LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























tricadia capital llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Tricadia Capital LLC operates as an investment advisor.




Corporate Information
Address:

780 Third Avenue
29th Floor
New York, NY 10017
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Tricadia Capital Management, LLC                                                                                         - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investment Advice



Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis



                            Tricadia Capital Management, LLC
                                    



 





















T 


Tricadia Capital Management, LLC                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



780 3RD AVE FL 29 NEW YORK, NY 10017
Get Directions



(646) 388-5900
www.tricadiacapital.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $234,457.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis
 Contacts Julia Wyatt                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007 the company has been providing Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Tricadia Capital Management, LLC: Management Bios

















 













Tricadia Capital






Management Biographies
Michael Barnes
Managing Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer
Michael is a founding partner of Tricadia.  Prior to the formation of Tricadia, Mr. Barnes oversaw various credit trading strategies at UBS, PaineWebber and Bear Stearns.  Mr. Barnes received his A.B. from Columbia College.

Arif Inayatullah
Managing Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer
Arif is a founding partner of Tricadia.  Mr. Inayatullah began his career at Drexel Burnham Lambert and has also worked at Credit Agricole Indosuez, UBS and BroadStreet Group.  He holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Materials Science from Cornell University.
 
 



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Tricadia Capital




















































































   Quizzes | Lists | Trending  



Sign up / Login  



Feedback  


    

  Tricadia Capital  Topics |  Videos |  Discussion |  Write-ups

 
















 


  


  


 


 







 








Back to Top

© Revolvy, LLC

Mobile
Terms
Privacy
Contact








Paste Image Information Here:
×


Image:


Source:



Save changes









×





Cancel





...
×















×



Done
Cancel
By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy
terms of service and
     privacy policy.











OK
Cancel










OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel








×



OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel







×



Save

Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel














Tricadia Capital - Wikipedia





















 






Tricadia Capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Tricadia)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Tricadia Capital


Type

LLC, Private


Industry
Hedge funds


Founded
2003


Founder
Michael Barnes
Arif Inayatullah


Headquarters
New York City, New York, United States


Total assets
$3.7 billion



Number of employees

39[1]


Tricadia Capital Management, LLC ("Tricadia Capital") is a New York based asset management company.
History[edit]
Tricadia Capital is a multi-strategy credit manager for hedge funds and alternative investment accounts.[1] Tricadia Capital’s predecessor was formed in 2003 by Michael Barnes and Arif Inayatullah.[2] Tricadia Capital is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tricadia Holdings, L.P. (“Tricadia Holdings”), which is controlled by Messrs, Barnes and Inayatullah.[3] Tricadia Holdings also owns Tricadia CDO Management, LLC.[4] Tricadia Holdings is associated with Mariner Investment Group, LLC, which provides certain support services for the firm.[5][6]
Before founding Tricadia Holdings, Mr. Barnes had worked at UBS and Paine Webber, and Bear Stearns. Mr. Inayatullah had worked at UBS, BroadStreet Group, and Credit Agricole Indosuez.[7]
Synthetic CDO[edit]
In 2004, Tricadia CDO Management, LLC was the first North American organization to do a "synthetic CDO-squared" deal, which it did with Citibank.[8]
References[edit]



^ a b "Investment Adviser Public Disclosure-SEC". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved March 30, 2013. 
^ "TRICADIA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC". NASDAQ. Retrieved March 28, 2013. 
^ "New York Investor Preps CDO Debut". Securitization.Net. July 21, 2003. 
^ "Fordham Graduate School of Business – Credit Derivative Symposium BIO’s for Program Speakers". Fordham University. Retrieved April 22, 2010. 
^ "Tricadia Makes CLO Debut". Securitization.Net. October 13, 2006. 
^ "Tricadia CDO Management LLC—U.S. ABS And CDO Of CDO" (pdf). Standard and Poors. Retrieved 2010-04-22. 
^ "Apple Creek Acquisition Corp,S-1 form". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved April 22, 2010. 
^ "Primus, Solent Working On CDO Squared" (PDF). Derivatives Week. 2004-12-20. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Tricadia_Capital&oldid=737659812"					
Categories: Companies based in New York CityCompanies established in 2003Investment management companies of the United States 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 4 September 2016, at 07:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Tricadia Capital Management, LLC: Contact

















 













Tricadia Capital






Contact
Tricadia Capital Management LLC
780 Third Avenue, 29th Floor
    New York, NY 10017
(646) 388-5900
info@tricadiacapital.com
 
 





Tricadia Capital Management, LLC

















 













Tricadia Capital





Tricadia Capital Management, LLC is an investment firm that manages credit-oriented hedge funds, private equity funds, and alternative investment accounts. Founded in 2003, the firm is headquartered in New York and has approximately $2.2 billion in assets under management in multi-strategy and specialized funds and accounts. Tricadia is privately owned and employs approximately fifty people, the majority of which are investment professionals.

 
 





Tricadia Capital Management, LLC

















 













Tricadia Capital





Tricadia Capital Management, LLC is an investment firm that manages credit-oriented hedge funds, private equity funds, and alternative investment accounts. Founded in 2003, the firm is headquartered in New York and has approximately $2.2 billion in assets under management in multi-strategy and specialized funds and accounts. Tricadia is privately owned and employs approximately fifty people, the majority of which are investment professionals.

 
 

