










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Trifecta


















 


 


Trifecta Marketing Resources, LLC lends extra support in key areas to help you achieve and surpass your business objectives.  From marketing research and strategic planning to tactical implementation and beyond, you can depend upon the right kind of support, when you need it.

      Long-term and ongoing, or project-specific assistance.  Either way, you’ll enjoy optimal service for optimal growth.
 
How strong is your relationship with your prospects and clients?

Do you have the resources or time to create and implement a launch strategy for your new product?

Do you have deadlines, but not enough hours in the day to meet them?

Does your organization deserve more exposure and recognition?

Are you tasked with “doing more with less?” 


 


















Trifecta Pharmaceuticals USA - OTC Topical Ointments, Creams, and Gels Official Website























































 
 






PreviousNext12345





About Trifecta Pharmaceuticals USA

“We are a leader in the manufacture and supply of high quality Oral Rehydration Salts, OTC Topical Ointments, Creams, and Gels.  .”


What We Do Best:


Develop, manufacturer, market, and distribute special niche OTC productsDevelop, manufacturer, market, and distribute special niche OTC products that are either no longer on the market or that are new to the market. (Eg. Globe Brand Ichthammol 20% Ointment and Ma Ying Long Ointment (400-Year-Old Traditional Chinese Herbal Hemorrhoids Ointment) and Rhuli Gel.

Highest quality OTC Topical Ointments,  Creams, and GelsDevelop and provide the highest quality OTC Topical Ointments, Creams and Gels.

Private Label Store Brand ProductsTrifecta Pharmaceuticals offers National Brand Equivalent formulations for its customers store brand OTC Ointments, Creams, and Gels:

US FDA cGMP Audited Facility Supply our customers with US FDA registered and approved OTC Topical Ointments, Creams, and Gels.

“Providing the highest quality medical products at the most affordable prices”

We provide our Globe™ Brand of OTC Topical Ointments, Creams, and Gels of the highest quality with cGMP certification, NDC, US FDA registration at the most affordable prices.
Trifecta Pharmaceuticals also offers TRIORAL™, Oral Rehydration Salts (rehydration powder) individually packed, easy to use and based on the latest WHO (World Health Organization) formulation.
Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, we are committed to providing the best quality, value and customer service.
All of our Globe™ Brand of Topical Ointments, Creams, Gels and our TRIORAL™, Oral Rehydration Salts are also available via various pharmacies nationwide, healthcare professionals, healthcare distributors, discount stores, medical/travel kit distributors, outdoor emergency supply stores, and Amazon.


Quality

Our commitment to quality
Our quality control is unsurpassed. With direct involvement in our manufacturing facilities, we uphold to the most demanding quality control standards in the industry, attaining cGMP, U.S. FDA certification, and ISO certifications.
Our commitment to value.
The best quality with the right ingredients at the best prices equals VALUE. For instance, while many expensive alternatives are now available for oral rehydration salts (ORS), our TRIORAL™ ORS is exactly what consumers need at a price that cannot be matched. Value is part of every product and every decision we make at Trifecta Pharmaceuticals USA.
Our commitment to service.
All our products are tested by a third party internationally recognized laboratory.
With the enormous choices US customers have, Trifecta Pharmaceuticals USA is one stop shopping for many of your OTC needs, offering US customers convenience and confidence.  Our online shopping experience is seamless, and easy to use on any device. Orders are sent directly to our distribution warehouse and shipped out as soon as they are received. In fact, our reputation for service and value has attracted customers nationwide.
Trifecta Pharmaceuticals USA has also become the preferred provider of generic pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, OTC topical ointments, creams, and gels to various NGO’s, charitable organizations and government agencies. These organizations around the world have come to trust our quality, value and service.


Globe



The Globe™ line of products represents the highest quality (GMP) at an affordable price including: many OTC medications, medical supplies and nutritional supplements.
The Globe symbol originates from the pharmacies or apothecaries of 17th century England.
A symbol of pharmacy skill and professionalism, the Globe or glass vessel is the perfect logo for the high quality standards and ethics of Trifecta pharmaceuticals USA.
Trifecta Pharmaceuticals is bringing back this Globe™ symbol of health for the 21st century.


Online Stores for Customers and Distributors

“Selling on the highest levels”



The official Trifecta Pharmaceuticals Online Store for customers and distributors.

Order 24/7
Several Payment Methods Available
Special Pricing for Distributors
FREE Shipping to Retail Customers
Special Discounts for Return Customers
New Product Opportunities


SHOP
Selling to customers on one of the largest shopping platforms in the world

#1 Selling products in some categories
Benefit from amazon services
Positive customer reviews
Prime shipping


ENTER
Selling to customers on one of the largest shopping platforms in the world

Ebay discounts
Benefit from ebay services
Positive customer reviews
FREE Shipping


ENTER
We offer our distribution partners specialized pricing solutions that allow them to be a step ahead of the competition. All you need to do is register as a distribution partner. Once your information checks out, you’ll receive instructions how to use our Online Store with distribution prices.

Get special pricing
Get special offers
Get marketing Support


REGISTER

Some of our products

“Click Thumbnails to Zoom”

OTC TOPICAL OINTMENTS, CREAMS, AND GELS


  Trifecta Pharmaceuticals Globe Brand Clotrimazole 1% Cream                ORAL REHYDRATION SALTS


     RHULI GEL


  Trifecta Pharmaceuticals Rhuli Gel ICHTHAMMOL


  Trifecta Pharmaceuticals Globe Brand Ichthammol 20% Ointment 

What Others Say About Us




After doing this for 2 nights the splinter worked his way out of his heel and I was able to easily pull it out with a tweezers
By BC TM on November 27, 2015


Item Package Quantity: 1 Verified Purchase
Hubby had a splinter in his foot for about 4 weeks. I cleaned his heel with an alcohol wipe & once it dried I applied the ointment with a cue tip (I didn’t rub it in – just dabbed it on) then covered with a band-aid. After doing this for 2 nights the splinter worked his way out of his heel and I was able to easily pull it out with a tweezers. It did leave a brown stain on the bottom of his foot, but it washed right off when he took a shower. I will keep this stuff in the medicine cabinet for now on.

BC TMIchthammol Ointment http://www.amazon.com/review/RICIMN86H5SRL/ref=cm_cr_dp_title?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B014MRR7NY&channel=detail-glance&nodeID=3760901&store=hpc – Amazon 
There is no substitute for Ichthammol
By Amazon Customer on November 11, 2015

Local drug stores said it was no longer available. Tried the substitute one pharmacist recommended which contained a tiny amount of true Ichthammol in it’s formulation. It was useless. I was delighted to find the real thing available online & once it arrived my grandchild’s spider bite quickly healed. There is just no substitute for this product.
Amazon Customer Ichthammol Ointment http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/RUT5G8UYW0ARX/ref=cm_cr_pr_rvw_ttl?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B014MRR7NY – Amazon 
this black salve works great to remove stubborn slivers or infected pricks from rose …,
December 26, 2015


By ConnieLyn



Verified Purchase


This review is from: Ichthammol Ointment 20%, (Drawing Salve) 1oz Tube (28.3g) Pharmaceutical Grade**** (Health and Beauty)
this black salve works great to remove stubborn slivers or infected pricks from rose thorns, even worked on an infected hang nail, quickly drawing our infection. A must for every first aid kit.
Connie LynIchthammol Ointment http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/RQ3ZF8JQISZ09/ref=cm_cr_pr_rvw_ttl?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B014MRR7NY – Amazon 
Perfect!
By Amir on December 9, 2015
Package Quantity: 1Verified Purchase

So far, this is the only REAL Ichthammol Ointment I found on the market in the U.S. The rest are highly-diluted homeopathic jokes.
AmironIchthammol 20% ointment http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/RJU0ELBA6R62A/ref=cm_cr_pr_rvw_ttl?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B014MRR7NY – Amazon

5.0 out of 5 starsThe best formula for those with serious medical conditions.
By Sally on January 18, 2015


Item Package Quantity: 15

For those with any kind of colitis, or taking medicines causing chronic potassium deficiency, this is the formula you want. Most other formulas don’t have enough of the salts, and/or leave out essential ingredients for absorption, use the wrong sugars, or include magnesium stearate. Many people think the salt and glucose are things to be avoided, but for rehydration you absolutely have to have some sodium and glucose in the formula in the correct amounts in order for water to be absorbed in the intestines. The formulas that don’t have either are a waste of money. The Gatorade and PowerAde formulas are very poor. If you need to drink rehydration fluid every day, as I do, this WHO formula is the best you can get. A box of 100 is .50 cents a day- none of the other products come close to being that affordable.
I don’t mind the taste at all as-is, having gotten used to it quickly; but if it doesn’t do it for you, you can stir in a packet or two of the True brand unsweetened 100% citrus flavor packets, without messing up the formula. Not bad at all. A good coconut water like Taste Nirvana from Whole Foods is the next best thing, but very expensive for any length of time. These WHO formula packets have literally been a life-saver for me and I highly recommend them.
A sidenote: Last year I got a giant bulk box of the WHO formula packets by Jianas Brothers, which are the old formula now being phased out. I was unhappy Amazon is not offering them in bulk this year until I discovered WHO reworked the formula. This is it.


SallyTRIORAL Oral Rehydration Salts http://www.amazon.com/review/R1HE9MH4X1DHGZ/ref=cm_cr_dp_title?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B00OG8G9U2&channel=detail-glance&nodeID=3760901&store=hpc – Amazon

not to mention how much better I feel in the day
By Julia on August 14, 2015



Item Package Quantity: 100 Verified Purchase

This stuff has transformed my health and well being. Formerly always dehydrated, but no more. I drink 2 liters of this a day and my night time dry eye issues are a thing of the past, not to mention how much better I feel in the day. I bring packets of this on vacation too – of all times, you want to feel your best on vacation. This is the lowest cost of all the WHO formula packets out there, and there are only a few that actually stick to the WHO formula with no other additives such as sucralose etc.
I sweeten it a bit with my own sweeter of choice because I admit it does not taste that great straight – but since it’s a simple and pure “base” formula the nice thing is you can use what you personally feel comfortable with to sweeten and/or flavor it.


Julia TRIORAL Oral Rehydration Salts http://www.amazon.com/review/R1RERG7FCE9U2X/ref=cm_cr_dp_title?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B00OG8G9U2&channel=detail-glance&nodeID=3760901&store=hpc – Amazon

5.0 out of 5 starsA must have to combat dehydration!
By Cha Chi on July 25, 2015


Item Package Quantity: 15 Verified Purchase
A great addition to your day pack or first aid kit to help re-energize you when dehydration sets in. We live in the Rockies, where we enjoy outdoor pursuits at elevation, in addition to more intense heat from the sun. As much as we know to drink plenty of fluids…dehydration occurs from time to time. These ORS have helped in nearly all these cases, restoring energy to exhausted and fatigued adventurers by providing instant electrolytes and potassium. We don’t leave home with out bringing these along, just in case.

Cha ChiTRIORAL Oral Rehydration Salts http://www.amazon.com/review/R28EZXOMLLLE5S/ref=cm_cr_dp_title?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B00OG8G9U2&channel=detail-glance&nodeID=3760901&store=hpc – Amazon
5.0 out of 5 starsFive Stars
By Betty J. Lincoln on January 5, 2016
Package Quantity: 5 Verified Purchase

Great price – product works great.
Betty J. LincolnClotrimazole Cream http://www.amazon.com/product-reviews/B01841TLM4/ref=acr_search_hist_5?ie=UTF8&filterByStar=five_star&showViewpoints=0 – Amazon 
 Five Stars, November 16, 2015


By
S. Hancock



Verified Purchase(What’s this?)
This review is from: Hydrocortisone Maximum Strength Ointment 1%, USP (1oz – 12 Pack) (Compare to Cortizone-10) (Health and Beauty)
Good product. Hard to find in stores at this price. Works great on rashes.
S. HancockHydrocortisone 1% Ointment http://www.amazon.com/review/R2G1OUJ9H5C1JM/ref=cm_cr_dp_title?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B013RN6OPQ&channel=detail-glance&nodeID=3760901&store=hpc – amazon 


By
oscar valero



Verified Purchase(What’s this?)
This review is from: Ultra Omega 3 Fish Oil, (DHA 240mg + EPA 360mg Per Serving = 600 mg, 2000mg natural fish oil concentrate ) Per serving, 400 Softgels/Bottle (Health and Beauty)
Excelent product. Received on time
oscar valeroOmega 3 Fish Oil http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/R33HTQIQ67F11F/ref=cm_cr_pr_rvw_ttl?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B014G0RQ56 – Amazon 
PreviousNext

Office
101 NE Third Ave Suite 1500
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Phone: (888) 296-9067


Contact Us


Name * E-Mail * Subject *  Message * 
  















Scroll to top





Trifecta Products LLC - Sammamish, WA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WA



Sammamish



Carpets and Rugs



Carpets And Rugs



                            Trifecta Products LLC
                                    



 





















T 


Trifecta Products LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



23325 NE 15TH ST SAMMAMISH, WA 98074
Get Directions



(425) 868-3803





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Carpets And Rugs
 Contacts Jeff Hooker







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Trifecta Products Llc was founded in 2008. Trifecta Products Llc specializes in Carpets And Rugs. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









