




Trilogy Mentors, LLC - Computers- Failla  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Trilogy Mentors, LLC

      Industry: Computers
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    3126 West Cary Street, Suite 419  
    Richmond, VA, 23221Phone: 914-523-0067 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-09


New


$5,000


$5,000


Debt Only


05


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 John D. Failla 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Trilogy Mentors, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Trilogy Mentors, LLC
List of persons related to the company Trilogy Mentors, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Trilogy Mentors, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001690579IRS Number: 474821591Company address: 3126 WEST CARY STREET, SUITE 419  RICHMOND 23221Phone number: 914-523-0067



People related to Trilogy Mentors, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryD. Failla  John3126 W. Cary Street, Ste 419 RichmondVA




Trilogy Mentors, LLC on the Web
Related companiesTrilogy Capital Fund I, LLC, Trilogy Cayman Feeder Ltd, TRILOGY ENERGY ALLIANCE, LLC, TRILOGY FINANCIAL PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL LTD, TRILOGY FINANCIAL PARTNERS, L.P., TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL FUNDS PLC - TRILOGY GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED, Trilogy International New Zealand LLC, Trilogy International Partners Inc., Trilogy International Partners Partners LLC, TRILOGY INVESTMENT FUND PLC - THE VALANT SERIES EMERGING MARKETS FUND, Trilogy Investment Funds plc - Trilogy Emerging Markets Fund, Trilogy Investment Funds PLC-Trilogy Emerging Wealth Fund, Trilogy Lacrosse, LLC, Trilogy Master Fund Ltd, Trilogy Real Estate Investment Trust












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Products | Trilogy Communications






















Toggle navigation







Home
Markets
Case Studies
Products
Support
Partners
News
About
Contact

















Industry filter: 


All
Defence
Broadcast
Industrial






				location 









Products
Overview
Trilogy have over 25 years experience designing and building industry-leading communications and broadcast equipment. Learn more about how these systems can help your business overcome technical challenges, cut costs and improve internal operations.









Gemini
Improve communications between crew members in the studio and in the field using the class-leading Gemini intercom system to keep everyone connected and providing a robust platform that scales in line with your business.


read more








Mentor XL
Built on 25 years of experience in the broadcast industry, Mentor XL provides advanced, reliable sync and test generator functions for use in mixed SD and HD/3G installations.

read more








Mercury
Mercury from Trilogy combines VoIP telephony with the power of a conventional digital matrix intercoms system to create a scalable, real-time communications network designed.

read more








Mercury ES
Designed to meet the specific challenges of the defence industry and other organisations bound by strict security controls, Mercury ES provides a robust, flexible, VoIP platform for secure multi-level communications.

read more








Messenger
Providing all the power and potential of a traditional intercom system, but with none of the usual technical limitations, Messenger is a key component in your internal communications platform.

read more








Panels
Trilogy provides an extensive range of high quality panels including desktop, rackmount, virtual for mouse or touch screen operation and wireless running on tablet and personal phones.

read more








Wireless
We have a range of options from tablet and phone applications supporting wireless, 3&4 G, as well as more traditional beltpacks and radio base stations to deliver crystal clear communications for all mobile crew members

read more








news










Trilogy Shares In Two More Awards For The VRT-EBU LiveIP Project







CLEAR-COM ACQUIRES TRILOGY COMMUNICATIONS







IBC TV to use VRT-EBU LiveIP Studio at IBC 16







Trilogy appoints Group Sales Director







EBU and IABM members experienced the successful Sandbox LiveIP Production project













                    © 2017 Trilogy
                

                    privacy policy
                

                    legal
                

                    careers
                

                    sitemap
                

















×
Country Detected


			We have detected that you are browsing from the United States and have automatically redirected you to the US version of the Trilogy Communications site.
		  

Back to UK site
Continue on US site
















Trilogy Metals Inc. $TMQ, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Trilogy Metals Inc.


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Trilogy Metals Inc..










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (59) | Filings (394) | Investment rounds (1) | Annual reports (4) |  Stock |  News
Industry: GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]CIK Number: 0001543418Trilogy Metals Inc. is a publicly traded companyTrading symbol: TMQTrilogy Metals Inc. is on the market less than 5 years.

News2017-07-27

Amira Nature Foods Ltd. (NYSE:ANFI) and Trilogy Metals Inc. (:TMQ ...
 Concord Register
Shares of Amira Nature Foods Ltd. (NYSE:ANFI) are experiencing unusual volume during today's trading. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $5.94 at the time of writing.



2017-07-27

Buyers and Sellers Alert -: Trilogy Metals Inc. (TMQ)
 Hot Stocks Point
Canada based company, Trilogy Metals Inc. (TMQ)'s latest closing price distance was at 97.82% from the average-price of 200 days while it maintained a distance from the 50 Day Moving Average at 63.22% and 48.64% compared with the 20 Day Moving ...
Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) A Look Inside the Technicals - Evergreen Caller

2017-07-27

Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ.TO) Showing Bullish Money Flow
 Berry Recorder
Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ.TO) shares have moved above the Chalkin Money Flow zero line, indicating potential buying momentum for the shares.

2017-07-27

Chaiken Money Flow For Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) Above Zero
 Berry Recorder
Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) shares are showing bullish signs as the Chaikin Money Flow or CFI is above the zero line. A positive Chaikin Money Flow indicates that the stock is strong while a negative CMF indicates that the stock is weak.

2017-07-26

Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) AO Signal Intensifying Over Past 5 Bars
 Clayton News
The Awesome Oscillator for Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) is showing a five day consistent uptrend, signaling building market momentum for the shares.



2017-07-26

Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) Seeing Increased Activity Over Past 7 Bars
 Financial Newsweek
Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) has been garnering interest of retail and insitutional invenstors alike as the shares have seen its VMA (volume moving average) steadily rise over the past 7 sessions.
Trend Indicator Update on Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) - Berry Recorder

2017-07-26

Trilogy Metals Inc (NYSE:TMQ) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest
 BNB Daily (blog)
Trilogy Metals logo Trilogy Metals Inc (NYSE:TMQ) was the target of a large drop in short interest in the month of June. As of June 15th, there was short interest totalling 950,087 shares, a drop of 1.8% from the May 31st total of 967,933 shares.
Hot Stocks Among Investors: Trilogy Metals Inc. (TMQ), Target Corporation (TGT) - Post Analyst

Trilogy Metals Inc. addressSUITE 1950 - 777 DUNSMUIR STREETVANCOUVER V7Y 1K4Former nameFormer name of this company was NovaCopper Inc., date of change: 2012-02-28.
Company jurisdiction
BRITISH COLUMBIA, CANADA  
  Entity type
Corporation 
Earliest known filing
March 2012
Latest known filing
July 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Trilogy Metals Inc. has 394 filings. View Trilogy Metals Inc. filings.
Annual Reports2017-02-03 - Annual report 1/20172016-02-08 - Annual report 1/20162015-02-06 - Annual report 1/20152014-01-30 - Annual report 1/20142013-02-12 - Annual report 1/2013
Quarterly Reports2017-06-28 - Quartely report 2/20172017-04-04 - Quartely report 2/20172016-10-06 - Quartely report 4/20162016-07-07 - Quartely report 3/20162016-04-07 - Quartely report 2/2016
Latest company events2017-06-28 - Current report 2017-06-12 - Current report 2017-06-05 - Current report 2017-05-09 - Current report 2017-04-26 - Current report 
Investment RoundsTrilogy Metals Inc. recieved 1 investments.
PeopleWe have found 59 people related to Trilogy Metals Inc..
Similar companiesTRILOGY GAMING CORP, TRILOGY DEVELOPMENT GROUP INC ET AL, TRILOGY SOFTWARE INC, TRILOGY GLOBAL ADVISORS LP, TRILOGY INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY FUND LP, TRILOGY EDGE FUND LP, TRILOGY FINANCIAL PARTNERS, L.P., TRILOGY FINANCIAL PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL LTD, Trilogy Investors LLC, Trilogy Capital Holdings CORP, Trilogy, Inc., Trilogy Investment Partners LP, TRILOGY ENERGY TRUST, Trilogy Glass, LLC, Trilogy Studios Inc, Trilogy International Partners Partners LLC, TRILOGY HEALTH HOLDINGS LLC, TRILOGY SPECIAL SITUATIONS FUND L P, TRILOGY CAPITAL, LLC, Trilogy: Non-US Equity Offshore LP, Trilogy Ventures LLC, TRILOGY METALS INC, TRILOGY COMMERCIAL LENDING LLC, Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc., TRILOGY SPECIAL SITUATIONS INTERNATIONAL LTD, TRILOGY INTERNATIONAL FUNDS PLC - TRILOGY GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED, TRILOGY ENERGY ALLIANCE, LLC, Trilogy Capital Fund I, LLC, Trilogy Antioch, LLC, Trilogy Spa Holdings, LLC, Trilogy Investment Funds PLC-Trilogy Emerging Wealth Fund, Trilogy Investment Funds plc - Trilogy Emerging Markets Fund, TRILOGY INVESTMENT FUND PLC - THE VALANT SERIES EMERGING MARKETS FUND, Trilogy Cayman Feeder Ltd, Trilogy Master Fund Ltd, Trilogy Consulting, LLC, Trilogy WBO Realty Limited Partnership, Trilogy International New Zealand LLC, Trilogy Real Estate Investment Trust, Trilogy Lacrosse, LLC, Trilogy International Partners Inc., Trilogy Mentors, LLC














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Trilogy Metals Inc.. 







	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 











Tutoring Services Richmond, VA - Care.com














































Menu











Menu











Log inJoin now


Child Care



Tutoring



Senior Care



Pet Care



Housekeeping



How it works


Log in

Join now












   
















Go


























Join now



Already a member? 
Sign in








Home
Child Care
Senior Care
Pet Care
Housekeeping
How it works







Sub-categories


Summer Tutors
After School Tutors
Private Tutors






More Care Options


Test Prep Tutors Richmond, VA
Part-Time Tutoring Jobs in Richmond, VA
Richmond Algebra Tutoring Jobs
Best Tutoring Jobs in Richmond, VA
Richmond After School Tutoring Jobs







 















Richmond Tutoring Services







Check out Care.com's dozens of options for Tutoring Services in Richmond. Let our members help you get on the path to academic success today! 




Join free to get started









When do you need care?




Right Now


Right Now




Within a week


Within a week




In 1-2 months


In 1-2 months




Just browsing


Just browsing


 
 
 



Tutors>Tutoring Services>Tutoring Services in Richmond, VA







Get Help Today!













Trilogy Mentors, LLC 

3126 West Cary Street,
Richmond, VA 23226

Phone: 914-523-0067


 Trilogy Mentors was designed to bridge the gap between local Universities and the communities surrounding them through quality child care and tutoring services. Utilizing the best and the brightest at...


Est. 2015
Established 2015




















Tutor Doctor 

7400 Beaufont Springs Drive Suite 300 906,
Richmond, VA 23225

Phone: 804-536-6658


 Since 2000, Tutor Doctor has been the trusted name in private tutoring services. Our skilled tutors have extensive training and experience helping students of all ages. We take the time to assess an i...


Est. 2017
Established 2017




















Activate Academic Life Coaching 

1302 Severn Road,
Richmond, VA 23229

Phone: 804-833-4548


 Students who participate in coaching will: Discover their core motivations and how to use them effectivelyIncrease self-awareness, critical to career successImprove decision making skills...


Est. 2016
Established 2016




















Friday social groups 

2601 E. Weyburn Rd,
Richmond, VA 23235

Phone: 804-678-8706


 This is a once a week social group for high functioning students on the autism spectrum. My name is Patrick and I have been teaching high school students with autism for the last six years. In additio...


Est. 2016
Established 2016



















1




Showing 1
- 4
of 4












Join free today
Sign up now! It only takes a few minutes.

Let's go



I'd like to...


Find care


Apply to care jobs




Who needs care?

My kids
My parents
My pets
My household



What type of ?

Babysitter
Nanny
Daycare center
Special needs
Tutoring and lessons
Date night
After school
I'm not exactly sure


Pet sitter
Dog walker
Pet day care
Boarding/kenneling
Groomer
Veterinarian


Housekeeper
Cleaning agency
House sitter
Personal assistant


In-home care
Transportation
Errands
Retirement facility
Dementia care
Companion care



When do you need ?

Right now
Within a week 
Within a month or two
Just browsing



What services do you offer?

Babysitting and nannying
Special needs care
Tutoring or private lessons
Center-based child care
Senior care
Housekeeping
In-home child care
Pet care
Errands and house sitting



What best describes you?

Individual 
Small business




Last, but not least...
Fill in the blanks to create your account.


Thanks—you're almost there.
Create your login below.




First Name 


Last Name 


Address



City, State and ZIP 


Email 


Password 



I am a

Babysitter
Nanny
Child Care Center
Family Child Care (In-Home Daycare)
Special Needs Provider
Tutor
Private Lesson Instructor
Senior Care Provider
Nurse
Pet Care Provider
Housekeeper
Errands & Odd Jobs Provider



How did you hear about us?

Parenting Group or Forum
Banner Ad
Facebook
Other Social Media (Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, LinkedIn)
TV Ad
Press Coverage (News, Magazine, Blog)
Friends or Family
Search Engine (Google, Bing)
Online Video (Hulu, Youtube)
Other




By clicking "Join now", you agree to our Terms of Use and
Privacy Policy.

































Email 


Password 


ZIP Code 

By clicking "Join now", you agree to our Terms of Use and
Privacy Policy.






First name



Last name



Address



City, State and ZIP



How did you hear about us?

Parenting Group or Forum
Banner Ad
Facebook
Other Social Media (Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, LinkedIn)
TV Ad
Press Coverage (News, Magazine, Blog)
Friends or Family
Search Engine (Google, Bing)
Online Video (Hulu, Youtube)
Other




By clicking "Join now", you agree to our Terms of Use and
Privacy Policy.







Already a member? Sign in
Not looking for ? Go back














Sub-categories


Summer Tutors
After School Tutors
Private Tutors





More Care Options


Test Prep Tutors Richmond, VA
Part-Time Tutoring Jobs in Richmond, VA
Richmond Algebra Tutoring Jobs
Best Tutoring Jobs in Richmond, VA
Richmond After School Tutoring Jobs






Additional Tutoring Resources

All Richmond Care
Virginia Tutoring Services








Put Care.com to work for you.
Create a free profile and apply for care  jobs in your area.


Join now for free


Already a member?
Sign in


















There for you. Where you go.
































About Us


Care Directory


For Business






Terms of Use


Privacy Policy








Care.com is the world's largest online destination for care. We connect families with caregivers and caring companies to help you be there for the ones you love.
Care.com does not employ any care provider or care seeker nor is it responsible for the conduct of any care provider or care seeker. Care.com provides information and tools to help care seekers and care providers connect and make informed decisions. However, each individual is solely responsible for selecting an appropriate care provider or care seeker for themselves or their families and for complying with all applicable laws in connection with any employment relationship they establish. The information contained in member profiles, job posts and applications are supplied by care providers and care seekers themselves and is not information generated or verified by Care.com. Care.com does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment or engage in any conduct that requires a professional license.
Care.com and "There for you" are
service marks or registered service marks of Care.com, Inc.
©
2007-2017 Care.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















