 



Triloma


















































About Triloma
Headquartered in Winter Park, Florida, Triloma provides unique alternative investment opportunities to individual investors.
The Triloma Way
Meet The Team









THE TRILOMA WAY
We have carefully crafted an experienced team of industry leaders in order to create opportunities with a fresh perspective. Our team is rooted in a culture that esteems integrity in all aspects of our business, resulting in the establishment of deep and lasting relationships. 








Our team is immersed in a culture that is based on a blend of conservatism, creativity and pioneering, resulting in best-in-class partnerships within the investment community. As advocates for the investor, we emphasize loyalty and integrity in every partnership and investment, from start to finish. 









×
Barry Goff



                          Barry Goff is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. In this role, Barry is responsible for the overall management of the firm’s private equity and real estate investment opportunities and asset management activities. Barry also serves as a trustee and chairman of the board for the Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds, and is a member of the investment committee of Triloma Energy Advisors, which is responsible for approving all investments of the Triloma energy funds.
                        

                          Barry has 18 years of experience in the alternative investments industry, most recently serving as a managing director with Tavistock Group, the private investment vehicle of Forbes billionaire Joe Lewis. During his tenure at Tavistock, Barry also served as a principal and chief executive officer of Tavistock Restaurants, where he and his team assembled and operated a portfolio of almost 100 restaurants. Additionally, Barry organized and led Tavistock Capital Group, which focused exclusively on originating and investing in various U.S.-based distressed asset opportunities, and also served as chairman of Tavistock Group’s U.S. investment committee. Prior to joining Tavistock, Barry spent five years at CNL Financial Group serving as the chief investment officer and president of CNL Restaurant Properties, Inc., where he was responsible for more than $1.4 billion of real estate investments and over $100 million of legacy equity and mezzanine funds. Barry also served as a member of the CNL Financial Group Chairman’s Executive Committee, participating in strategic planning and oversight for all CNL real estate investment trusts. Also a tax attorney, Barry practiced law from 1988 to 1998 in Los Angeles, California, and Orlando, Florida.
                        

                          Barry received his B.S. degree in Accounting from the University of Central Florida, a J.D. from the University of Florida Levin College of Law, and an LL.M degree from New York University School of Law.
                        

                          Barry’s nonprofit activities include serving as chairman of the board of Legacy Pointe, a continuing care retirement community at the University of Central Florida, as well as serving on two boards for Young Life.
                        

                          Barry currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife of over 30 years and has four children.
                        







×
Larry Goff



                          Larry Goff is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, and also serves as chief executive officer of Triloma Securities where he oversees the Due Diligence and National Accounts teams. Larry spends most of his time in the field building Triloma’s syndicate by developing the broker-dealer relationships he’s cultivated throughout his 25 years in the industry.                                                   Prior to Triloma, Larry served as a wholesaler, national sales manager, and finally, executive vice president of business development of CNL Securities Corp. During his tenure at CNL, Larry hired, trained and supervised their capital markets group, a team that raised more than $8 billion under his leadership. Additionally, Larry’s deep, personal relationships allowed him to craft customized selling agreements for a variety of successful securities offerings by new product sponsor entrants into the independent broker-dealer channel, including multibillion-dollar syndication partnerships with CB Richard Ellis, Macquarie Bank and KKR.                                                   Larry holds FINRA Series 7, 22, 24, 39, 63 and 79 licenses.                                                   Larry was an early pioneer of the alternative investment industry trade association, the Investment Program Association, serving as its chairman for five years, and is its longest serving board member. In 2011, the Alternative and Direct Investment Securities Association honored Larry as one of their “Legends of Real Estate.”                                                   Like many members of the Triloma team, Larry is actively involved in Beauty for Ashes Uganda, a nonprofit organization started by his daughter, that empowers women (especially single mothers) to reach long-term sustainability for their families through co-ops, business loans, literacy training and education.                                                   Larry currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife, and has three grown daughters and five grandchildren.                        







×
Nathan Headrick



                          Nathan Headrick is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, and also serves as the chief strategy officer for Triloma Securities. In this role, Nathan is responsible for identifying and overseeing the firm’s product offerings, including securities design, underwriting and distribution, corporate policy and risk management. Additionally, Nathan leads Triloma’s investment banking group.
                        
                          Prior to joining Triloma, Nathan founded and sold DDWizard.com, an online securities due diligence software analysis tool. Previously, Nathan held several senior leadership roles within the CNL family of companies, including general counsel of their capital markets group, chief legal officer of Corporate Capital Trust, and chief compliance officer and general counsel of CNL Securities. Prior to CNL, Nathan served as president of Bluerock Capital Markets. Under his leadership, these firms raised over $6 billion in public alternative investment capital. With over 11 years of experience, Nathan has placed $15 billion of public and private equity securities into the alternative investment marketplace, including partnerships with EIG Partners, KKR, the Macquarie Group and CB Richard Ellis. Also a lawyer, Nathan practiced law as a corporate attorney with Foley & Lardner LLP from 2004-2007.                         
                          Nathan received B.A. degrees in Political Science and International Studies from the University of North Carolina, a ThM from Harvard University and a J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center. Nathan is also a registered FINRA arbitrator, and holds Series 7, 24, 63, 79 and 99 licenses.
                        

                          Nathan was recently named chair-elect of the Investment Program Association’s (IPA) board of directors, and is the founder and recent chairman of the Policy Advocacy Committee, which acts as the alternative investment industry’s primary lobbying voice. His community activities include service on the boards of the Florida Children’s Hospital, Class of 1938 Foundation, the Orange County Regional History Center, Junior Achievement of Florida and United Cerebral Palsy of Central Florida. Nathan also serves as a trustee of Griffin Institutional Access Real Estate Fund, a public, 40 Act interval fund.
                        

                          Nathan was inducted into the American Bar Association Order of the Golden Fleece in 1996, and Order of the Silver Key in 2003. In 2008, Nathan was inducted into the bar of the United States Supreme Court, and is a member of the DC Court of Appeals Bar and the Florida State Bar Association. The same year, Nathan received Orlando Business Journal’s “Top 40 Under 40” award, which recognizes the 40 most influential business persons in Central Florida under the age of 40. In 2012, Nathan was appointed a term on the FINRA Corporate Finance Committee.
                        

                          Nathan currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife, and has five children.
                        







×
Michael Wood


Mike Wood is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. In this role, Mike oversees the day-to-day operations and accounting activities of the firm, while working to develop its external relationships and opportunities for new fund partnerships. Additionally, Mike is chief investment officer of Triloma Energy Advisors where he is responsible for exploring new investment opportunities in the energy sector. Mike is also a member of the investment committee of Triloma Energy Advisors, which is responsible for approving all investments of the Triloma energy funds.                         
                          Prior to joining Triloma, Mike spent 25 years in the alternative investment industry, most recently serving as executive vice president of Tavistock Group, the private investment vehicle of Forbes billionaire Joe Lewis, and chief operating officer of Tavistock Capital Group. During his tenure at Tavistock, Mike was responsible for sourcing, structuring and closing acquisitions. Previously, Mike served as an executive officer at CNL Financial Group, where his broad range of responsibilities included acquisitions, asset management, workouts, treasury, finance and strategic planning. In his eight years at CNL, Mike also served as chief operating officer of CNL Restaurant Properties, with responsibilities for more than $1.4 billion in real estate assets, and represented the eighteen CNL Income Funds in a $2.5 billion merger with publicly-traded U.S. Restaurant Properties.
                        

                          Mike received his B.S. and M.B.A. degrees from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
                        

                          Like many members of the Triloma team, Mike is actively involved in Beauty for Ashes Uganda, a nonprofit organization that empowers impoverished women (especially single mothers) to reach long-term sustainability for their families through co-ops, literacy and farming training and childhood education.
                        

                          Mike currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife of 29 years, and has two grown children.
                        







×
Nick Dolya


Nick Dolya is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, bringing almost 18 years of alternative investment industry experience to the organization. Nick also serves as president of Triloma Securities where he is responsible for new product development, marketing, operations and overseeing the sales activities for the company.  Previously, Nick served as executive vice president and chief marketing officer of Chambers Street Properties (currently Gramercy Property Trust, Inc.; NYSE: GPT) where he oversaw all marketing activities and investor relations. Prior to his term at Chambers Street, Nick was director of Capital Markets for CBRE Advisors, LLC (CBRE). In this role, he developed the first third-party distributed real estate investment trust in the independent broker-dealer network by initiating and negotiating a relationship with CBRE to distribute CB Richard Ellis Realty Trust. Additionally, he was responsible for raising $2.5 billion in equity and overseeing all capital-raising activities, including coordinating relationships with the dealer manager, participating brokers and transfer agents. Earlier in his career, Nick held various roles within the CNL family of companies, including senior vice president of operations and platform development for CNL Capital Markets. While at CNL, he was in charge of overseeing operations, new product development and structuring of joint ventures.
Nick received his Bachelor of Business Administration from Viterbo University and a Master of Business Administration from Rollins College. 
Nick was born in Dubna, Russia, and came to the United States at the age of 15. In 2006 he became an American citizen. He currently resides in Winter Park, Florida, with his wife and three children.







×
Deryck Harmer



                            Deryck Harmer serves as the president and chief executive officer of the Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds and as president and chief executive officer of Triloma Energy Advisors. In this role, Deryck is responsible for the overall management and administration of the funds. Additionally, Deryck is a member of the investment committee of Triloma Energy Advisors, which is responsible for approving all investments of the Triloma energy funds.                        

                          Prior to joining Triloma, Deryck spent over 11 years at CNL Financial Group, most recently as chief strategy officer, member of the operating committee and member of the board of directors for CNL Securities Corp., a FINRA registered broker-dealer. His responsibilities at CNL Financial Group included a variety of roles across the investment management and capital markets divisions, with experience creating, managing and raising capital for alternative investment vehicles. While at CNL Financial Group, Deryck also served as senior vice president and launched Corporate Capital Trust, a public non-traded business development company advised by CNL Fund Advisors Company and KKR Asset Management. Deryck served as senior vice president and investment committee member of CNL Fund Advisors Company, leading its investment and operating activities. Prior to joining CNL Financial Group, Deryck performed a broad range of tax services for PricewaterhouseCoopers.
                        

                          Deryck received his B.S. degree, summa cum laude, in Accounting from Florida State University, and an M.B.A. with a concentration in Finance from Rollins College. Deryck holds FINRA Series 7 and 24 licenses, is a Certified Commercial Investment Member and a Certified Financial Planner professional.
                        

                          Deryck currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife, and has two children.
                        







×
James Hendrix



                            James (“Jimmy”) Hendrix is chief investment officer of Triloma Senior Housing, LLC. Jimmy is responsible for identifying, underwriting and acquiring senior housing investments for the firm. Additionally, he’s focused on developing Triloma’s healthcare platform by contracting with quality operators, overseeing asset management, establishing Triloma’s DST 1031 Exchange program and growing the Triloma Senior Housing team.
                        

                          Jimmy joined the Triloma team with more than 14 years of investment industry experience, having previously served as vice president of acquisitions for Bridge Seniors Housing Fund where he participated in the fund’s acquisitions and development activities as well its continuing care retirement community initiatives. Prior to Bridge Seniors Housing, Jimmy served as chief financial officer/chief operating officer for First Presbyterian Church of Orlando where he was responsible for overseeing all aspects of the church’s downtown Orlando campus, school and staff, as well as managing the annual budget and maintaining long-term fiscal health for the organization. Previously, he served has senior vice president of investments for The Legacy Companies and director of acquisitions for CNL Retirement Properties.
                        

                          Jimmy received a B.A. in Psychology from Wake Forest University and an M.B.A. from Rollins College Crummer School of Management.
                        

                          In his spare time, he serves as a member of the board of governors for The Geneva School.
                        

                          Jimmy resides in Orlando with his wife and three children.
                        














Barry Goff
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial GroupChairman of the BoardTriloma EIG Energy Income Funds
Barry Goff is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. In this role, Barry is responsible...
Read More







Larry Goff
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial Group
Chief Executive OfficerTriloma Securities
Larry Goff is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. Larry serves as a chief executive...
Read More







Nathan Headrick
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial Group
Chief Strategy OfficerTriloma Securities
Nathan Headrick is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, and also serves as the...
Read More









Michael Wood
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial Group
Chief Investment OfficerTriloma Energy Advisors
Mike Wood is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. In this role, Mike oversees...
Read More







Nick Dolya
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial Group
PresidentTriloma Securities
Nick Dolya is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, bringing almost ...
Read More







Deryck Harmer
President & Chief Executive Officer 
                                        Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds
President & Chief Executive Officer 
                                        Triloma Energy Advisors
Deryck Harmer serves as the president and chief executive officer of the Triloma EIG Global Energy...
Read More









James Hendrix
Chief Investment OfficerTriloma Senior Housing
James (“Jimmy”) Hendrix is chief investment officer of Triloma Senior Housing, LLC. Jimmy is responsible for...
Read More

















                      You are now leaving the Triloma website and are being directed to the website of an affiliated Triloma entity.
                    


Close
Go to Website










                  You have requested a website that is created and maintained by an entity other than Triloma.
              


Close
Go to website


























Triloma EIG Global Energy Funds appoints Newsome as chief compliance officer - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Triloma EIG Global Energy Funds appoints Newsome as chief compliance officer


October 20, 2016
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Triloma EIG Global Energy Funds appoints Newsome as chief compliance officer
Triloma EIG Global Energy Funds has named Hope Newsome as chief compliance officer. Currently, Newsome is chief compliance officer of Triloma Energy Advisors, the Funds' adviser and secretary.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Triloma EIG Global Energy Funds has named Hope Newsome as chief compliance officer. Currently, Newsome is chief compliance officer of Triloma Energy Advisors, the Funds’ adviser and secretary.
PRESS RELEASE
WINTER PARK, FL–(Marketwired – October 20, 2016) – The board of Triloma EIG Global Energy Term Fund I and Triloma EIG Global Energy Fund (together, the “Funds”) announced today the appointment of Hope Newsome as chief compliance officer of the Funds. Until now, the Funds have relied on third-party compliance to help ensure their adherence to applicable regulatory requirements. With this appointment, the Funds will now have a full-time, dedicated chief compliance officer responsible for developing, administering and enforcing the Funds’ policies and procedures.
Newsome joined Triloma Securities in 2015, having spent four years as chief compliance officer of Newport Group Securities, a FINRA registered broker-dealer and SEC registered investment adviser. Prior to Newport Group, she held the positions of general counsel and chief compliance officer at International Assets Advisory, LLC, and as director of business practices and controls at AXA Equitable where she led a controls team that managed the review of more than 2,000 financial professionals across the United States.
Newsome currently serves as chief compliance officer of Triloma Energy Advisors, the Funds’ advisor, and secretary of the Funds, making her a natural choice for CCO of the Funds. “Hope’s knowledge of regulatory requirements, natural gift for practical execution of compliance activities, and her sharp business acumen make her more than just a compliance officer, but a true leader within the Funds,” said Deryck Harmer, president and chief executive officer of the Funds. 





The announcement comes less than one month after Sara Searle was named chief compliance officer for Triloma Securities. Searle plans to add two more members to her compliance team before year end as part of the firm’s continued strategic growth efforts.
About Triloma EIG Global Energy Term Fund I and Triloma EIG Global Energy Fund
Triloma EIG Global Energy Term Fund I and Triloma EIG Global Energy Fund are unlisted investment companies that invest primarily in global portfolios of privately originated energy company and project debt. Their investment objectives are to provide shareholders with current income, capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. The Funds are managed by Triloma Energy Advisors and EIG Credit Management Company, wholly owned subsidiaries of Triloma Financial Group and EIG Global Energy Partners, respectively. For additional information, please visit trilomaenergy.com.
About Triloma
Triloma Financial Group is a private investment management firm providing individuals with a unique approach to alternative investment opportunities. Triloma manages and sponsors a group of private and publicly offered investment programs focused on private equity, real estate and energy investments. Triloma specializes in thorough research, individual access, powerful partnerships and excellent service. Triloma is headquartered in Winter Park, Florida. For additional information, please visit triloma.com.
Securities offered through Triloma Securities, member FINRA/SIPC. Triloma Securities is a wholly owned subsidiary of Triloma Financial Group. 





About EIG Global Energy Partners
EIG Global Energy Partners (EIG) is a leading institutional investor to the global energy sector with $14 billion under management as of June 30, 2016. EIG specializes in private investments in energy and energy-related infrastructure on a global basis. During its 34-year history, EIG has invested over $22.7 billion in the sector in more than 312 projects or companies in 36 countries on six continents. EIG’s clients include many of the leading pension plans, insurance companies, endowments, foundations and sovereign wealth funds in the U.S., Asia and Europe. EIG is headquartered in Washington, D.C. with offices in Houston, London, Sydney, Rio de Janeiro, Hong Kong and Seoul. For more information, visit eigpartners.com.
Triloma and EIG are not affiliated.
This is not an offer. The respective offerings of the Funds’ common stock can be made solely by means of a written prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. The prospectuses and their supplements, which contain important information about the Funds, can be obtained upon request and without charge by writing to the Funds at 201 N. New York Ave., Suite 250, Winter Park, FL 32789, or by calling the Funds collect at 407-636-7115. Prospective investors should read the prospectuses and their supplements carefully before investing. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund carefully before investing. The prospectuses contain this and other information about the Funds. There can be no assurance that the Funds will achieve their investment objectives. 





The Funds’ investments in various types of debt securities and instruments may be secured, unsecured, rated and unrated, are subject to non-payment risk, and may be speculative in nature. Investments in senior secured debt present additional risks, including that there is a higher risk of default than with investment-grade bonds. Generally, investments in debt securities with longer-term maturities are subject to greater volatility than investments in shorter-term obligations. The Funds’ investments in energy companies expose the Funds to risks associated with adverse economic, environmental or regulatory occurrences affecting the energy sector, a higher volatility of the market and a downturn in the energy sector could have a larger impact on the Funds than on funds that are broadly diversified across many sectors and industries.
This press release may contain forward-looking statements identified by the use of words such as “outlook,” “indicator,” “believes,” “expects,” “potential,” “continues,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “predicts,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates,” “anticipates” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Triloma, EIG and the Funds believe these factors include, but are not limited to, those described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in the Fund’s registration statement, as such factors may be updated from time to time in its periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which are accessible on the SEC’s website at sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this release and in the Fund’s filings. Triloma, EIG and the Funds assume no obligation to update or supplement forward-looking statements that become untrue because of subsequent events for circumstances. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Triloma EIG Global Energy Funds appoints Newsome as chief compliance officer
Triloma EIG Global Energy Funds has named Hope Newsome as chief compliance officer. Currently, Newsome is chief compliance officer of Triloma Energy Advisors, the Funds' adviser and secretary.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Cambridge Associates, Bank of America, UBS are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 








































 


 



Triloma Energy









































    You have requested a website that is created and maintained by an entity other than Triloma.



Close
Go to website













Triloma EIG Energy Income Fund - Term IFinite Offering | Term Fund
Triloma EIG Energy Income FundContinuous Offering | Perpetual Fund
Triloma EIG Energy Income Fund - Term IFinite Offering | Term Fund
Triloma EIG Energy Income FundContinuous Offering | Perpetual Fund










The Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds are unlisted investment companies that invest primarily in a global portfolio of privately originated energy company and project debt. The Fundâs investment objective is primarily to provide shareholders with current income; as secondary investment objectives, the Fund will seek to provide capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation.1 They are managed by Triloma Energy Advisors and EIG Credit Management Company, and offer individuals an opportunity to invest in U.S. and non-U.S. energy companies and projects, in many instances alongside institutional investors.









1There can be no assurance that the Funds will achieve their investment objectives.
                        














                      You are now leaving the Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds website and are being directed to the website of an affiliated Triloma entity.
                    


Close
Go to Website

















Triloma Energy Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























triloma energy advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers portfolio management, financial planning, and consulting services. Triloma Energy Advisors serves clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

201 North New York Avenue
Suite 250
Winter Park, FL 32789
United States


Phone:
1-888-773-3526


Fax:
1-407-329-3745


Web url:
www.triloma.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Elizabeth Strouse


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































TRILOMA ENERGY ADVISORS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    TRILOMA ENERGY ADVISORS, LLC











Company number L15000006425
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 1/12/2015
        

Principal Address
            228 N PARK AVENUE, SUITE A, WINTER PARK, 32789
            


Mailing Address 228 N PARK AVENUE, SUITE A, WINTER PARK, FL, 32789
        
TRILOMA ENERGY ADVISORS, LLC Principals

Manager
                Triloma Financial Group Llc
                 


Address
                228 N PARK AVE SUITE A, WINTER PARK, FL, 32789
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name HEADRICK            NATHAN (p)
        

Agent Address
                3912 LOWER PARK RD, ORLANDO, FL, 32814
                

Description
TRILOMA ENERGY ADVISORS, LLC has been set up 1/12/2015 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The TRILOMA ENERGY ADVISORS, LLC principal adress is 228 N PARK AVENUE, SUITE A, WINTER PARK, 32789. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 228 N PARK AVENUE, SUITE A, WINTER PARK, FL, 32789. 
The company`s registered agent is HEADRICK            NATHAN 3912 LOWER PARK RD, ORLANDO, FL, 32814.  
The company`s management are Manager - Triloma Financial Group Llc.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
TRILOMA FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC
TRILOMA FLATS MANAGEMENT, LLC
TRILOMA LAND DEVELOPMENT, LLC
TRILOMA MANAGEMENT I, LLC
TRILOMA SECURITIES, LLC
TRILOMA SENIOR HOUSING, LLC
























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.



Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC Corporate Details

























 






Items

Commercial Real Estate
Vacant Land
Residential

Nearby Listings:



200 Carolina Ave Unit 303, $380000.00



345w Welbourne Ave, $950000.00



100 S Virginia Ave Unit 201, $1050000.00



210e Canton Ave, $1595000.00



125 S Interlachen Ave Unit 5, $2144000.00



102 S Interlachen Ave Unit 208, $389000.00



102 S Interlachen Ave Unit 209, $379000.00



535 N Interlachen Ave Unit 102, $309000.00



311 E Morse Blvd Unit 7-18, $259000.00



842 English Ct, $599900.00



961n Park Ave, $1375000.00



826w Lyman Ave, $599900.00



766s Pennsylvania Ave, $485000.00



808 Mcintyre Ave, $799000.00



639 Huntington Ave, $259000.00



 
 



Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC
Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC is a 
 Florida limited liability company
based in Winter Park.  
They registered with the Florida Department of State's Division of Corporations
on Jan 12, 2015.


Principal Address: 201 N New York Ave, Winter Park


Visulate is a real estate brokerage based in Mims, Florida.
We have assembled a directory of Florida companies as a research resource to assist in commercial real estate transactions.
Visulate.com is an independent website and is not affiliated with, nor has it been authorized, sponsored, or
otherwise approved by Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC





Florida Sunbiz Corporation Details



Corporation Number




StatusActive
Filing TypeFLAL
Filing DateJan 12, 2015
FEI Number
Principal Address


201 N New York Ave

Suite 250
Winter Park
FL 32789















Search Official Records and Other Sites



Florida UCC
Google
Bing
White Pages
Zip Local
Hoovers
Better Business Bureau



Florida License Search
 (Select "Search by Name")
Florida Workers' Comp Registration 
MyFloridaCounty.com
US Securities and Exchange Commission
US Trademark Search (Click on TESS search trademarks)



















Florida Trademark




(Links open in a separate window)


Use the links in the Official Records and Other Sites box to find additional information on Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC.  
White Pages, Zip Local and Hoovers are the links to use if you want to find a phone number for the company.  
You can also try clicking on the links in the Company Directors and Officers table below.   
The Florida License Search and Workers' Comp Registration links are useful for researching contractors and subcontractors.   


The Florida UCC, Federal Lien Registrations, Judgement Liens and MyFloridaCounty.com links are useful for researching company assets and liens.
You can also use the County Property Tax and Court Records box (below) for this.   
Use the Property Appraiser link to search for real estate records.  The Clerk of Courts can be used to access records of foreclosures, 
small claims, civil and criminal cases along with warranty deeds and mortgage notes records.
The principal address for Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC is in

Orange County FL.


Search County Property Tax and Court Records
Select a county from the list then click on the links to connect to the Property Appraiser or Clerk of Courts website


Select a County
Alachua
Baker
Bay
Bradford
Brevard
Broward
Calhoun
Charlotte
Citrus
Clay
Collier
Columbia
Dade
De Soto
Dixie
Duval
Escambia
Flagler
Franklin
Gadsden
Gilchrist
Glades
Gulf
Hamilton
Hardee
Hendry
Hernando
Highlands
Hillsborough
Holmes
Indian River
Jackson
Jefferson
Lafayette
Lake
Lee
Leon
Levy
Liberty
Madison
Manatee
Marion
Martin
Monroe
Nassau
Okaloosa
Okeechobee
Orange
Osceola
Palm Beach
Pasco
Pinellas
Polk
Putnam
Santa Rosa
Sarasota
Seminole
St. Johns
St. Lucie
Sumter
Suwannee
Taylor
Union
Volusia
Wakulla
Walton
Washington




Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC Directors and Officers

The following table lists the directors and officers for Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC.
It shows their name and position within the company.  It also shows possible
addresses and related companies for the officer based on their name.  These
are addresses and companies associated with a person of that name.  Their 
inclusion in the table does not indicate anything more than a potential relationship between Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC
and the address or company.  


NamePositionPossible AddressPossible Related Companies

Triloma Financial Group, Llc


Officer (MGR)


Financial Triloma
201 N New York Ave
Winter Park
FL 32789
(Orange County)

Financial Triloma
201 North New York Ave
Winter Park
FL 32789
(Orange County)

Financial Triloma
201 North New York Ave Suite 250
Winter Park
FL 32789
(Orange County)

Financial Triloma
228 N Park Ave Suite A
Winter Park
FL 32789
(Orange County)

The following companies have a director or officer called Financial Triloma
 Triloma Land Development, LLC -
Officer (MGR)
 Triloma Securities, LLC -
Officer (MGR)
 Triloma Senior Housing, LLC -
Officer (MGR)



Newsome             Hope


Registered Agent



Hope Newsome
201 N New York Ave
Winter Park
FL 32789
(Orange County)

Hope Newsome
201 North New York Ave
Winter Park
FL 32789
(Orange County)

The following companies have a director or officer called Hope Newsome
 Triloma Financial Group, LLC -
Registered Agent

 Triloma Land Development, LLC -
Registered Agent

 Triloma Securities, LLC -
Registered Agent

 Triloma Senior Housing, LLC -
Registered Agent




Principal Location
Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC is located at 201 N New York Ave in Winter Park.







Companies Located Nearby

101 S New York Ave - Douglas Winter Park Limited Partnership 
101 S New York Ave - Winter Park Condominium Limited Partnership 
101 S New York Ave - Douglas Partners Realty, LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Douglas Partners  Ii, LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Douglas Winter Park Partners, Inc. 
101 S New York Ave - Douglas Land, Inc. 
101 S New York Ave - Rd Tyson, LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Douglas Westside Mezz, LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Sighthound, Inc. 
101 S New York Ave - Steven Powell, M.D., P.A. 
101 S New York Ave - Angela Majors LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Snapshots LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Powell Real Estate Associates, L.L.C. 
101 S New York Ave - 3rd Court Marion, L.L.C. 
101 S New York Ave - Magnolia Crystal River, L.L.C. 
101 S New York Ave - Graham-Forsyth Nc, L.L.C. 
101 S New York Ave - Georgia 2800, L.L.C. 
101 S New York Ave - Atlas Affiliated LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Conch Sisters, LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Summer Sisters, LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Jz Property Inc 
101 S New York Ave - Jz Finance Services Inc 
300 N New York Ave - Florida Domus Holdings, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Brownstone Associates, P.A. 
201 N New York Ave - Crush What, Inc. 
201 N New York Avenue Suite 250 - Triloma Capital, LLC 
201 N New York Avenue 3rd Floor - Yarmuth Family, Ltd. 
201 N New York Avenue 3rd Floor - Yarmuth Foundation, Inc. 
201 North New York Ave - Gib-Invest LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Roche 6, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Castle Keep 8, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Wilton 10, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Middleton May I, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Westside Land Investments, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Property Phoenix, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Castle Keep, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Middleton May Ii, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - Snow & Associates Development Company, LLC 
201 North New York Ave - American Icon Resorts, Inc. 
201 N New York Ave - Triloma Securities, LLC 
201 N New York Ave - Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC 
201 N New York Ave - Triloma Capital Partners, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Adam C. Dudley Associates, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Healing Home Therapy, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Orlando Lawnscapes, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Maintain Systems Landscaping, Corporation 
200 Carolina Ave #204 - Moving On International Inc. 
P O Box 1838 - Jp Ii, LLC. 
300 N New York Ave - Professional Administrators, LLC 
301 N New York Ave - Friends Fund Rising, Inc. 
301 N New York Ave - Rimex Food, Inc. 
300 North New York Avenue #1477 - Gnr Family LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Real Property Operating Co. 
300 North New York Ave - Arnott Maintenance Enterprises Inc 
300 North New York Ave - Wheeler Property Holdings LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Health Traders, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Creative Endeavours Services, LLC 
300 N New York Ave #1647 - 4-Way Fitness & Health, LLC. 
300 N New York Ave - Steputat & Company, Inc. 
300 N New York Ave - Arg Investments, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Cacquire LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Oce West Orange, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Oce Mount Dora, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Oce Golden Gem, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Cacquire Reo, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Arg Reo, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Orange County Environmental, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Mjn Holdings, Inc. 
300 N New York Ave - Oce Landfill Management, Inc. 
300 N New York Ave - Santiago De Compostela Holdings, L.L.C. 
300 N New York Ave #763 - Halo International LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Expert Computing Services LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Snaps Kingfisher, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Triple Q Properties, LLC 
300 N New York Ave - Resort Childcare, Inc. 
300 North New York Ave - Southeastern Investment Securities, L.L.C. 
300 N New York Ave - Gns Commercial Capital, LLC 
300 North New York Avenue #2395 - Center For Aggression Management, Inc. 
302 N New York Ave - The Bride Box, Inc. 
311 N New York Ave - Wp Laundromat  L.L.C 
250 Carolina Ave - Passport Luxury Guides, LLC 
250 Carolina Ave - Winter Park Weddings, LLC 
250 Carolina Ave #306-B - Folieadeux Partnership, Ltd. 
250 Carolina Ave - Magruder Consulting, Inc. 
250 Carolina Ave - Startups Inc. 
201 N New York Ave - Sonny'S Franchise Company 
201 N New York Ave - E & B Consultants, LLC 
201 N New York Ave - Triloma Financial Group, LLC 
201 N New York Ave - Sonny'S Advertising Fund, Inc. 
201 N New York Ave - Crush What, Inc. 
250 Carolina Ave - Securities Arbitration Analysis  LLC 
250 Carolina Ave - Park West Unit 405b, LLC. 
101 South New York Ave - Law Offices Of Sean F. Bogle, P.A. 
101 S New York Avenue Suite 205 - Law Offices Of Kim Michael Cullen, P.A. 
101 S New York Aveue - J Force Holdings LLC 
101 S New York Ave - Robert N. Hemphill Plc 
101 S New York Ave - Cullen & Hemphill, Plc 
300 Garfield Ave - Structural Waterproofing Company, Inc. 
Pobox 1838 - Jp Iii, LLC 
% Graham Clark Pohl & Jones - M & T Realty Trust 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Properties Multi-Family Opportunity Fund V, Ltd. 
359 Carolina Ave - Leisure Hospitality Group, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Opportunity Iv, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Gilbert Town Square Apartments, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi Maitland, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Maitland Station Apartments, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi Pasco, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Pasco Apartments, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Opportunity V, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Pr Iii/Epoch Nona Park Apartments, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi Gilbert Square, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Management, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Properties Multi-Family Opportunity Fund, Ltd. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Properties Multi-Family Opportunity Fund Ii, Ltd. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Properties Multi-Family Opportunity Fund Iii, Ltd. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Properties Multi-Family Opportunity Fund Iv, Ltd. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Opportunity, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Stone Oak Apartments, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Opportunity Ii, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Nona Park Apartments, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Houston Apartments, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Downtown Phoenix Apartments, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Parmer Lane, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Parmer Lane Iii, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Station House, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi Downtown Phoenix, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Parmer Lane, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Realty, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Uptown Lofts At Altamonte, Ltd. 
359 Carolina Ave - Las Ventanas At Boynton Beach, Ltd. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Southpoint Investment Partners, Ltd. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Development, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Timescape Management, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Timescape Marketing, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch-Wildflower, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Jp Aviation, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Wildflower, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Southpoint, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Timescape Resorts, LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Coventry Park LLC 
359 Carolina Ave - Epoch Construction, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Uptown Lofts Equity, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi-Boynton Equity, Inc. 
359 Carolina Ave - Epi Osceola, Inc. 
350 Carolina Ave Ste 202 - Rssj Associates, L.L.C. 


Welcome to Visulate

Winter Park Real Estate
My name is Sue Goldthorp, owner and co-founder of Visulate.
           Visulate is a real estate brokerage based in Mims, Florida.
           We have assembled a database with details of every property and company
           in Florida.
           We can help buy or sell real estate anywhere in Florida.
Contact us if you want to buy or sell real estate in Winter Park 

Email:




Disclaimers and Disclosures
The information on this page was compiled from public records.   It is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed to be an accurate snapshot of the company at that time.  All information should be independently verified.
The Visulate site was produced from data and information compiled from recorded documents and/or outside public and private sources. Visulate is not the custodian of public records and does not assume responsibility for errors or omissions in the data it displays or for its misuse by any individual.
In the event of either error or omission, Visulate and any 3rd party data provider shall be held harmless from any damages arising from the use of records displayed on the site.
 




Copyright © Visulate ® LLC 2007, 2017.
    
Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions.
    

 
 
 

 

Triloma Energy Advisors LLC | Wealthminder











































Triloma Energy Advisors LLC


Triloma Energy Advisors LLC
(CRD# 175326) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Winter Park, FL.
They
manage $2,719,054 in 2 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Triloma Energy Advisors LLC




201 North New York Avenue, Suite 250,
Winter Park,
FL
32789
1-888-773-3526
http://www.triloma.com




http://www.triloma.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

3
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

2
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,359,527







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees
Other






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL






Financial Advisors at Triloma Energy Advisors LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Hope L. Newsome



CRD#:
3267142



201 North New York Avenue, Suite 250,
Winter Park,
FL
32789




93

Wealthminder
score








Hope Newsome (CRD# 3267142) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Triloma Energy Advisors LLC in Winter Park, FL and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Sara P. Searle



CRD#:
6380470



201 North New York Avenue, Suite 250,
Winter Park,
FL
32789




88

Wealthminder
score








Sara Searle (CRD# 6380470) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Triloma Energy Advisors LLC in Winter Park, FL and has 
over 2 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














 



Triloma

















































Triloma Financial Group is a leading private investment management firm that manages and sponsors a group of private and publicly-offered investment programs focused on private equity, real estate and energy investments.
About Triloma
Our Approach









We are the experienced and trusted authority sponsoring unique and thoughtful alternative investments.




The Triloma Way
Learn more about “The Triloma Way” and what we believe sets our platform…
Learn More




Culture Of Integrity
Our team is rooted in a culture that esteems integrity in all aspects of business, resulting in the establishment of deep and lasting relationships...
Meet The Team




















“When I think about Triloma, I think about why I chose to build my career here. Triloma stands for exceptional values, integrity, experience, and a unique relationship-based business model.”
                                                    - Nathan Headrick,  Managing Director & Founder





















We have cultivated a dynamic team of trusted advisors and industry leaders

                                    that offer excellent investment services with integrity and credibility…
                                    










As Triloma continues to grow, so does our collective experience.

                                    The Triloma team offers deep and collective experience as one of the more seasoned investment management teams in the alternative investment space. In total, our team has raised billions of dollars through high-demand investments and powerful partnerships.
                                    
















                      You are now leaving the Triloma website and are being directed to the website of an affiliated Triloma entity.
                    


Close
Go to Website










                  You have requested a website that is created and maintained by an entity other than Triloma.
              


Close
Go to website



















 



Triloma

















































OUR EXPERIENCE









Over the last 25 years the team at Triloma has been active in the alternative investment space.















With a combined 100 years of experience, we have successfully been a part of raising over $10 billion across many different asset classes, including senior housing, institutional, restaurants, real estate, hospitality and various debt vehicles. 










As protectors of each investment, our culture is grounded in integrity and loyalty, which has led our team to cultivate some of the most sought-after investments and partnerships in the industry.














                      You are now leaving the Triloma website and are being directed to the website of an affiliated Triloma entity.
                    


Close
Go to Website










                  You have requested a website that is created and maintained by an entity other than Triloma.
              


Close
Go to website



















 



Triloma

















































Triloma Financial Group is a leading private investment management firm that manages and sponsors a group of private and publicly-offered investment programs focused on private equity, real estate and energy investments.
About Triloma
Our Approach









We are the experienced and trusted authority sponsoring unique and thoughtful alternative investments.




The Triloma Way
Learn more about “The Triloma Way” and what we believe sets our platform…
Learn More




Culture Of Integrity
Our team is rooted in a culture that esteems integrity in all aspects of business, resulting in the establishment of deep and lasting relationships...
Meet The Team




















“When I think about Triloma, I think about why I chose to build my career here. Triloma stands for exceptional values, integrity, experience, and a unique relationship-based business model.”
                                                    - Nathan Headrick,  Managing Director & Founder





















We have cultivated a dynamic team of trusted advisors and industry leaders

                                    that offer excellent investment services with integrity and credibility…
                                    










As Triloma continues to grow, so does our collective experience.

                                    The Triloma team offers deep and collective experience as one of the more seasoned investment management teams in the alternative investment space. In total, our team has raised billions of dollars through high-demand investments and powerful partnerships.
                                    
















                      You are now leaving the Triloma website and are being directed to the website of an affiliated Triloma entity.
                    


Close
Go to Website










                  You have requested a website that is created and maintained by an entity other than Triloma.
              


Close
Go to website



















 



Triloma


















































About Triloma
Headquartered in Winter Park, Florida, Triloma provides unique alternative investment opportunities to individual investors.
The Triloma Way
Meet The Team









THE TRILOMA WAY
We have carefully crafted an experienced team of industry leaders in order to create opportunities with a fresh perspective. Our team is rooted in a culture that esteems integrity in all aspects of our business, resulting in the establishment of deep and lasting relationships. 








Our team is immersed in a culture that is based on a blend of conservatism, creativity and pioneering, resulting in best-in-class partnerships within the investment community. As advocates for the investor, we emphasize loyalty and integrity in every partnership and investment, from start to finish. 









×
Barry Goff



                          Barry Goff is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. In this role, Barry is responsible for the overall management of the firm’s private equity and real estate investment opportunities and asset management activities. Barry also serves as a trustee and chairman of the board for the Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds, and is a member of the investment committee of Triloma Energy Advisors, which is responsible for approving all investments of the Triloma energy funds.
                        

                          Barry has 18 years of experience in the alternative investments industry, most recently serving as a managing director with Tavistock Group, the private investment vehicle of Forbes billionaire Joe Lewis. During his tenure at Tavistock, Barry also served as a principal and chief executive officer of Tavistock Restaurants, where he and his team assembled and operated a portfolio of almost 100 restaurants. Additionally, Barry organized and led Tavistock Capital Group, which focused exclusively on originating and investing in various U.S.-based distressed asset opportunities, and also served as chairman of Tavistock Group’s U.S. investment committee. Prior to joining Tavistock, Barry spent five years at CNL Financial Group serving as the chief investment officer and president of CNL Restaurant Properties, Inc., where he was responsible for more than $1.4 billion of real estate investments and over $100 million of legacy equity and mezzanine funds. Barry also served as a member of the CNL Financial Group Chairman’s Executive Committee, participating in strategic planning and oversight for all CNL real estate investment trusts. Also a tax attorney, Barry practiced law from 1988 to 1998 in Los Angeles, California, and Orlando, Florida.
                        

                          Barry received his B.S. degree in Accounting from the University of Central Florida, a J.D. from the University of Florida Levin College of Law, and an LL.M degree from New York University School of Law.
                        

                          Barry’s nonprofit activities include serving as chairman of the board of Legacy Pointe, a continuing care retirement community at the University of Central Florida, as well as serving on two boards for Young Life.
                        

                          Barry currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife of over 30 years and has four children.
                        







×
Larry Goff



                          Larry Goff is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, and also serves as chief executive officer of Triloma Securities where he oversees the Due Diligence and National Accounts teams. Larry spends most of his time in the field building Triloma’s syndicate by developing the broker-dealer relationships he’s cultivated throughout his 25 years in the industry.                                                   Prior to Triloma, Larry served as a wholesaler, national sales manager, and finally, executive vice president of business development of CNL Securities Corp. During his tenure at CNL, Larry hired, trained and supervised their capital markets group, a team that raised more than $8 billion under his leadership. Additionally, Larry’s deep, personal relationships allowed him to craft customized selling agreements for a variety of successful securities offerings by new product sponsor entrants into the independent broker-dealer channel, including multibillion-dollar syndication partnerships with CB Richard Ellis, Macquarie Bank and KKR.                                                   Larry holds FINRA Series 7, 22, 24, 39, 63 and 79 licenses.                                                   Larry was an early pioneer of the alternative investment industry trade association, the Investment Program Association, serving as its chairman for five years, and is its longest serving board member. In 2011, the Alternative and Direct Investment Securities Association honored Larry as one of their “Legends of Real Estate.”                                                   Like many members of the Triloma team, Larry is actively involved in Beauty for Ashes Uganda, a nonprofit organization started by his daughter, that empowers women (especially single mothers) to reach long-term sustainability for their families through co-ops, business loans, literacy training and education.                                                   Larry currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife, and has three grown daughters and five grandchildren.                        







×
Nathan Headrick



                          Nathan Headrick is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, and also serves as the chief strategy officer for Triloma Securities. In this role, Nathan is responsible for identifying and overseeing the firm’s product offerings, including securities design, underwriting and distribution, corporate policy and risk management. Additionally, Nathan leads Triloma’s investment banking group.
                        
                          Prior to joining Triloma, Nathan founded and sold DDWizard.com, an online securities due diligence software analysis tool. Previously, Nathan held several senior leadership roles within the CNL family of companies, including general counsel of their capital markets group, chief legal officer of Corporate Capital Trust, and chief compliance officer and general counsel of CNL Securities. Prior to CNL, Nathan served as president of Bluerock Capital Markets. Under his leadership, these firms raised over $6 billion in public alternative investment capital. With over 11 years of experience, Nathan has placed $15 billion of public and private equity securities into the alternative investment marketplace, including partnerships with EIG Partners, KKR, the Macquarie Group and CB Richard Ellis. Also a lawyer, Nathan practiced law as a corporate attorney with Foley & Lardner LLP from 2004-2007.                         
                          Nathan received B.A. degrees in Political Science and International Studies from the University of North Carolina, a ThM from Harvard University and a J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center. Nathan is also a registered FINRA arbitrator, and holds Series 7, 24, 63, 79 and 99 licenses.
                        

                          Nathan was recently named chair-elect of the Investment Program Association’s (IPA) board of directors, and is the founder and recent chairman of the Policy Advocacy Committee, which acts as the alternative investment industry’s primary lobbying voice. His community activities include service on the boards of the Florida Children’s Hospital, Class of 1938 Foundation, the Orange County Regional History Center, Junior Achievement of Florida and United Cerebral Palsy of Central Florida. Nathan also serves as a trustee of Griffin Institutional Access Real Estate Fund, a public, 40 Act interval fund.
                        

                          Nathan was inducted into the American Bar Association Order of the Golden Fleece in 1996, and Order of the Silver Key in 2003. In 2008, Nathan was inducted into the bar of the United States Supreme Court, and is a member of the DC Court of Appeals Bar and the Florida State Bar Association. The same year, Nathan received Orlando Business Journal’s “Top 40 Under 40” award, which recognizes the 40 most influential business persons in Central Florida under the age of 40. In 2012, Nathan was appointed a term on the FINRA Corporate Finance Committee.
                        

                          Nathan currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife, and has five children.
                        







×
Michael Wood


Mike Wood is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. In this role, Mike oversees the day-to-day operations and accounting activities of the firm, while working to develop its external relationships and opportunities for new fund partnerships. Additionally, Mike is chief investment officer of Triloma Energy Advisors where he is responsible for exploring new investment opportunities in the energy sector. Mike is also a member of the investment committee of Triloma Energy Advisors, which is responsible for approving all investments of the Triloma energy funds.                         
                          Prior to joining Triloma, Mike spent 25 years in the alternative investment industry, most recently serving as executive vice president of Tavistock Group, the private investment vehicle of Forbes billionaire Joe Lewis, and chief operating officer of Tavistock Capital Group. During his tenure at Tavistock, Mike was responsible for sourcing, structuring and closing acquisitions. Previously, Mike served as an executive officer at CNL Financial Group, where his broad range of responsibilities included acquisitions, asset management, workouts, treasury, finance and strategic planning. In his eight years at CNL, Mike also served as chief operating officer of CNL Restaurant Properties, with responsibilities for more than $1.4 billion in real estate assets, and represented the eighteen CNL Income Funds in a $2.5 billion merger with publicly-traded U.S. Restaurant Properties.
                        

                          Mike received his B.S. and M.B.A. degrees from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
                        

                          Like many members of the Triloma team, Mike is actively involved in Beauty for Ashes Uganda, a nonprofit organization that empowers impoverished women (especially single mothers) to reach long-term sustainability for their families through co-ops, literacy and farming training and childhood education.
                        

                          Mike currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife of 29 years, and has two grown children.
                        







×
Nick Dolya


Nick Dolya is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, bringing almost 18 years of alternative investment industry experience to the organization. Nick also serves as president of Triloma Securities where he is responsible for new product development, marketing, operations and overseeing the sales activities for the company.  Previously, Nick served as executive vice president and chief marketing officer of Chambers Street Properties (currently Gramercy Property Trust, Inc.; NYSE: GPT) where he oversaw all marketing activities and investor relations. Prior to his term at Chambers Street, Nick was director of Capital Markets for CBRE Advisors, LLC (CBRE). In this role, he developed the first third-party distributed real estate investment trust in the independent broker-dealer network by initiating and negotiating a relationship with CBRE to distribute CB Richard Ellis Realty Trust. Additionally, he was responsible for raising $2.5 billion in equity and overseeing all capital-raising activities, including coordinating relationships with the dealer manager, participating brokers and transfer agents. Earlier in his career, Nick held various roles within the CNL family of companies, including senior vice president of operations and platform development for CNL Capital Markets. While at CNL, he was in charge of overseeing operations, new product development and structuring of joint ventures.
Nick received his Bachelor of Business Administration from Viterbo University and a Master of Business Administration from Rollins College. 
Nick was born in Dubna, Russia, and came to the United States at the age of 15. In 2006 he became an American citizen. He currently resides in Winter Park, Florida, with his wife and three children.







×
Deryck Harmer



                            Deryck Harmer serves as the president and chief executive officer of the Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds and as president and chief executive officer of Triloma Energy Advisors. In this role, Deryck is responsible for the overall management and administration of the funds. Additionally, Deryck is a member of the investment committee of Triloma Energy Advisors, which is responsible for approving all investments of the Triloma energy funds.                        

                          Prior to joining Triloma, Deryck spent over 11 years at CNL Financial Group, most recently as chief strategy officer, member of the operating committee and member of the board of directors for CNL Securities Corp., a FINRA registered broker-dealer. His responsibilities at CNL Financial Group included a variety of roles across the investment management and capital markets divisions, with experience creating, managing and raising capital for alternative investment vehicles. While at CNL Financial Group, Deryck also served as senior vice president and launched Corporate Capital Trust, a public non-traded business development company advised by CNL Fund Advisors Company and KKR Asset Management. Deryck served as senior vice president and investment committee member of CNL Fund Advisors Company, leading its investment and operating activities. Prior to joining CNL Financial Group, Deryck performed a broad range of tax services for PricewaterhouseCoopers.
                        

                          Deryck received his B.S. degree, summa cum laude, in Accounting from Florida State University, and an M.B.A. with a concentration in Finance from Rollins College. Deryck holds FINRA Series 7 and 24 licenses, is a Certified Commercial Investment Member and a Certified Financial Planner professional.
                        

                          Deryck currently resides in the Orlando area with his wife, and has two children.
                        







×
James Hendrix



                            James (“Jimmy”) Hendrix is chief investment officer of Triloma Senior Housing, LLC. Jimmy is responsible for identifying, underwriting and acquiring senior housing investments for the firm. Additionally, he’s focused on developing Triloma’s healthcare platform by contracting with quality operators, overseeing asset management, establishing Triloma’s DST 1031 Exchange program and growing the Triloma Senior Housing team.
                        

                          Jimmy joined the Triloma team with more than 14 years of investment industry experience, having previously served as vice president of acquisitions for Bridge Seniors Housing Fund where he participated in the fund’s acquisitions and development activities as well its continuing care retirement community initiatives. Prior to Bridge Seniors Housing, Jimmy served as chief financial officer/chief operating officer for First Presbyterian Church of Orlando where he was responsible for overseeing all aspects of the church’s downtown Orlando campus, school and staff, as well as managing the annual budget and maintaining long-term fiscal health for the organization. Previously, he served has senior vice president of investments for The Legacy Companies and director of acquisitions for CNL Retirement Properties.
                        

                          Jimmy received a B.A. in Psychology from Wake Forest University and an M.B.A. from Rollins College Crummer School of Management.
                        

                          In his spare time, he serves as a member of the board of governors for The Geneva School.
                        

                          Jimmy resides in Orlando with his wife and three children.
                        














Barry Goff
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial GroupChairman of the BoardTriloma EIG Energy Income Funds
Barry Goff is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. In this role, Barry is responsible...
Read More







Larry Goff
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial Group
Chief Executive OfficerTriloma Securities
Larry Goff is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. Larry serves as a chief executive...
Read More







Nathan Headrick
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial Group
Chief Strategy OfficerTriloma Securities
Nathan Headrick is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, and also serves as the...
Read More









Michael Wood
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial Group
Chief Investment OfficerTriloma Energy Advisors
Mike Wood is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group. In this role, Mike oversees...
Read More







Nick Dolya
Managing Director & FounderTriloma Financial Group
PresidentTriloma Securities
Nick Dolya is one of the managing directors and founders of Triloma Financial Group, bringing almost ...
Read More







Deryck Harmer
President & Chief Executive Officer 
                                        Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds
President & Chief Executive Officer 
                                        Triloma Energy Advisors
Deryck Harmer serves as the president and chief executive officer of the Triloma EIG Global Energy...
Read More









James Hendrix
Chief Investment OfficerTriloma Senior Housing
James (“Jimmy”) Hendrix is chief investment officer of Triloma Senior Housing, LLC. Jimmy is responsible for...
Read More

















                      You are now leaving the Triloma website and are being directed to the website of an affiliated Triloma entity.
                    


Close
Go to Website










                  You have requested a website that is created and maintained by an entity other than Triloma.
              


Close
Go to website



















Triloma EIG Global Energy Funds Declared Effective by the SECHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballTriloma EIG Global Energy Funds Declared Effective by the SECMarketwiredAugust 4, 2015ReblogShareTweetShareORLANDO, FL and WASHINGTON, DC--(Marketwired - Aug 4, 2015) -  Triloma Financial Group ("Triloma") and EIG Global Energy Partners ("EIG") announce that registration statements pertaining to an initial public offering of $2 billion in common stock of Triloma EIG Global Energy Fund and Triloma EIG Global Energy Term Fund I (the "Funds") are now effective.The Funds are unlisted investment companies that will invest primarily in a global portfolio of privately originated energy company and project debt.The Funds are managed by Triloma Energy Advisors and EIG Credit Management Company and seek to raise capital with the issuance of common stock through a best efforts, continuous public offering."We are thrilled to bring this unique product to market," said Barry Goff, managing director of Triloma. "We believe EIG's singular focus in providing capital to energy companies and energy-related infrastructure and resource projects represents a significant competitive advantage for the Funds relative to other energy capital providers.""Our 33-years of experience in the energy sector give us confidence that now is an attractive time to create the Funds to take advantage of the energy market fundamentals," said R. Blair Thomas, chief executive officer of EIG. "The demand for capital in the sector is vast, and EIG is uniquely positioned to capture the opportunities this demand creates due to our global platform, track record, and ability to invest in all aspects of the energy value chain.""We have a unique approach to shareholder liquidity that has driven an innovative dual-product structure for the Funds," said Deryck Harmer, president and chief executive officer of Triloma EIG Global Energy Fund and Triloma EIG Global Energy Term Fund I. "Specifically both Funds pursue an identical investment strategy and co-investment opportunities, while the Perpetual Fund is structured as an evergreen product and the Term Fund is structured with a finite life. We believe this new solution of customized liquidity provisions will be well received by the market in light of the current regulatory and competitive environment."About Triloma EIG Global Energy Fund and Triloma EIG Global Energy Term Fund ITriloma EIG Global Energy Fund and Triloma EIG Global Energy Term Fund I (the "Funds") are unlisted investment companies that invest primarily in a global portfolio of privately originated energy company and project debt. Their investment objectives will be to provide shareholders with current income, capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long term capital appreciation. The Funds will be managed by Triloma Energy Advisors and EIG Credit Management Company, and offer individuals an opportunity to invest in U.S. and non-U.S. energy companies and projects, in many instances alongside institutional investors.About TrilomaTriloma Financial Group is a private investment management firm providing individuals with unique alternative investment opportunities. Triloma manages and sponsors a group of private and publicly-offered investment programs focused on private equity, real estate and energy investments. Triloma specializes in thorough research, unparalleled access, powerful partnerships and impeccable service. Triloma is headquartered in Winter Park, Florida. For additional information, please visit www.triloma.com. About EIGEIG specializes in private investments in energy and energy-related infrastructure on a global basis and had $14.8 billion under management as of March 31, 2015. During its 33-year history, EIG has invested over $21.4 billion in the sector in more than 300 projects or companies in 35 countries on six continents. EIG's clients include many of the leading pension plans, insurance companies, endowments, foundations and sovereign wealth funds in the U.S., Asia and Europe. EIG is headquartered in Washington, D.C. with offices in Houston, London, Sydney, Rio de Janeiro, Hong Kong and Seoul. For more information, visit www.eigpartners.com.This is not an offer. The offering of Triloma EIG Global Energy Fund and Triloma EIG Global Energy Term Fund I (collectively, the "Funds") common stock can be made solely by means of a written prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. The prospectuses, which are available at http://www.sec.gov, contain important information about the Funds. Prospective investors should read the prospectus carefully before investing. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Funds carefully before investing. There can be no assurance that the Funds will achieve their investment objectives.Read MoreThis press release is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer and sale is not permitted.This press release may contain forward-looking statements identified by the use of words such as "outlook," "indicator," "believes," "expects," "potential," "continues," "may," "will," "should," "seeks," "approximately," "predicts," "intends," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Triloma, EIG and the Funds believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled "Risk Factors" in the Funds' registration statements, as such factors may be updated from time to time in its periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission which are accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this release and in the Funds' filings. Triloma, EIG and the Funds assume no obligation to update or supplement forward‐looking statements that become untrue because of subsequent events or circumstances.Triloma Securities, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC, and Triloma Energy Advisors, LLC are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Triloma Financial Group. Triloma Securities, LLC and EIG Credit Management Company are not affiliated. Securities offered by Triloma Securities, LLC.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe financial disclosure form Anthony Scaramucci claims was leaked wasn't actually leakedThe WeekShe Started Acting When She Was 9 But Now She'sPostPopularSponsoredTrump ready to sign Russia sanctions bill, Moscow retaliatesAssociated PressOne of Warren Buffett's favorite investors listed the ingredients for a bubble — and warned many are present todayBusiness InsiderAnthony Scaramucci sends cryptic tweet about leaking being a felony to Reince PriebusThe WeekThis Tiny Device Will Power Everything by 2020Banyan HillSponsoredShell's Cash Flow Rises to Highest Since Oil Crash BeganBloombergThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderWhat Rossy de Palma Looks Like Now Is InsaneStantonDailySponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekBald Men: This Shampoo Will Make You IrresistibleShapiroMDSponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderStruggling to govern, Trump faces growing Republican uneaseStuart: Actually this is the best our country can do right now.  If the Republicans accomplished anything it would be tax cuts for the wealthy, cuts to Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security, removal of all banking regulations and environmental protections and on and on.

Get rid of these traitors in 2018 so our country can be great again.Join the Conversation1 / 5979








