


Trinity Industries - Wikipedia





















 






Trinity Industries

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Trinity Industries Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TRN
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Conglomerate


Founded
Dallas, Texas,
United States (1933)


Headquarters
Dallas, Texas,
United States



Key people

Timothy R. Wallace (CEO, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chairman of Trinity Rail Group)
James E. Perry, CFO and Vice President
D. Stephen Menzies, Senior Vice President; Group President of Trinity Rail
William A. McWhirter, Senior Vice President; Group President
Charles Michel, Vice President, CAO and Controller
Mary E. Henderson, Vice President and Chief Audit Executive
Virginia Gray, Vice President (Organizational Development)
Antonio Carrillo, Vice President


Revenue
 $US 4.4 billion (2013)



Net income

 $US 375.5 million (2013)



Number of employees

9,270 (2010)


Website
www.trin.net


Trinity Industries Inc. owns a variety of businesses which provide product and services to the industrial, energy, transportation and construction sectors.
Now, the company has five business groups which are Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group and Railcar Leasing & Management Services Group.[1]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding
1.2 1970s
1.3 1980s
1.4 1990s
1.5 2001
1.6 June 2006
1.7 August 2006
1.8 December 2006
1.9 April 2007


2 Product

2.1 Rail Group
2.2 Construction Products Group

2.2.1 Guardrail controversy


2.3 Inland Barge Group
2.4 Energy Equipment Group
2.5 Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group


3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Founding[edit]
The company, first known as Trinity Steel, was founded by C. J. Bender in Dallas in 1933. W. Ray Wallace, an engineering graduate of Louisiana Tech, worked for Dallas's Austin Bridge Company in 1944 before joining the company in 1946 as its seventeenth employee. At the time Trinity Steel manufactured butane tanks in a Dallas County mule barn. In 1958 Trinity Steel merged with Dallas Tank Company, which was also founded in 1933, and Ray Wallace became the new firm's president and first chief executive officer. At the time Trinity had revenues reaching $2.5 million and employed 200 workers. While some employees of the firm in other states eventually unionized, Texas workers never formed a union. For a time the company profited by producing larger tanks that enabled it to enter the petroleum business and do steel fabrication for refineries. In addition, to free up capital, it established an investment company to buy trucks and lease them back to the firm. Nonetheless, by 1957 Trinity faced competition and declines in the petroleum industry. Dallas Tank, Trinity Steel, and Bender-Wallace Development Company merged in 1958 to form Trinity Industries, Incorporated, and went public.
1970s[edit]
In 1970 Trinity diversified with the acquisition of 153 acres (0.62 km2) of land adjacent to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and in 1971 established its first real estate subsidiary. Acquisition of Mosher Steel in 1973, after initially contracting work out to them, enhanced the company's structural business. Among projects completed by the firm's structural division were the Texas Stadium, New York's World Trade Center, the Balboa Bridge in Panama, the Pennzoil Building, and two buildings in Moscow. Although Trinity began fabricating railway tank car bodies as a subcontractor to Richmond Tank Car and Union Tank Car as early as 1966, in 1978 Trinity began producing complete tank and covered hopper rail cars in association with Quick Car of Fort Worth, Texas, which Trinity later absorbed.
1980s[edit]
By the 1980s two subsidiaries, Gamble's Incorporated of Alabama and Mosher Steel of Texas, manufactured structural products including materials for drilling platforms, highway bridge components, commercial-high-rise buildings, and other girders and beams. The firm's marine subsidiary, Equitable Shipyards, produced LASH or Lighter Aboard Ship barges, riverboats for use by Hilton Hotels, and other craft for industrial uses. Hackney, Incorporated, its metal components subsidiary, produced materials for piping systems. Trinity produced completed railcars, including tank cars, covered and open hoppers, and gondolas to transport chemicals, coal, structural steel and other commodities, at locations in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Longview, Texas, and held two railcar leasing subsidiaries. The company also produced containers for fertilizer, liquified petroleum gas, and nuclear fuel and waste. In 1981 Trinity acquired a metal fabrication firm at Channelview, Texas, and Babcock & Wilcox plants in Elkhart, Indiana, and Koppel, Pennsylvania, and in 1983 it acquired Halter Marine. In 1984 Trinity absorbed Quick Car and acquired the railcar designs and production facilities of the Pullman-Standard Car Manufacturing Company, once the largest railcar manufacturer in North America. That same year Trinity also acquired the railcar designs of General American Transportation Corporation. In 1986 the rail car designs and production facilities of Greenville Steel Car Company were purchased, including the auto rack designs of Portec-Paragon. Also acquired in 1986 were the railcar designs of North American Car Corporation, and in 1987 Ortner Freight Car was acquired. These combined acquisitions made Trinity the largest rail car manufacturer in North America.
1990s[edit]
"In the 1990s expansion continued with the acquisition of the Transit Mix Concrete and Materials Company of Beaumont, Texas, Beiard Industries, Syro Steel and Stearns Airport Equipment of Fort Worth, Texas. By 1993 revenues exceeded $1.5 billion, and the firm employed 13,000 people."[2] In 1998 Trinity acquired the Differential Steel Car Company (DIFCO), which designed and built specialty rail cars. That same year Trinity also opened a rail car production plant in Monclova, Mexico.
2001[edit]
In 2001 Trinity Industries acquired the designs and production facilities of Thrall Car Manufacturing Company, then North America's second largest producer of railroad freight cars.[3]
June 2006[edit]
The company completed the sale of its weld pipe fittings business.
August 2006[edit]
The company sold its European Rail business to International Railway Systems S.A.
December 2006[edit]
During the year ended December 31, 2006, it made two acquisitions in the Construction Products Group.
April 2007[edit]
The company's subsidiary, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company, acquired a combined group of East Texas asphalt, ready mix concrete and aggregates businesses operating under the name Armor Materials.[citation needed]
Product[edit]
Rail Group[edit]
The group manufactures and sells railroad cars (hopper cars, gondolas, flat cars, roll cars, intermodal cars, tank cars, etc.) and component parts. Its customers include railroads, leasing companies and shippers of products.
Construction Products Group[edit]
The group produces concrete, aggregates, highway products, beams and girders used in highway bridge construction. Its customers include contractors and subcontractors in the construction and foundation industry.
Guardrail controversy[edit]
In March 2012, Joshua Harman, co-owner of guardrail manufacturing and installation companies SPIG Industry and Selco Construction Services, filed a federal False Claims Act (FCA) suit against Trinity Highway Products, LLC. Trinity manufactures under license the ET Plus System—a guardrail end terminal system designed by the Texas A&M Transportation Institute (TTI). Mr. Harman alleged that Trinity did not properly notify the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) in 2005 when Trinity changed the ET Plusâ guide channel from five inches to four. Trinity made the modification upon the recommendation of TTI which had successfully crash tested the product, it was revealed in a series of investigative articles published by television station WPRI-TV in May 2014.[4][5][6] Prior to May 18, 2015, FHWA did not expect product submitters to notify FHWA of “non-significant” modifications if the modification was though to have no effect on how the device would slow, stop or redirect the vehicle.[7] Harman further alleged that these were cost-cutting changes that resulted in unsafe products being deployed on U.S. highways. Automobile accidents involving the ET Plus System have involved guardrails penetrating vehicles and causing injury to the driver. Lawsuits regarding the guardrails causing injury to motorists were pending in U.S. courts in 2014.[8]
In October, 2014, the federal lawsuit resulted in a fraud jury verdict of $175 million which under FCA was tripled to $525 million.[9] In June 2015, the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas certified the verdict and assessed the final penalty at $663 million.[10] Trinity has appealed the case to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.[11][12]
In January 2014, Nevada suspended the use of the guardrails due to Trinity's lack of disclosure.[13] By October 2014, 14 states had suspended new installations of the end terminal.[14] A report by the University of Alabama at Birmingham which examined data from almost a decade of crash reports concluded the ET Plus guardrail end terminal to be nearly three times more likely to result in fatality than the previous version of the end terminal. In January 2015, the FHWA commissioned a peer review of the University of Alabama at Birmingham report. All four reviewers raised concerns about limitations or flaws in the study’s methodology, which led all of the reviewers to question the validity of the study’s findings and conclusions.[15] In October 2014, the FHWA issued a memorandum requesting information from state transportation departments regarding the ET Plus performance.[16] In addition, the FHWA requested the guardrail be retested. Trinity voluntarily stopped shipping the ET Plus until the additional crash testing requested by the FHWA could be completed. Up to that point, 42 states had stopped installation of new ET Plus guardrails pending further testing.[12][17]
The company conducted a series of eight crash tests at 27-inch and 31-inch heights to conform to the prevailing standard for guardrails of this type: NCHRP Report 350.[18] After a review by the FHWA and an independent expert, in March 2015 the FHWA announced that the ET Plus® ET Plus passed all eight crash tests, and that the product remained eligible for federal reimbursement.[19]
In March 2015, the Virginia Department of Transportation announced plans to replace ET Plus guardrails.[20]
"In March [2015], federal officials said the design met safety standards during crash tests."[12]
In September 2015, The FHWA and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials published a joint task force report titled, “Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail End Terminal Crashes.” The report concluded that there are no unique performance limitations that can be attributed to the ET-Plus, that there are real-world conditions that exceed the performance expectation of all end terminal systems, and that additional crash testing of all existing Report 350-compliant end terminals would be irrelevant and uninformative. The report also cited installation, maintenance and repair as factors affecting product performance.[21][22]
On October 23, 2015, Trinity Highway Products announced that it will resume shipping the ET-Plus "after meeting safety standards in crash tests" to fill orders as they come in.[12]
Inland Barge Group[edit]
The group manufactures dry-cargo barges and hopper barges.
Energy Equipment Group[edit]
The group manufactures tank containers and tank heads for pressure vessels, propane tanks and structural wind towers.
Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group[edit]
The group provides fleet management, maintenance and leasing services.[23]
Trinity Industries Leasing operates DOT-111 Tank cars for lease in North America.
See also[edit]

List of rolling stock manufacturers

References[edit]



^ "Trinity Industries Inc (NYSE:TRN) > Description", Google Finance review.
^ Kleiner, Diana J., "Trinity Industries", Who's Who in America, 1978–79 via Texas State Historical Association Handbook of Texas Online.
^ "Trinity Industries Agrees to Acquire Thrall Car". New York Times. 2001-08-14. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Expert: Guardrail flaw putting drivers at risk", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 13, 2014. Link to "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ...". Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases: Brittany Robinson (February 13, 2013 crash) and Jay Traylor (January 27, 2014 crash), respectively, vs. Trinity Industries; with responses from Trinity and American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), links to case documents, accident reports and more". WPRI 12 Eyewitness News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Man now double amputee after crashing into guardrail", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 14, 2014; updated March 16, 2015. Link from "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ..." which addresses in part Jay Traylor's case. Reporter Hogan spoke exclusively to Traylor, the double amputee. Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Eligibility Letter Request FAQs - Safety | Federal Highway Administration". safety.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy; Brian Ross (September 18, 2014). "Outrage Over Guardrail Crashes Tied to Lost Limbs, Deaths". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-24). "Producer of Highway Guardrails to Halt Sales". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Texas Court Hits Trinity With $663M FCA Judgment - Law360". www.law360.com. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Jones, Kristin; Thomas Madigan | Pepper Hamilton LLP. "A Case to Watch: Highway Contractor Appeals $663M False Claims Act Judgment | JD Supra". JD Supra. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ a b c d "Texas company to resume shipping guardrails". AP: The Big Story. October 23, 2015. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Kessler, Aaron M.; Ivory, Danielle (2014-10-27). "Virginia to Remove Suspect Guardrails". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Peer Review of Report: "Relative Comparison of NCHRP 350 Accepted Guardrail Terminals" - Guardrail Safety | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy (March 13, 2015). "Controversial Guardrail System Passes Government Crash Tests". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "U.S. Department of Transportation" (PDF). U.S. Department of Transportation. U.S. Department of Transportation. February 6, 2015. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA Releases Results and Analysis of the Second Set of Crash Tests of ET-Plus Guardrail End Terminals, 3/13/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "VDOT 'moves forward' with plan to remove controversial guardrail". WUSA9. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail Terminal Crashes | FHWA Review of ET-Plus | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA and AASHTO Release Findings on Guardrail Terminal Crash Analysis, 9/11/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Trinity Industries, Inc. (TRN) NYSE", Yahoo! Finance Review.



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trinity_Industries&oldid=782379531"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConglomerate companies established in 1933Building materials companies of the United StatesRolling stock leasing companiesRolling stock manufacturers of the United StatesCement companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in DallasConglomerate companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies established in 19331933 establishments in TexasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschRomână 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 14:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Security Check Required






FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


Trinity Industries (TRN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Trinity Industries (TRN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.26.17 | About: Trinity Industries (TRN) Trinity Industries, Inc. (NYSE:TRN)
Q2 2017 Earnings Call
July 26, 2017 11:00 am ET
Executives
Gail M. Peck - Trinity Industries, Inc.
S. Theis Rice - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
James E. Perry - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Analysts
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC
Brian Colley - Stephens, Inc.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Gordon Johnson - Axiom Capital Management, Inc.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Matthew S. Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group
Operator
Good day. And welcome to the Trinity Industries' Second Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. Please note that this call may be recorded and I will be standing by should you need any assistance.
Before we begin, let me remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and includes statements as to estimates, expectations, intentions, and predictions for future financial performance. Statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking.
Participants are directed to Trinity's Form 10-K and other SEC filings for a description of certain business issues and risks, a change in which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements.
It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Gail Peck. Please go ahead.
Gail M. Peck - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Trinity Industries' second quarter 2017 results conference call. I am Gail Peck, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Trinity. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Similar to the format we've used on our recent earnings calls, we will begin with an update on the Highway Products litigation matter. We will then follow with our normal quarterly earnings conference call format.
Today's speakers are Theis Rice, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer; Tim Wallace, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; Bill McWhirter, Senior Vice President and Group President of the Construction Products, Energy Equipment, and Inland Barge Groups; Steve Menzies, Senior Vice President and Group President of the Rail and Railcar Leasing Groups; and James Perry, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following their comments, we will then move to the Q&A session. Mary Henderson, our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, is also in the room with us today.
I will now turn the call over to Theis Rice.
S. Theis Rice - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, Gail. Good morning, everyone. As previously reported, the False Claims Act judgment entered against Trinity Industries and Trinity Highway Products in June 2015 is currently on appeal to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. This case involves the ET Plus guardrail end terminal system manufactured by Trinity Highway Products. Following briefing in the case or argument occurred on December 7, 2016, pursuant to the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure, the parties have filed additional materials for the court's consideration. The court has not yet issued a ruling in this case.
Trinity Industries and Trinity Highway Products have also been named in a number of other suits involving Highway Products. We continue to vigorously defend our company and our products in these suits. For a more detailed review of this litigation, please see Note 18 to the financial statement in Trinity's Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2017. Please also refer to etplusfacts.com for additional information.

I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, Theis, and good morning, everyone. Trinity's second quarter financial results came in slightly ahead of our expectations. Generally speaking, when industry order levels reach low points, we begin to see strategic purchases occurring in our businesses.
During the second quarter, this occurred in our railcar manufacturing business. I'm pleased with the order level our Rail Group received in what remains a highly competitive market. I continue to be impressed with the way our businesses are adjusting to changes in demand. They're highly flexible and quick to respond when opportunities surface. Our employees are doing a good job confronting the challenges associated with the complexities of today's business environment.
Uncertainties associated with the U.S. economy and the political landscape continued to impact demand for the majority of our products. A mixture of uncertainty and optimism persists in many of the end markets our businesses serve. Our customers appear optimistic regarding potential opportunities that could surface if a major infrastructure spending program is approved by Congress.
During the second quarter, our railcar leasing business generated strong earnings score from their leasing operations. In addition, they sold $100 million leased railcars through our railcar investment platform. We expect to grow our owned and managed lease fleet this year and are optimistic with respect to selling additional portfolios of leased railcars to investors that participate in our railcar investment platform.
Overall, I'm pleased with our company's ability to make prompt and orderly transitions when market conditions shift. Our industrial manufacturing, construction aggregates and railcar leasing businesses strive to do their best in every market environment and constantly work at strengthening their competitive positions. Trinity remains well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities to enhance shareholder value.
I will now turn it over to Bill for his remarks.
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. During the second quarter, the financial performance of the Energy Equipment Group reflected mixed demand conditions for the end markets we serve.
For the quarter, revenues were in line with last year. Higher volumes in our wind towers and utility structures business were offset by weak demand in our businesses that serve the oil and gas markets. A decline in second quarter operating profit compared to last year reflects the softness in the oil and gas end-markets.
At the end of the second quarter, our wind tower backlog totaled $945 million, providing stable production visibility through 2019. Included in the guidance James will provide is a planned reduction in fourth quarter deliveries as our customers reduce year-end inventory.
We remain encouraged about the demand outlook for new wind farm installations during the next few years, given the production tax credit and improvements in wind turbine technology. During the second quarter, we continued to see improved visibility and increased demand levels for utility structures.
The second quarter results for our Inland Barge Group reflect significant volume reductions on a year-over-year basis, as weak market conditions persist. For the quarter, the group reported revenues of $33.5 million, and a slightly better-than-breakeven operating profit. Overcapacity and declines in freight movements that transport goods along the inland waterways continued to create significant headwinds.
We received orders for new barges totaling $14 million during the second quarter, bringing the backlog to $91 million. The backlog is divided between the back half of 2017 and 2018. I am pleased with the efforts our team is making to reduce cost, while meeting the needs of our customers. Our plants are positioned to respond to future changes in demand.

The Construction Products Group reported solid results for the quarter. Revenues were down compared to the same quarter last year on lower volumes in our Highway Products business, while operating profit increased to $22.3 million.
The group reported a 17% operating margin compared to 14.7% last year, on the strength of our construction aggregates business and improved efficiencies within our Highway Products business. The group continues to be on track for another strong year in 2017, as demand for infrastructure-related work remains a positive catalyst for our end markets.
We continue to be pleased with the performance of our construction aggregates business. During the second quarter, we acquired the assets of a small lightweight aggregate business that expands our geographic presence. Following quarter-end, we completed a $42 million acquisition of the assets of Efficiency Production, a trench shoring business.
As a reminder, Trinity entered the shoring business in late 2012 with a similar sized acquisition. Trench shoring is steel or aluminum equipment used in the underground construction industry with applications for water, sewer, utility and pipeline construction, among others. Our original trench shoring acquisition is providing nice returns and is performing well. The shoring business is well-aligned with our focus on infrastructure end-markets.
In closing, our businesses are responding effectively to the mixed demand conditions in the various end-markets. We maintain a positive outlook regarding long-term North American infrastructure needs.
And now, I'll turn the presentation over to Steve.
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, Bill. Good morning. TrinityRail's performance for the second quarter came in slightly ahead of our project expectations. The Leasing Group continued to deliver solid financial results, maintaining the high lease fleet utilization, while continuing to grow the lease fleet.
During the quarter, operating profit from leasing operations increased by 15% year-over-year and the group executed $100 million of leased railcar sales to institutional investors through our railcar investment vehicle or RIV platform.
Our owned, partially-owned and managed lease fleet has grown to more than 106,700 railcars, providing a solid level of earnings stability, as we continue to operate in a highly competitive railcar market.
Our Rail Group delivered 4,055 railcars during the quarter, showing an 8% improvement sequentially. Our operations team has positioned us well for further production increases in the second half of 2017.
We are encouraged by the improvement in railcar industry fundamentals. Year-to-date, rail traffic continued an upward trajectory, while train velocity declined. And the surplus of idle railcars, while still high, is lower than peak levels experienced last year.
Second quarter industry orders for new railcars totaled more than 17,600 and represented a significant strengthening from the levels reported by the industry during the last two years, including the very weak level experienced in the first quarter of this year. While the healthy level of industry orders and order inquiry activity during the second quarter is positive, a sustained level of improvement is required before declaring a market recovery.
Order inquiries thus far in the third quarter have been consistent with the second quarter. Our customers continue to express optimism concerning the direction of the economy, while being very deliberate in making capital equipment decisions. We are cautiously optimistic about trending market fundamentals.
The Rail Group received orders for 5,705 railcars in the second quarter, representing a diverse mix of railcars serving various end-markets. These orders support both fleet replacement and business growth. Nearly 90% of the orders received during the quarter are for our leasing company.

I am particularly pleased with TrinityRail's ability to originate large leasing transactions with strong counterparties and long lease terms to secure new lease orders during the quarter. This underscores the capability of our integrated rail manufacturing, leasing and services business model, and the growing scale of our RIV platform.
Our order backlog for new-built railcars at the end of the second quarter increased to 27,580 with a value of approximately $2.7 billion. Based on orders received during the second quarter, the acceleration of certain frac sand deliveries and current inquiry levels, we now anticipate full-year 2017 deliveries of approximately 18,000 railcars, compared to our previous guidance of between 15,000 and 16,000 railcars.
The increase in production should result in improved production margins in the second half of 2017 compared to the second quarter. At the end of the second quarter, more than 90% of our expected remaining 2017 production is filled with either sold or leased railcars. If order levels continued to improve, we still have the ability to increase our production rate to meet demand for 2017 deliveries.
At the end of the second quarter, planned 2018 deliveries account for approximately 40% of our backlog, with the remainder scheduled through 2021. The visibility provided by our production backlog is highly beneficial and significantly better than we have ever experienced in previous cycles.
I am pleased with the Leasing Group's operating performance during the second quarter as well. On a year-over-year basis, Leasing and Management Services revenues and profit from operations increased 4% and 15% respectively on high fleet utilization, disciplined cost control and net new fleet additions, partially offset by lower average lease rates. During the quarter, we added 1,300 leased railcars to our fleet. This included a small secondary market acquisition.
We continue to see strong interest from institutional inventors to participate in our RIV platform and anticipate full-year leased railcar sales of between $300 million and $350 million, unchanged from our previous guidance. At this time, we expect the cadence of quarterly leased railcar sales to be relatively even during the back half of the year.
Lease fleet utilization increased year-over-year to 97.5%, and remains in line with the most recent two quarters. We continue to focus on maintaining high lease fleet utilization while growing the fleet. The lease pricing environment remains highly competitive. However, we see lease renewal rates firming at existing pricing levels.
With an average remaining lease term of 3.5 years, lease expirations in 2017 and 2018 are within a manageable range that is consistent with prior years. At the end of the second quarter, our committed leased railcar backlog stood at 11,440 railcars with a value of approximately $990 million.
Lease fleet maintenance and compliance costs, while up 16% compared with the first quarter, decreased 25% year-over-year. As we've mentioned on the previous call, maintenance and compliance costs are expected to increase during the second half of the year, as we perform services to remarket railcars and complete more regulatory compliance work.
Our team is currently performing HM-251 tank car modifications at our maintenance services centers, while also providing regulatory compliance services for an increasing portion of our owned and managed lease fleets. I am pleased with the operating improvements and flexibility of our expanded maintenance services capabilities.
Our investment in maintenance services capabilities has positioned us to serve the HM-251 tank car modification needs of our lease fleet and key customers, as well as the long-term regulatory compliance requirements of our growing fleet.

We saw an increase during the second quarter in inquiries and orders for HM-251 tank car modifications by third parties. This pattern has continued into the third quarter. We are working with our leasing customers and large fleet owners to schedule HM-251 modifications, as regulatory deadlines draw closer.
In summary, I continue to be pleased with TrinityRail's financial results within a highly competitive railcar market. In the current market environment, we expect to continue to focus on optimizing our production efficiency, controlling costs and maintaining a high lease fleet utilization, while growing our owned and managed lease fleet.
Our second quarter performance reflects the strength and breadth of our integrated manufacturing, leasing and services business model from our ability to maintain an industry-leading backlog and originate large leasing transactions for new railcars to our relationships with institutional investors and customers seeking railcar maintenance services,
I'll now turn it over to James for his remarks.
James E. Perry - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced our results for the second quarter of 2017. For the quarter, the company reported revenues of $906 million and earnings per share of $0.33, compared to revenues of $1.2 billion and EPS of $0.62 for the second quarter of 2016.
During the second quarter, we repurchased over 1.9 million shares of our common stock in the open market for $52 million, leaving $163 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. We also announced an 18% increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.11 per share to $0.13 per share. Since 2012, we have returned approximately $675 million to shareholders through our share repurchases and dividends.
During the second quarter, we added railcars to our wholly-owned lease fleet with a value of $124 million and invested $19 million in capital expenditures across our manufacturing businesses and at the corporate level.
As Bill mentioned, we recently made two complementary acquisitions in our Construction Products Group, including a small lightweight aggregates business in the second quarter and a trench shoring business early in the third quarter.
During the second quarter, we sold a portfolio of $100 million of leased railcars through our railcar investment vehicle platform. As Steve indicated, we continue to expect total sales of leased railcars of between $300 million and $350 million during 2017.
In May, we issued approximately $300 million of non-recourse, secured bank term notes in our leasing company. We were pleased to achieve an attractive interest rate and terms for this debt. This will support the higher level of railcar leasing CapEx in 2017 than our prior guidance, due to the increased railcar delivery guidance.
Our balance sheet remains very strong. At the end of the second quarter, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities totaled $988 million, more than offsetting the recourse debt on our balance sheet. Combined with our available credit facilities, our available committed liquidity position was approximately $2.3 billion at the end of the quarter.
Consolidated SE&A expenses for the second quarter increased year-over-year about 6% for a number of reasons, led by bad debt expense primarily related to one customer in our Energy Equipment Group and increased insurance and litigation-related cost. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in compensation expenses.
We're also investing in our businesses through research and development, as well as upgrading infrastructure across the company. We're implementing a number of necessary technology upgrades that will position us well when production volumes increase. We found in past cycles that downturns are a good time in our businesses to implement these upgrades. These investments add to our SE&A, but we believe better prepare us for long-term growth.

In our press release yesterday, we provided updated full-year 2017 earnings guidance of $1.10 to $1.30, compared to our prior guidance of $1 to $1.25. The increase to guidance reflects second quarter results and better visibility that we now have with respect to the remaining six months of the year.
In 2017, we continue to anticipate total company revenues, excluding sales of leased railcars, of approximately $3.5 billion. As Steve mentioned, we increased our railcar delivery guidance and now expect our Rail Group to deliver approximately 18,000 railcars in 2017.
The majority of the increase in our delivery guidance reflects railcars that are expected to be delivered through our leasing company. We now expect Rail Group revenues of approximately $2 billion during 2017, with an operating margin of 9.5%, an improvement from our previous guidance of 8%.
In 2017, at the consolidated company level, we now expect to eliminate $690 million of the Rail Group's revenues due to sales to our leasing company and to defer $90 million of operating profit from these sales. Both of these figures are higher than previously projected due to the volume and mix of railcars that we now anticipate adding to our lease fleet.
As a reminder, these revenue eliminations and profit deferrals result in the accounting treatment of sales from our railcar manufacturing company to our railcar leasing company.
We anticipate Energy Equipment Group revenues of $950 million, with an operating margin of 10% for the full year. As Bill mentioned, we expect deliveries in our wind towers business to be lower in the fourth quarter, as customer make planned reductions in year-end inventories. As a result, we expect the group's fourth quarter revenues and operating margin to step down relative to the annual pace.
We expect revenues of $510 million for our Construction Products Group, down slightly from our prior forecast, but maintain expectations of an operating margin of 14% in 2017.
For the Inland Barge Group, we now expect revenues of $155 million and an operating margin of 1.5% in 2017, both down year-over-year due to weak market conditions. We have previously guided to revenues of $175 million and a margin of 3% during 2017 for this business. The new guidance implies an operating loss in this group for the back half of the year.
We now anticipate our Leasing Group to record 2017 leasing and management revenues of $720 million with an operating profit of $310 million, both an improvement from the guidance we provided in April. These figures exclude sales of leased railcars.
Our full-year EPS guidance includes the following corporate-level assumptions: Corporate expenses of between $135 million and $145 million; a reduction of $0.03 per share due to the two-class method of accounting, compared to calculating Trinity's EPS directly from the face of the income statement; a reduction of $0.06 per share due to our non-controlling interest in the partially-owned lease fleet; dilution from the convertible notes of $0.02 per share based on the current stock price; and a tax rate of approximately 36%, which includes the 29% tax rate during the first quarter and the 41% higher-than-normal tax rate in the second quarter due to the adoption of a new accounting standard. We expect the back-half 2017 tax rate of approximately 37%.
In terms of investment, we expect manufacturing and corporate capital expenditures in the range of $90 million to $110 million in 2017. We anticipate adding approximately $740 million of leased railcars to our wholly-owned fleet, which includes new additions as well as a modest level of secondary market purchases.
The net investment in our wholly-owned lease fleet, after netting the proceeds from expected sales of leased railcars and deferred profit from new additions, is expected to be between $315 million and $365 million.

As we indicated in our press release yesterday, actual results in 2017 may differ from present expectations and could be impacted by a number of factors including, among others, the risk factors and forward-looking statements disclosed in our 10-K.
We remain focused on long-term value creation, and we continue to maintain a balanced approach to capital allocation. Our activity over the last few months, including share repurchases and a dividend increase, bolt-on acquisitions and lease fleet investment are good examples of our balanced approach.
Our operator will now prepare us for the question-and-answer session.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
And we'll take our first question from Prashant Rao with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start just asking about the uptick in orders in the Rail Group. I mean, you talked about the majority of those being sales to the leasing business and presumably a good portion of those are sand cars. In the archived data, we also saw an uptick in tank car orders too.
So I just wanted to get a sense of what you're seeing in terms of the order book build and the backlog. Is that mostly on hoppers, and is there any tank increase coming in? And if so, what's spiking that?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Prashant, this is Steve Menzies. Thank you for the question. Again, the orders that we saw both throughout the industry as well as for Trinity were fairly broad-based, encompassing a number of different markets.
Of course, when you talk about covered hoppers, as you specifically mentioned, there's many different types of covered hoppers serving a number of different markets, certainly the frac sand market as well as plastic pallets, resins, the various grain markets. So, even within covered hoppers, there's a fair amount of diversification.
The other thing I would point out is that we saw a predominance of leasing orders during the quarter, certainly as evidenced by what TrinityRail took in, but also throughout the industry we saw very strong leasing presence in the order totals.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Okay. That's helpful. And maybe turning to the leasing group, you're adding to that fleet. You talked about a 1,700-car secondary market transaction. Just wondering if you can give a little bit more color about that.
And then, generally, what you're seeing in the secondary market, any color in terms of evaluation or your appetite as we look to the back half of turning to the secondary market, if we're getting any signs that there's some more attractive maybe targets out there?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Prashant, Steve again. First of all, I think we said we made a $100 million sale during the quarter and we continue, and that's through our railcar investment vehicle platform where we work very closely with some designated institutional investors who we continue to sell railcars to, and where we manage those railcars and maintain the commercial relationships.
We continue to see interest in participating in our railcar investment vehicle platform by institutional investors, but also the secondary market seems to be very active as well. We acquired a small group of cars in the secondary market and we are out looking for other acquisition opportunities. But the pricing on secondary market transactions is very competitive.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Okay. That's really helpful. And then just one last question from me and then I'll turn it over. The acquisition that you made in the lightweight aggregates business, can you give us a sense of what geographies that opens you up to in terms of footprint? And maybe some thoughts on if there's more opportunity in terms of growth there, given some of the tailwinds we're seeing or in the fundamentals?

William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Sure. This is Bill. So the acquisition in lightweights was in Kentucky and it opened the markets for us there. We previously had an operation in Alabama and Louisiana as well as Texas, Colorado and California. So it gives us nice broad reach across the United States and was really complementary to the business.
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Hey, Bill, why don't you give them a little bit of background on the lightweight business?
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Sure. So the lightweight business is really one of two businesses within the construction aggregates business. So I'll start with the lightweight since we're there. But the lightweight business, Trinity has a national presence and it's really a competency of mining shale and clay, and running shale and clay through a rotary kiln to produce an aggregate that is in essence a substitute for natural aggregates. And its key trait is that it's lightweight in nature and therefore can be used for certain applications. And the applications can range from high-rise buildings to block to horticultural-type work, some sort of masonry as well.
So, really a specialty material that is a value-add product, a little more production competency than our base business, but something that we've gotten very good at and have a really nice scale across the United States.
The second piece of the aggregates business is what we would call the natural aggregates, and that's our sand and stone and gravel business, where we're simply mining those products from the earth, cleaning and segregating the products, and selling them to a base of customers. And they're very prominently used in residential, commercial and industrial markets. And we're very focused there in the southwestern part of the United States.
And over really 25 years we've been in business, it's provided very nice returns for us, a diversification of earnings, and it's been a relatively low-risk building business. One of the great things about it is when you identify the reserves and then harness the intrinsic value of the reserves, you're really left managing a little bit of real estate component that we've done quite well with on the back-end.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Okay. That's very helpful color. I appreciate it, gentlemen. I'll turn it over. Thank you.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC
Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So you guys had the highest number of orders in two years it looks like this quarter, significant increase from the first quarter. Meanwhile, over the past couple of years, you've been kind of adjusting operating resources to match a very anemic environment.
So I was just wondering how much manufacturing capacity you have to reactivate and how much cost is involved to kind of accommodate, hopefully, the new environment that's much better than we've seen over the past couple of years. It looks like, from your margin guidance, there seems to be pretty good incremental leverage. Just wanted to kind of get some more color on that.
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Sure, Matt. This is Steve. Thank you for the question. Yeah. What we've learned over time is really how to optimize the flexibility of our production footprint and to be able to ramp up as demand requires. And we're starting to see a little bit of that now that we're positioning ourselves for; at the same time, when we see weaker conditions, to be able to reduce our footprint.
Within our footprint, we have the ability to increase production rates on our production lines at a certain plant. A lot of that is really labor-related and our teams have done really well in being able to hire, train and retain skilled labor.

So it isn't necessarily about production capacity of plants as much it is generating production line efficiencies and managing our labor very effectively.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC
Got it. And any idea on what percentage of these orders will be built for – are for 2017 deliveries versus 2018 or beyond?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Sure. Again, the guidance that we provided is that we've increased our deliveries for 2017 to 18,000, and that's a function of not only new orders that we've taken but also pulling forward some railcars that we had previously deferred into 2018.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC
Got it. And the backlog ASP decline, even though you've grown it for the first time in two years as well, the value remained the same, indicating a lower ASP. I would imagine most of that ASP decline is attributable to new orders versus the profile of deliveries?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Well, you have a little combination of both. You have both the new orders as well as the mix of railcars that we pulled forward. So, that does have an impact on our ASP.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC
Got it. And just one final quick question. You mentioned that the inquiry activity in the third quarter has been consistent with 2Q, which is very encouraging. I was just wondering how many orders – I don't know if you're able to quantify it, but if you've gotten any orders in the third quarter so far?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Well, we have received orders in the quarter, but we don't comment about our third quarters until the quarter is completed.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC
Great. Thank you very much.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Brian Colley with Stephens. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Colley - Stephens, Inc.
Hey. Good morning, guys, and congratulations on the quarter.
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you.
Brian Colley - Stephens, Inc.
So, would you guys be willing to disclose the revenue from the two bolt-on acquisitions you made in the quarter? Just curious what that is. And then, looking ahead, wondering if we should expect maybe some larger acquisitions in the future. What are you guys seeing out in the M&A market?
James E. Perry - Trinity Industries, Inc.
This is James. I'll start, Brian. Thanks for your question today. We don't at this time have an estimate that we're putting out there for the revenues. The lightweight acquisition business was very strategic for us, a rather small acquisition, but very nice. The shoring acquisition, as Bill said, it was rather similar in size to the one we did a few years ago. So, that's going to be a nice addition to the Construction Products Group portfolio.
That business has continued to perform well and gave us good returns. But from a pipeline perspective, these acquisitions have just recently happened and so we're still assessing how that flows through, especially this year. But then we'll be able to provide more insight as we get into 2018 later this year or early next year.
Brian Colley - Stephens, Inc.
Okay. That's helpful. And then just thinking about the lease rate environment, it seems like they've been pretty stable sequentially year-to-date outside of the pickup we've seen in frac sand. Have trends been pretty similar in terms of new railcar prices for the industry? Just curious to see if we've seen any stabilization on that front as well.
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Brian, it's Steve. Well, first of all, when you're talking about a new railcar and you're leasing a new railcar, you project what you think that railcar will earn not only over its original lease term, but over a pretty good bit of its life. And the assumption is that it meets our hurdle rate that you have for investment. So we do think that the new railcars that are being produced and that we're putting on a lease fleet do have attractive long-term returns in our business.

Lease rates on new railcars have moved with new railcar prices, which are obviously down over the last 18 months or so. But it seems to move in parallel and then you have the returns that you get with the investment, so.
Brian Colley - Stephens, Inc.
Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate the time today.
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, Brian.
Operator
And we'll take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Yeah. Thanks for taking my question here. So, over the last let's call it a year-and-a-half, two years, you guys have been very forward about the challenges that you're seeing in your end markets. And it felt like the tone changed a bit more constructively this quarter, especially in light of your typical conservatism there.
I mean, you're talking about seeing some kind of early-cycle activity in some of your markets, particularly rail, you started buying stock for the first time in over a year, raised the dividend, did some tuck-in acquisitions.
And so I'm just trying to kind of unpack that, not really at the segment level but maybe at the customer and the broader high-level end-markets. Where are you seeing signs of life in your industrial end-markets? And what would you call more steady or maybe even weakening in over the next, let's call it, 6 to 12 months?
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Steve, why don't you take that first part and, Bill, you can add color on the back side?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Bascome, thanks. I think there's general optimism with our customers in conversations that we have, but a lot of that optimism is based upon some expected changes in tax law and regulatory reform that we're only seeing the beginnings of or prospectively the beginnings of. So, while there is optimism, before customers really start to make commitments through acquiring or leasing capital equipment, I think they're looking for some more evidence that the trends are going to continue for a stronger and improved environment.
I will tell you that some of the equipment that has been ordered in the rail sector are for projects that are already under investments and are part of those facilities or operations being build out. This is particularly true in the downstream petrochemical sector and in the specialty chemical sector, where we see tank cars and large covered hopper cars are produced.
And I think, as Tim mentioned we also see customers see this time as opportunistic if they have large strategic purchases to make. And some of the orders that we did see during the quarter were for replacement of older equipment, for upgrading of equipment to be more competitive in the marketplace.
So I think customers are looking at their capital opportunities. They are investing. It's slow in coming, never as quick as we would like, but I think generally the arrow points a little bit upwards as opposed to another direction.
Bill, you want to add on to that?
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. I would say, from our perspective, the CPG area or construction business and energy business really reflect the broad base of infrastructure spend. And when we look at infrastructure spend drivers throughout the United States and North America, they point fairly strong at both the state level and the federal level.
And so, while there is good funding and there is good growth there, there is a lot of conversation about more funding and more growth at a much higher level. And so we have several businesses, certainly the aggregates business, the highway business, the utility business, that are all benefiting from a spend in America's infrastructure.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP

I appreciate the comprehensive answer, guys. And maybe if I could kind of take it even higher level to Tim here. And does it feel like 2017, as you kind of unpack that, is the bottom for your multi-industry portfolio here? Is it still early or too early to make that call?
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
I think it's too early to make that call. As I've said, there's unique mixture that we've seen ever since the election occurring with our end markets of our customers being optimistic, but also a little bit uncertain. And so, in this environment, our flexibility plays a really key role and our ability to be able to ramp up quickly and step out in front of our customers and say we can take the big orders if you have the demand and the need.
And so, that's what inspires me and it really thrills me as well to see what happened in our rail business, because we did have some big customers that pursued us and we were able to respond. And so, if that continues, then you end up getting some really positive momentum that we would then declare that we have left the bottom and we're moving up in a more upward direction.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Thank you, Tim. I appreciate that. Just one last one for me on the rail business. We've seen the stored railcars numbers, at least how the AAR defines them, sequentially rise fairly modestly but pretty much in the rail, and that's the first time that's happened really in over a year. I'm just curious, do you guys have any insight into what's driving that either from a customer level or kind of what you heard in your business? And with that, I'll give it back to the next guy.
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Sure, Bascome. Steve again. I guess the devil's in those details. When you look at the overall number of idle railcars, when you start to delve a little further into the different types of railcars, each one of them tells a little bit different story about the various markets. But, again, I think right now what we've seen in the idle fleet is encouraging when we look at the other trends in the railcar market fundamentals.
Operator
And we'll take our next question from Gordon Johnson with Axiom. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gordon Johnson - Axiom Capital Management, Inc.
Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Good morning.
Gordon Johnson - Axiom Capital Management, Inc.
Just as a point of clarification, did you guys say the new orders this quarter were 90% to the lease group?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Approximately, yes.
Gordon Johnson - Axiom Capital Management, Inc.
Okay. So, I guess, one question we had is, okay, assuming – looking at your backlog, your backlog in terms of dollars looks to be flat, but clearly units were up. So, just working out the math, it seems like maybe the ASP was down on that backlog or those new orders.
So is the way to think about this, the new orders that the lease group purchased, given the ASP is down significantly, the lease rates on those cars will be worse than I guess what we've seen previously?
James E. Perry - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Gordon, this is James. I'll answer that at a high level. That's probably reading a little too deep into. We're not implying that. The biggest reason you see changes when you have the big order quarters like we just did, part of it is you're working off the deliveries you made at certain levels of pricing and mix, and then you're taking orders for cars at a different level of pricing.
A lot of that is related to the mix of the car. So, as the car types themselves change, certainly from tank to freight and different car types, the mix alone can do that. Q1 kind of reflected that type of piece as well. So, when you see Q2, the backlog number ending up in the same place rounding up to that $2.7 billion or so is a factor of pricing mix, volume deliveries and the new orders. I wouldn't imply that all the way down to the lease rate level.

Gordon Johnson - Axiom Capital Management, Inc.
Okay. And then just applying some math here. Assuming a $115,000 ASP what went in, (45:01) does that imply that new orders are at a roughly $89,000 ASP?
James E. Perry - Trinity Industries, Inc.
I think your math is probably in the ballpark. You'll see a little more of that in the 10-Q. But your math is roughly right. But, again, that's mix as much as anything in the car types that we delivered versus the car types we took in.
Gordon Johnson - Axiom Capital Management, Inc.
Okay. And then, just lastly, looking at I guess the 90% of new orders to the lease group. The last time we saw that type of percentage to the lease group was in 2010. And I guess, 2009 to 2010, your operating cash flow fell from $686 million to $170 million. So your operating cash flow was $1 billion last year. Should we expect a decline in your operating cash flow as you sell more cars to your lease group?
James E. Perry - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Gordon, this is James. Not necessarily. There's a lot of moving parts. When you look at 2009 and 2010 versus where we are now, a lot of the operating cash flow, the first part of course is net income, and you have that guidance, changes to working capital which could ramp up as our delivery expectations ramp up as well.
The operating cash flow line won't be affected by that necessarily. As you get down into the investing and financing lines, the CapEx to leasing will show up in the way we invest our capital, and then whether we finance those cars or not. We did a financing in Q2 to kind of pre-fund some of those. But how much we do financing will determine the ultimate cash flow, depends on which line you stop at in the cash flow statement.
Gordon Johnson - Axiom Capital Management, Inc.
Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. And congrats on the good orders.
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, Gordon.
James E. Perry - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thanks.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Hi, guys. Good morning. Steve, can I just confirm, did you say Construction Products revenue is going to be $500 million versus the $520 million that you guys laid before?
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
$510 million versus the $520 million, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay. So can you just explain, it sounds like you guys are pretty positive on the aggregates and the infrastructure side of the business. What changed there that's driving that revenue to come down a little bit?
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Bill?
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. Allison, this is Bill. Part of the decline has been in the Highway Products side of the business. And as we look at the Highway Products side of the business, we have stepped back and kind of strategically reduced the portfolio offering a little bit. And so a bit of that is intentional. We're focused obviously on bottom-line operating profit, the dollars and the margin, and we may sacrifice a little bit of revenue to get there.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
That's great. And then on the trench shoring business, not specifics, but maybe help us try to frame it in our mind in terms of growth rate of that area right now and just maybe margins relative to your current segment margins. Are they better? Will we get a better mix with this kind of business going forward?
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. I would say the margins are relatively consistent with the margins of the segment overall. It's got really good market dynamics going forward. It's highly related to infrastructure that we talked about earlier. And so, as these projects go off to fix a lot of the waterlines that need to fixed and put the pipelines in that need to be there, it does well.

It is also a seasonal business. So it will have a little seasonal tail in the winter months, very similar to the construction business.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Got it. And then, just the wind stepping down in Q4, is that just the nature of the project-related business or is there something more to read into that?
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
No. It's just the nature of the business. We've had this for several quarters. You'll see the first quarter kind of pop-up as they take the inventory back, but essentially they've all got a mandate to reduce their inventory right at the year-end. And so, rather than completely shutting down production and then coming back and being behind, we try to run a fairly steady projection and we just don't take that revenue until it's delivered in the first quarter.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Perfect. And then, just one last one. On the operating revenue increase for the leasing business, is that just the incremental adds to the new leased cars in the back half of the year, new deliveries?
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
More than anything else, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Perfect. Thank you.
William A. McWhirter - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you.
Operator
And we'll take our next question from Matt Brooklier with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew S. Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group
Hey. Thanks and good morning. Steve, did you talk to the raised delivery guidance for 2017? How much of that is a pull-forward of some of the cars that were deferred into 2018 and 2019 versus how much of that is a result of the increased orders that you took in 2Q?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Matt, the increase in our production projections from our last guidance are split about evenly between cars that were pulled forward from 2018 as well as incremental orders.
Matthew S. Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group
Okay. And on the pull-forward on the cars that were deferred, we should assume majority of those are the small cube hoppers for the sand market?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yes.
Matthew S. Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group
Okay.
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
There's also a few other orders, but predominantly those would be correct.
Matthew S. Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group
Okay. That's helpful. And then, how should we think about the cadence of deliveries as we work through the year relative to the total number of cars, a little over 4,000, that you shipped in second quarter? Is it kind of a ratable increase throughout the remaining two quarters of 2017? Is there a bigger ramp in the back half of the year? A little color there would be helpful.
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yeah. It will ramp up throughout the second half of the year. Our third quarter will have a higher production level than the second quarter and the fourth quarter will likely be higher yet.
Matthew S. Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group
Okay. And then your commentary regarding, I think, just the industry book in general and the increase in terms of the orders, it sounded like there was a greater percentage of lessors who were placing orders in 2Q. Is that just a function of the cycle and early in the recovery stages typically you see lessors step up and try to position themselves into potentially improving marketplace or improving railcar fundamentals, or is there something else going on that, I guess, potentially changed the mix of who's buying cars in 2Q?
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Yes. Well, thanks. There were certainly some orders placed by lessors during the quarter, but there were also a number of orders that were placed by industrial shippers who are looking to lease the equipment and not acquire the equipment. And when I refer to those as the leasing orders, that's really what I'm referring to. And a number of those orders at least from our perspective were very good counterparties in long-term leases and we found those opportunities to be very attractive.

Cleary, the trend over time, Matt, has been that we're seeing more and more leasing activity. The growth of leasing not only by industrial shippers but also by Class I railroads continues to grow. And that's certainly one of the long-term fundamental reasons why we continue to invest in our leasing capabilities to strengthen our business platform.
Matthew S. Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group
Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just my last question, the tank car, I think you indicated you did take some tank car orders in the quarter. Are you able to elaborate on the types of cars? Are those flammable service tanks and potentially related to the regulation mandate deadlines that we have for replacement? Were they non-flammable cars? I'm just trying to get a sense for maybe the uptick in terms of industry tank orders, what's driving that.
D. Stephen Menzies - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Without getting into deep detail on the orders themselves, I think as I've said, we see demand continue to have some pace to it associated with the downstream chemical and petrochemical sector, specialty chemicals. And I would generally categorize our tank car orders from those industry sectors.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC
Okay. Very helpful. As always, appreciate the time.
Timothy R. Wallace - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, Matt.
Operator
Thank you. And at this time, I'd like to return the call to Ms. Gail Peck.
Gail M. Peck - Trinity Industries, Inc.
Thank you, David. That concludes today's conference call. A replay of today's call will be available after 1 o'clock Eastern Standard Time through midnight on August 2. The access number is 402-220-2972. Also, the replay will be available on the website located at www.trin.net. We look forward to visiting with you again on our next conference call.
Thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator
This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Services, Railroads, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All TRN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector








Trinity Industries - About Us









 

 


 




 
 





About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home


 

 



 

 




							Trinity Industries, Inc. is a diversified industrial company that owns complementary, market-leading businesses 
							providing products and services to the energy, chemical, agriculture, transportation, and construction sectors. 
							Trinity reports its financial results in five principal business segments: the Rail Group, the Railcar Leasing and 
							Management Services Group, the Inland Barge Group, the Construction Products Group, and the Energy Equipment 
							Group. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TRN.						
                             



                        				Our businesses play an important role in the overall economy by supplying essential, 
							infrastructure-related products and services ranging from barges, storage and distribution 
							containers, construction aggregates, and highway products to wind towers, utility structures, 
							railcars, railcar parts, and railcar leasing, management, and maintenance services.

							

							Our businesses are interconnected in ways that foster shared enrichment and add value to our stakeholders. 
							Because of their similarities, our businesses are able to tap into physical resources,
							talent, and expertise within our highly flexible operating platform to capitalize on changing 
							business conditions and opportunities.

							

							Our vision is to be a premier, diversified industrial company that owns market-leading businesses
                                 			which provide superior products and services to customers while generating high-quality earnings
                                  			and returns for shareholders.  We expect to accomplish this through:						
                            



									the skills, talents, and integrity of our people,

									the strength of our market-leading positions,

									the interconnections of our businesses,

									the depth of our operational capabilities, and

									our commitment to excellence and continuous improvement.




							To view a short video about the value generated by the interconnections of our 							businesses, 
							please visit http://video.trin.net/Interconnected/.


Trinity’s businesses are market leaders.


									Trinity’s railcar manufacturing and leasing companies, using the trade nameTrinityRail®, are leading providers in North America of railcars, railcar leasing, and comprehensive rail industry services.


									Trinity Marine Products, Inc. is a leading manufacturer in the United States of inland barges and fiberglass barge covers.


									Trinity Containers, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of storage and distribution containers.


									McConway & Torley, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of railcar coupling devices.


									Trinity Highway Products, LLC and Energy Absorption Systems, Inc. are leading manufacturers in the United States of highway products.


									Trinity Industries de Mexico is a leading manufacturer in Mexico of storage and distribution containers.


									Standard Forged Products, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of railcar axles.


									Trinity Construction Materials, Inc. and its subsidiaries are leading producers and distributors within the Western and Southwestern United States of lightweight and natural aggregates for the construction industry.


								 	Trinity Structural Towers, Inc. is a leading manufacturer in North America of structural wind towers.


								 	Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of steel structures for electricity transmission and distribution.  
								










                                        For information about Trinity 
												and its history, please refer to The Legend of Trinity Industries, Inc.














 




 
 
    







Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC



 










Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      



Trinity Industries - Wikipedia





















 






Trinity Industries

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Trinity Industries Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TRN
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Conglomerate


Founded
Dallas, Texas,
United States (1933)


Headquarters
Dallas, Texas,
United States



Key people

Timothy R. Wallace (CEO, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chairman of Trinity Rail Group)
James E. Perry, CFO and Vice President
D. Stephen Menzies, Senior Vice President; Group President of Trinity Rail
William A. McWhirter, Senior Vice President; Group President
Charles Michel, Vice President, CAO and Controller
Mary E. Henderson, Vice President and Chief Audit Executive
Virginia Gray, Vice President (Organizational Development)
Antonio Carrillo, Vice President


Revenue
 $US 4.4 billion (2013)



Net income

 $US 375.5 million (2013)



Number of employees

9,270 (2010)


Website
www.trin.net


Trinity Industries Inc. owns a variety of businesses which provide product and services to the industrial, energy, transportation and construction sectors.
Now, the company has five business groups which are Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group and Railcar Leasing & Management Services Group.[1]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding
1.2 1970s
1.3 1980s
1.4 1990s
1.5 2001
1.6 June 2006
1.7 August 2006
1.8 December 2006
1.9 April 2007


2 Product

2.1 Rail Group
2.2 Construction Products Group

2.2.1 Guardrail controversy


2.3 Inland Barge Group
2.4 Energy Equipment Group
2.5 Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group


3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Founding[edit]
The company, first known as Trinity Steel, was founded by C. J. Bender in Dallas in 1933. W. Ray Wallace, an engineering graduate of Louisiana Tech, worked for Dallas's Austin Bridge Company in 1944 before joining the company in 1946 as its seventeenth employee. At the time Trinity Steel manufactured butane tanks in a Dallas County mule barn. In 1958 Trinity Steel merged with Dallas Tank Company, which was also founded in 1933, and Ray Wallace became the new firm's president and first chief executive officer. At the time Trinity had revenues reaching $2.5 million and employed 200 workers. While some employees of the firm in other states eventually unionized, Texas workers never formed a union. For a time the company profited by producing larger tanks that enabled it to enter the petroleum business and do steel fabrication for refineries. In addition, to free up capital, it established an investment company to buy trucks and lease them back to the firm. Nonetheless, by 1957 Trinity faced competition and declines in the petroleum industry. Dallas Tank, Trinity Steel, and Bender-Wallace Development Company merged in 1958 to form Trinity Industries, Incorporated, and went public.
1970s[edit]
In 1970 Trinity diversified with the acquisition of 153 acres (0.62 km2) of land adjacent to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and in 1971 established its first real estate subsidiary. Acquisition of Mosher Steel in 1973, after initially contracting work out to them, enhanced the company's structural business. Among projects completed by the firm's structural division were the Texas Stadium, New York's World Trade Center, the Balboa Bridge in Panama, the Pennzoil Building, and two buildings in Moscow. Although Trinity began fabricating railway tank car bodies as a subcontractor to Richmond Tank Car and Union Tank Car as early as 1966, in 1978 Trinity began producing complete tank and covered hopper rail cars in association with Quick Car of Fort Worth, Texas, which Trinity later absorbed.
1980s[edit]
By the 1980s two subsidiaries, Gamble's Incorporated of Alabama and Mosher Steel of Texas, manufactured structural products including materials for drilling platforms, highway bridge components, commercial-high-rise buildings, and other girders and beams. The firm's marine subsidiary, Equitable Shipyards, produced LASH or Lighter Aboard Ship barges, riverboats for use by Hilton Hotels, and other craft for industrial uses. Hackney, Incorporated, its metal components subsidiary, produced materials for piping systems. Trinity produced completed railcars, including tank cars, covered and open hoppers, and gondolas to transport chemicals, coal, structural steel and other commodities, at locations in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Longview, Texas, and held two railcar leasing subsidiaries. The company also produced containers for fertilizer, liquified petroleum gas, and nuclear fuel and waste. In 1981 Trinity acquired a metal fabrication firm at Channelview, Texas, and Babcock & Wilcox plants in Elkhart, Indiana, and Koppel, Pennsylvania, and in 1983 it acquired Halter Marine. In 1984 Trinity absorbed Quick Car and acquired the railcar designs and production facilities of the Pullman-Standard Car Manufacturing Company, once the largest railcar manufacturer in North America. That same year Trinity also acquired the railcar designs of General American Transportation Corporation. In 1986 the rail car designs and production facilities of Greenville Steel Car Company were purchased, including the auto rack designs of Portec-Paragon. Also acquired in 1986 were the railcar designs of North American Car Corporation, and in 1987 Ortner Freight Car was acquired. These combined acquisitions made Trinity the largest rail car manufacturer in North America.
1990s[edit]
"In the 1990s expansion continued with the acquisition of the Transit Mix Concrete and Materials Company of Beaumont, Texas, Beiard Industries, Syro Steel and Stearns Airport Equipment of Fort Worth, Texas. By 1993 revenues exceeded $1.5 billion, and the firm employed 13,000 people."[2] In 1998 Trinity acquired the Differential Steel Car Company (DIFCO), which designed and built specialty rail cars. That same year Trinity also opened a rail car production plant in Monclova, Mexico.
2001[edit]
In 2001 Trinity Industries acquired the designs and production facilities of Thrall Car Manufacturing Company, then North America's second largest producer of railroad freight cars.[3]
June 2006[edit]
The company completed the sale of its weld pipe fittings business.
August 2006[edit]
The company sold its European Rail business to International Railway Systems S.A.
December 2006[edit]
During the year ended December 31, 2006, it made two acquisitions in the Construction Products Group.
April 2007[edit]
The company's subsidiary, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company, acquired a combined group of East Texas asphalt, ready mix concrete and aggregates businesses operating under the name Armor Materials.[citation needed]
Product[edit]
Rail Group[edit]
The group manufactures and sells railroad cars (hopper cars, gondolas, flat cars, roll cars, intermodal cars, tank cars, etc.) and component parts. Its customers include railroads, leasing companies and shippers of products.
Construction Products Group[edit]
The group produces concrete, aggregates, highway products, beams and girders used in highway bridge construction. Its customers include contractors and subcontractors in the construction and foundation industry.
Guardrail controversy[edit]
In March 2012, Joshua Harman, co-owner of guardrail manufacturing and installation companies SPIG Industry and Selco Construction Services, filed a federal False Claims Act (FCA) suit against Trinity Highway Products, LLC. Trinity manufactures under license the ET Plus System—a guardrail end terminal system designed by the Texas A&M Transportation Institute (TTI). Mr. Harman alleged that Trinity did not properly notify the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) in 2005 when Trinity changed the ET Plusâ guide channel from five inches to four. Trinity made the modification upon the recommendation of TTI which had successfully crash tested the product, it was revealed in a series of investigative articles published by television station WPRI-TV in May 2014.[4][5][6] Prior to May 18, 2015, FHWA did not expect product submitters to notify FHWA of “non-significant” modifications if the modification was though to have no effect on how the device would slow, stop or redirect the vehicle.[7] Harman further alleged that these were cost-cutting changes that resulted in unsafe products being deployed on U.S. highways. Automobile accidents involving the ET Plus System have involved guardrails penetrating vehicles and causing injury to the driver. Lawsuits regarding the guardrails causing injury to motorists were pending in U.S. courts in 2014.[8]
In October, 2014, the federal lawsuit resulted in a fraud jury verdict of $175 million which under FCA was tripled to $525 million.[9] In June 2015, the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas certified the verdict and assessed the final penalty at $663 million.[10] Trinity has appealed the case to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.[11][12]
In January 2014, Nevada suspended the use of the guardrails due to Trinity's lack of disclosure.[13] By October 2014, 14 states had suspended new installations of the end terminal.[14] A report by the University of Alabama at Birmingham which examined data from almost a decade of crash reports concluded the ET Plus guardrail end terminal to be nearly three times more likely to result in fatality than the previous version of the end terminal. In January 2015, the FHWA commissioned a peer review of the University of Alabama at Birmingham report. All four reviewers raised concerns about limitations or flaws in the study’s methodology, which led all of the reviewers to question the validity of the study’s findings and conclusions.[15] In October 2014, the FHWA issued a memorandum requesting information from state transportation departments regarding the ET Plus performance.[16] In addition, the FHWA requested the guardrail be retested. Trinity voluntarily stopped shipping the ET Plus until the additional crash testing requested by the FHWA could be completed. Up to that point, 42 states had stopped installation of new ET Plus guardrails pending further testing.[12][17]
The company conducted a series of eight crash tests at 27-inch and 31-inch heights to conform to the prevailing standard for guardrails of this type: NCHRP Report 350.[18] After a review by the FHWA and an independent expert, in March 2015 the FHWA announced that the ET Plus® ET Plus passed all eight crash tests, and that the product remained eligible for federal reimbursement.[19]
In March 2015, the Virginia Department of Transportation announced plans to replace ET Plus guardrails.[20]
"In March [2015], federal officials said the design met safety standards during crash tests."[12]
In September 2015, The FHWA and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials published a joint task force report titled, “Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail End Terminal Crashes.” The report concluded that there are no unique performance limitations that can be attributed to the ET-Plus, that there are real-world conditions that exceed the performance expectation of all end terminal systems, and that additional crash testing of all existing Report 350-compliant end terminals would be irrelevant and uninformative. The report also cited installation, maintenance and repair as factors affecting product performance.[21][22]
On October 23, 2015, Trinity Highway Products announced that it will resume shipping the ET-Plus "after meeting safety standards in crash tests" to fill orders as they come in.[12]
Inland Barge Group[edit]
The group manufactures dry-cargo barges and hopper barges.
Energy Equipment Group[edit]
The group manufactures tank containers and tank heads for pressure vessels, propane tanks and structural wind towers.
Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group[edit]
The group provides fleet management, maintenance and leasing services.[23]
Trinity Industries Leasing operates DOT-111 Tank cars for lease in North America.
See also[edit]

List of rolling stock manufacturers

References[edit]



^ "Trinity Industries Inc (NYSE:TRN) > Description", Google Finance review.
^ Kleiner, Diana J., "Trinity Industries", Who's Who in America, 1978–79 via Texas State Historical Association Handbook of Texas Online.
^ "Trinity Industries Agrees to Acquire Thrall Car". New York Times. 2001-08-14. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Expert: Guardrail flaw putting drivers at risk", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 13, 2014. Link to "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ...". Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases: Brittany Robinson (February 13, 2013 crash) and Jay Traylor (January 27, 2014 crash), respectively, vs. Trinity Industries; with responses from Trinity and American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), links to case documents, accident reports and more". WPRI 12 Eyewitness News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Man now double amputee after crashing into guardrail", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 14, 2014; updated March 16, 2015. Link from "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ..." which addresses in part Jay Traylor's case. Reporter Hogan spoke exclusively to Traylor, the double amputee. Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Eligibility Letter Request FAQs - Safety | Federal Highway Administration". safety.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy; Brian Ross (September 18, 2014). "Outrage Over Guardrail Crashes Tied to Lost Limbs, Deaths". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-24). "Producer of Highway Guardrails to Halt Sales". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Texas Court Hits Trinity With $663M FCA Judgment - Law360". www.law360.com. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Jones, Kristin; Thomas Madigan | Pepper Hamilton LLP. "A Case to Watch: Highway Contractor Appeals $663M False Claims Act Judgment | JD Supra". JD Supra. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ a b c d "Texas company to resume shipping guardrails". AP: The Big Story. October 23, 2015. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Kessler, Aaron M.; Ivory, Danielle (2014-10-27). "Virginia to Remove Suspect Guardrails". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Peer Review of Report: "Relative Comparison of NCHRP 350 Accepted Guardrail Terminals" - Guardrail Safety | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy (March 13, 2015). "Controversial Guardrail System Passes Government Crash Tests". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "U.S. Department of Transportation" (PDF). U.S. Department of Transportation. U.S. Department of Transportation. February 6, 2015. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA Releases Results and Analysis of the Second Set of Crash Tests of ET-Plus Guardrail End Terminals, 3/13/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "VDOT 'moves forward' with plan to remove controversial guardrail". WUSA9. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail Terminal Crashes | FHWA Review of ET-Plus | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA and AASHTO Release Findings on Guardrail Terminal Crash Analysis, 9/11/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Trinity Industries, Inc. (TRN) NYSE", Yahoo! Finance Review.



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trinity_Industries&oldid=782379531"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConglomerate companies established in 1933Building materials companies of the United StatesRolling stock leasing companiesRolling stock manufacturers of the United StatesCement companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in DallasConglomerate companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies established in 19331933 establishments in TexasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschRomână 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 14:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Trinity Industries





























 










About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us













                                        Trinity Industries, Inc. is a diversified industrial company that owns complementary, market-leading 
                                        businesses providing products and services to the energy, chemical, agriculture, transportation, and 
                                        construction sectors. Trinity reports its financial results in five principal business segments: the Rail 
                                        Group, the Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, the Inland Barge Group, the 
                                        Construction Products Group, and the Energy Equipment Group.

                                        












				  
 
							
                              Annual Report



                             | etplusfacts.com
                             | Trinity Craftsmanship Video
			     | Interconnected Video











Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC















Trinity Industries - Trinity Businesses - Railcar Group


  






 
 


 




 
 





About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home


 


 


 


Trinity's Rail Group


 


For more information about Trinity's rail industry product manufacturing businesses, please visit: 


> 
										trinityrailcar.com
> 
										mcconway.com





 



								Trinity’s rail manufacturing companies serve a wide variety of industries, ranging from energy and chemicals to agriculture, automotive, and construction.	
	
                                                                TrinityRail Products, Inc. provides engineering, logistics, and administrative services to support the manufacturing of railcars.  
                                

									Trinity North American Freight Car, Inc. manufactures a full line of freight railcars that transport dry cargo products, including automobiles, grains, plastics, cement, industrial sand, coal, and steel products.
						
									Trinity Tank Car, Inc. manufactures a full line of pressurized and non-pressurized tank railcars that
                                    transport products ranging from renewable fuels to food products, chemicals, petroleum products, and liquefied gases.

                                

                                    Trinity’s three railcar parts and components companies are Standard Forged Products, LLC, which manufactures railcar axles and large circular steel products;  McConway & Torley, LLC, which manufactures coupling devices; and Trinity Parts & Components, LLC, which manufactures railcar parts and components. TrinityRail Maintenance Services, Inc. provides a complete array of railcar maintenance services.
                                



 
 





 
 
    







Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC



 
 











Trinity Industries - Trinity Businesses


  




 
 


 




 
 





About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home


 

 

 





Trinity’s rail manufacturing companies serve a wide variety of industries, ranging from energy and chemicals 
to agriculture, automotive, and construction. 









Trinity’s Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group provides railcar leasing and comprehensive rail industry service options that 
enable customers to focus on their core businesses. 








Trinity’s Inland Barge Group manufactures barges used to transport dry and liquid cargo on U.S. inland waterways.









Trinity’s Construction Products Group consists of companies that provide products and services for the construction industry and various infrastructure projects.











Trinity’s Energy Equipment Group includes companies that manufacture a variety of energy-related products. 






 
 
 




 
 
    

 




Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC



 











Trinity Industries





























 










About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us













                                        Trinity Industries, Inc. is a diversified industrial company that owns complementary, market-leading 
                                        businesses providing products and services to the energy, chemical, agriculture, transportation, and 
                                        construction sectors. Trinity reports its financial results in five principal business segments: the Rail 
                                        Group, the Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, the Inland Barge Group, the 
                                        Construction Products Group, and the Energy Equipment Group.

                                        












				  
 
							
                              Annual Report



                             | etplusfacts.com
                             | Trinity Craftsmanship Video
			     | Interconnected Video











Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC















Trinity Industries - Trinity Businesses - Construction Products Group









 
 


 













About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home
















 


For more information about Trinity's construction products businesses, please 
										visit:


> diamondpro.com
> 
										energyabsorption.com
> 
										highwayguardrail.com
> trinitylightweight.com
> trinitymaterialsinc.com
> 
										trinitymetalslaboratory.com





 


								Trinity’s Construction Products Group consists of companies that provide products and services for the construction industry and various infrastructure projects.

                                Trinity Construction Materials, Inc. and its subsidiaries are leading producers and distributors in the Western and Southwestern United States of lightweight and natural aggregates, including expanded shale and clay, crushed stone, sand and gravel, asphalt rock, and other products.  

								Trinity Highway Products, LLC is a leading U.S. manufacturer of highway guardrail and multiple proprietary products, including crash cushions, end terminals, and a cable barrier guardrail system.
                                 Energy Absorption Systems, Inc. is a leading provider of crash cushions 
                                as well as truck-mounted attenuators, flexible post delineators, and other 
                                transportation-related products. 
                                 
Trinity Shoring Products, Inc. provides 
                                trench shoring equipment for the construction industry. 
                                




 











   









Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC



















Trinity Industries





























 










About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us













                                        Trinity Industries, Inc. is a diversified industrial company that owns complementary, market-leading 
                                        businesses providing products and services to the energy, chemical, agriculture, transportation, and 
                                        construction sectors. Trinity reports its financial results in five principal business segments: the Rail 
                                        Group, the Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, the Inland Barge Group, the 
                                        Construction Products Group, and the Energy Equipment Group.

                                        












				  
 
							
                              Annual Report



                             | etplusfacts.com
                             | Trinity Craftsmanship Video
			     | Interconnected Video











Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC















Trinity Industries - About Us









 

 


 




 
 





About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home


 

 



 

 




							Trinity Industries, Inc. is a diversified industrial company that owns complementary, market-leading businesses 
							providing products and services to the energy, chemical, agriculture, transportation, and construction sectors. 
							Trinity reports its financial results in five principal business segments: the Rail Group, the Railcar Leasing and 
							Management Services Group, the Inland Barge Group, the Construction Products Group, and the Energy Equipment 
							Group. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TRN.						
                             



                        				Our businesses play an important role in the overall economy by supplying essential, 
							infrastructure-related products and services ranging from barges, storage and distribution 
							containers, construction aggregates, and highway products to wind towers, utility structures, 
							railcars, railcar parts, and railcar leasing, management, and maintenance services.

							

							Our businesses are interconnected in ways that foster shared enrichment and add value to our stakeholders. 
							Because of their similarities, our businesses are able to tap into physical resources,
							talent, and expertise within our highly flexible operating platform to capitalize on changing 
							business conditions and opportunities.

							

							Our vision is to be a premier, diversified industrial company that owns market-leading businesses
                                 			which provide superior products and services to customers while generating high-quality earnings
                                  			and returns for shareholders.  We expect to accomplish this through:						
                            



									the skills, talents, and integrity of our people,

									the strength of our market-leading positions,

									the interconnections of our businesses,

									the depth of our operational capabilities, and

									our commitment to excellence and continuous improvement.




							To view a short video about the value generated by the interconnections of our 							businesses, 
							please visit http://video.trin.net/Interconnected/.


Trinity’s businesses are market leaders.


									Trinity’s railcar manufacturing and leasing companies, using the trade nameTrinityRail®, are leading providers in North America of railcars, railcar leasing, and comprehensive rail industry services.


									Trinity Marine Products, Inc. is a leading manufacturer in the United States of inland barges and fiberglass barge covers.


									Trinity Containers, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of storage and distribution containers.


									McConway & Torley, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of railcar coupling devices.


									Trinity Highway Products, LLC and Energy Absorption Systems, Inc. are leading manufacturers in the United States of highway products.


									Trinity Industries de Mexico is a leading manufacturer in Mexico of storage and distribution containers.


									Standard Forged Products, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of railcar axles.


									Trinity Construction Materials, Inc. and its subsidiaries are leading producers and distributors within the Western and Southwestern United States of lightweight and natural aggregates for the construction industry.


								 	Trinity Structural Towers, Inc. is a leading manufacturer in North America of structural wind towers.


								 	Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of steel structures for electricity transmission and distribution.  
								










                                        For information about Trinity 
												and its history, please refer to The Legend of Trinity Industries, Inc.














 




 
 
    







Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC



 













Trinity Industries - Wikipedia





















 






Trinity Industries

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Trinity Industries Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TRN
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Conglomerate


Founded
Dallas, Texas,
United States (1933)


Headquarters
Dallas, Texas,
United States



Key people

Timothy R. Wallace (CEO, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chairman of Trinity Rail Group)
James E. Perry, CFO and Vice President
D. Stephen Menzies, Senior Vice President; Group President of Trinity Rail
William A. McWhirter, Senior Vice President; Group President
Charles Michel, Vice President, CAO and Controller
Mary E. Henderson, Vice President and Chief Audit Executive
Virginia Gray, Vice President (Organizational Development)
Antonio Carrillo, Vice President


Revenue
 $US 4.4 billion (2013)



Net income

 $US 375.5 million (2013)



Number of employees

9,270 (2010)


Website
www.trin.net


Trinity Industries Inc. owns a variety of businesses which provide product and services to the industrial, energy, transportation and construction sectors.
Now, the company has five business groups which are Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group and Railcar Leasing & Management Services Group.[1]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding
1.2 1970s
1.3 1980s
1.4 1990s
1.5 2001
1.6 June 2006
1.7 August 2006
1.8 December 2006
1.9 April 2007


2 Product

2.1 Rail Group
2.2 Construction Products Group

2.2.1 Guardrail controversy


2.3 Inland Barge Group
2.4 Energy Equipment Group
2.5 Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group


3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Founding[edit]
The company, first known as Trinity Steel, was founded by C. J. Bender in Dallas in 1933. W. Ray Wallace, an engineering graduate of Louisiana Tech, worked for Dallas's Austin Bridge Company in 1944 before joining the company in 1946 as its seventeenth employee. At the time Trinity Steel manufactured butane tanks in a Dallas County mule barn. In 1958 Trinity Steel merged with Dallas Tank Company, which was also founded in 1933, and Ray Wallace became the new firm's president and first chief executive officer. At the time Trinity had revenues reaching $2.5 million and employed 200 workers. While some employees of the firm in other states eventually unionized, Texas workers never formed a union. For a time the company profited by producing larger tanks that enabled it to enter the petroleum business and do steel fabrication for refineries. In addition, to free up capital, it established an investment company to buy trucks and lease them back to the firm. Nonetheless, by 1957 Trinity faced competition and declines in the petroleum industry. Dallas Tank, Trinity Steel, and Bender-Wallace Development Company merged in 1958 to form Trinity Industries, Incorporated, and went public.
1970s[edit]
In 1970 Trinity diversified with the acquisition of 153 acres (0.62 km2) of land adjacent to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and in 1971 established its first real estate subsidiary. Acquisition of Mosher Steel in 1973, after initially contracting work out to them, enhanced the company's structural business. Among projects completed by the firm's structural division were the Texas Stadium, New York's World Trade Center, the Balboa Bridge in Panama, the Pennzoil Building, and two buildings in Moscow. Although Trinity began fabricating railway tank car bodies as a subcontractor to Richmond Tank Car and Union Tank Car as early as 1966, in 1978 Trinity began producing complete tank and covered hopper rail cars in association with Quick Car of Fort Worth, Texas, which Trinity later absorbed.
1980s[edit]
By the 1980s two subsidiaries, Gamble's Incorporated of Alabama and Mosher Steel of Texas, manufactured structural products including materials for drilling platforms, highway bridge components, commercial-high-rise buildings, and other girders and beams. The firm's marine subsidiary, Equitable Shipyards, produced LASH or Lighter Aboard Ship barges, riverboats for use by Hilton Hotels, and other craft for industrial uses. Hackney, Incorporated, its metal components subsidiary, produced materials for piping systems. Trinity produced completed railcars, including tank cars, covered and open hoppers, and gondolas to transport chemicals, coal, structural steel and other commodities, at locations in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Longview, Texas, and held two railcar leasing subsidiaries. The company also produced containers for fertilizer, liquified petroleum gas, and nuclear fuel and waste. In 1981 Trinity acquired a metal fabrication firm at Channelview, Texas, and Babcock & Wilcox plants in Elkhart, Indiana, and Koppel, Pennsylvania, and in 1983 it acquired Halter Marine. In 1984 Trinity absorbed Quick Car and acquired the railcar designs and production facilities of the Pullman-Standard Car Manufacturing Company, once the largest railcar manufacturer in North America. That same year Trinity also acquired the railcar designs of General American Transportation Corporation. In 1986 the rail car designs and production facilities of Greenville Steel Car Company were purchased, including the auto rack designs of Portec-Paragon. Also acquired in 1986 were the railcar designs of North American Car Corporation, and in 1987 Ortner Freight Car was acquired. These combined acquisitions made Trinity the largest rail car manufacturer in North America.
1990s[edit]
"In the 1990s expansion continued with the acquisition of the Transit Mix Concrete and Materials Company of Beaumont, Texas, Beiard Industries, Syro Steel and Stearns Airport Equipment of Fort Worth, Texas. By 1993 revenues exceeded $1.5 billion, and the firm employed 13,000 people."[2] In 1998 Trinity acquired the Differential Steel Car Company (DIFCO), which designed and built specialty rail cars. That same year Trinity also opened a rail car production plant in Monclova, Mexico.
2001[edit]
In 2001 Trinity Industries acquired the designs and production facilities of Thrall Car Manufacturing Company, then North America's second largest producer of railroad freight cars.[3]
June 2006[edit]
The company completed the sale of its weld pipe fittings business.
August 2006[edit]
The company sold its European Rail business to International Railway Systems S.A.
December 2006[edit]
During the year ended December 31, 2006, it made two acquisitions in the Construction Products Group.
April 2007[edit]
The company's subsidiary, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company, acquired a combined group of East Texas asphalt, ready mix concrete and aggregates businesses operating under the name Armor Materials.[citation needed]
Product[edit]
Rail Group[edit]
The group manufactures and sells railroad cars (hopper cars, gondolas, flat cars, roll cars, intermodal cars, tank cars, etc.) and component parts. Its customers include railroads, leasing companies and shippers of products.
Construction Products Group[edit]
The group produces concrete, aggregates, highway products, beams and girders used in highway bridge construction. Its customers include contractors and subcontractors in the construction and foundation industry.
Guardrail controversy[edit]
In March 2012, Joshua Harman, co-owner of guardrail manufacturing and installation companies SPIG Industry and Selco Construction Services, filed a federal False Claims Act (FCA) suit against Trinity Highway Products, LLC. Trinity manufactures under license the ET Plus System—a guardrail end terminal system designed by the Texas A&M Transportation Institute (TTI). Mr. Harman alleged that Trinity did not properly notify the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) in 2005 when Trinity changed the ET Plusâ guide channel from five inches to four. Trinity made the modification upon the recommendation of TTI which had successfully crash tested the product, it was revealed in a series of investigative articles published by television station WPRI-TV in May 2014.[4][5][6] Prior to May 18, 2015, FHWA did not expect product submitters to notify FHWA of “non-significant” modifications if the modification was though to have no effect on how the device would slow, stop or redirect the vehicle.[7] Harman further alleged that these were cost-cutting changes that resulted in unsafe products being deployed on U.S. highways. Automobile accidents involving the ET Plus System have involved guardrails penetrating vehicles and causing injury to the driver. Lawsuits regarding the guardrails causing injury to motorists were pending in U.S. courts in 2014.[8]
In October, 2014, the federal lawsuit resulted in a fraud jury verdict of $175 million which under FCA was tripled to $525 million.[9] In June 2015, the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas certified the verdict and assessed the final penalty at $663 million.[10] Trinity has appealed the case to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.[11][12]
In January 2014, Nevada suspended the use of the guardrails due to Trinity's lack of disclosure.[13] By October 2014, 14 states had suspended new installations of the end terminal.[14] A report by the University of Alabama at Birmingham which examined data from almost a decade of crash reports concluded the ET Plus guardrail end terminal to be nearly three times more likely to result in fatality than the previous version of the end terminal. In January 2015, the FHWA commissioned a peer review of the University of Alabama at Birmingham report. All four reviewers raised concerns about limitations or flaws in the study’s methodology, which led all of the reviewers to question the validity of the study’s findings and conclusions.[15] In October 2014, the FHWA issued a memorandum requesting information from state transportation departments regarding the ET Plus performance.[16] In addition, the FHWA requested the guardrail be retested. Trinity voluntarily stopped shipping the ET Plus until the additional crash testing requested by the FHWA could be completed. Up to that point, 42 states had stopped installation of new ET Plus guardrails pending further testing.[12][17]
The company conducted a series of eight crash tests at 27-inch and 31-inch heights to conform to the prevailing standard for guardrails of this type: NCHRP Report 350.[18] After a review by the FHWA and an independent expert, in March 2015 the FHWA announced that the ET Plus® ET Plus passed all eight crash tests, and that the product remained eligible for federal reimbursement.[19]
In March 2015, the Virginia Department of Transportation announced plans to replace ET Plus guardrails.[20]
"In March [2015], federal officials said the design met safety standards during crash tests."[12]
In September 2015, The FHWA and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials published a joint task force report titled, “Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail End Terminal Crashes.” The report concluded that there are no unique performance limitations that can be attributed to the ET-Plus, that there are real-world conditions that exceed the performance expectation of all end terminal systems, and that additional crash testing of all existing Report 350-compliant end terminals would be irrelevant and uninformative. The report also cited installation, maintenance and repair as factors affecting product performance.[21][22]
On October 23, 2015, Trinity Highway Products announced that it will resume shipping the ET-Plus "after meeting safety standards in crash tests" to fill orders as they come in.[12]
Inland Barge Group[edit]
The group manufactures dry-cargo barges and hopper barges.
Energy Equipment Group[edit]
The group manufactures tank containers and tank heads for pressure vessels, propane tanks and structural wind towers.
Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group[edit]
The group provides fleet management, maintenance and leasing services.[23]
Trinity Industries Leasing operates DOT-111 Tank cars for lease in North America.
See also[edit]

List of rolling stock manufacturers

References[edit]



^ "Trinity Industries Inc (NYSE:TRN) > Description", Google Finance review.
^ Kleiner, Diana J., "Trinity Industries", Who's Who in America, 1978–79 via Texas State Historical Association Handbook of Texas Online.
^ "Trinity Industries Agrees to Acquire Thrall Car". New York Times. 2001-08-14. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Expert: Guardrail flaw putting drivers at risk", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 13, 2014. Link to "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ...". Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases: Brittany Robinson (February 13, 2013 crash) and Jay Traylor (January 27, 2014 crash), respectively, vs. Trinity Industries; with responses from Trinity and American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), links to case documents, accident reports and more". WPRI 12 Eyewitness News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Man now double amputee after crashing into guardrail", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 14, 2014; updated March 16, 2015. Link from "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ..." which addresses in part Jay Traylor's case. Reporter Hogan spoke exclusively to Traylor, the double amputee. Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Eligibility Letter Request FAQs - Safety | Federal Highway Administration". safety.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy; Brian Ross (September 18, 2014). "Outrage Over Guardrail Crashes Tied to Lost Limbs, Deaths". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-24). "Producer of Highway Guardrails to Halt Sales". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Texas Court Hits Trinity With $663M FCA Judgment - Law360". www.law360.com. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Jones, Kristin; Thomas Madigan | Pepper Hamilton LLP. "A Case to Watch: Highway Contractor Appeals $663M False Claims Act Judgment | JD Supra". JD Supra. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ a b c d "Texas company to resume shipping guardrails". AP: The Big Story. October 23, 2015. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Kessler, Aaron M.; Ivory, Danielle (2014-10-27). "Virginia to Remove Suspect Guardrails". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Peer Review of Report: "Relative Comparison of NCHRP 350 Accepted Guardrail Terminals" - Guardrail Safety | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy (March 13, 2015). "Controversial Guardrail System Passes Government Crash Tests". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "U.S. Department of Transportation" (PDF). U.S. Department of Transportation. U.S. Department of Transportation. February 6, 2015. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA Releases Results and Analysis of the Second Set of Crash Tests of ET-Plus Guardrail End Terminals, 3/13/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "VDOT 'moves forward' with plan to remove controversial guardrail". WUSA9. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail Terminal Crashes | FHWA Review of ET-Plus | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA and AASHTO Release Findings on Guardrail Terminal Crash Analysis, 9/11/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Trinity Industries, Inc. (TRN) NYSE", Yahoo! Finance Review.



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trinity_Industries&oldid=782379531"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConglomerate companies established in 1933Building materials companies of the United StatesRolling stock leasing companiesRolling stock manufacturers of the United StatesCement companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in DallasConglomerate companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies established in 19331933 establishments in TexasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschRomână 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 14:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Trinity Industries - Investor Relations









 
 



 














About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home






































Current TRN Stock Price
7/28/2017 4:02pm







						$27.44
					


Change

High

Low


			 
			-0.16
27.67
27.60











    Trinity Industries, Inc. common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TRN.
   
     

Investor Contact:
Preston Bass
     Director, Investor Relations
     (214)631-4420
     Email


Media Contact:
Jack Todd
     Vice President, Public Affairs
     (214)589-8909
     




  
         Our businesses are interconnected to add value for our stakeholders. To view a short video about 
	 our businesses' interconnections,
         please click on the image below.
  







  
         Trinity Craftsmanship plays a major role in the success of our company. To learn more about Trinity Craftsmanship, 
         please click on the image below to watch the short video highlighting our talented and dedicated employees.

       
  
  
















   









Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC


 
Latest Financial Reports 

 | 
Annual Report


 | 
Letter to our Shareholders

 | 

2017 Proxy













Trinity Industries, Inc. Competitors and Products in the Railway Age Buyer's Guide   Railway Age Buyer's GuideTrinity Industries, Inc.Trinity Industries, Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 0P.O. Box 568887Dallas, TX 75356-8887Competitors of Trinity Industries, Inc.Motive Power Resources, Inc.Motive Power Resources, Inc. (MPR) is a leading supplier of locomotives for sale or lease, locomotive repair and rebuild services, in-field locomotive repairs, while managing a large inventory of new, rebuilt and qualified locomotive parts and components for sale. MPR offers quality workmanship... Read More Send an email Email Sent 3 products Write a reviewIndependent Machine Co, Inc.Independent Machine Co, Inc. write a reviewDana RailcarDana Railcar write a review×Rate and Review Trinity Industries, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Trinity Industries, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Trinity Industries, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Motive Power Resources, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Motive Power Resources, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Motive Power Resources, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact Motive Power Resources, Inc. Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Railway Age Buyer's Guide and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review Independent Machine Co, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Independent Machine Co, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Independent Machine Co, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Dana Railcar     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Dana Railcar. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Dana Railcar.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Railway Age Buyer's Guide. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Railway Age Buyer's Guide. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address


Trinity Industries - Wikipedia





















 






Trinity Industries

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Trinity Industries Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TRN
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Conglomerate


Founded
Dallas, Texas,
United States (1933)


Headquarters
Dallas, Texas,
United States



Key people

Timothy R. Wallace (CEO, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chairman of Trinity Rail Group)
James E. Perry, CFO and Vice President
D. Stephen Menzies, Senior Vice President; Group President of Trinity Rail
William A. McWhirter, Senior Vice President; Group President
Charles Michel, Vice President, CAO and Controller
Mary E. Henderson, Vice President and Chief Audit Executive
Virginia Gray, Vice President (Organizational Development)
Antonio Carrillo, Vice President


Revenue
 $US 4.4 billion (2013)



Net income

 $US 375.5 million (2013)



Number of employees

9,270 (2010)


Website
www.trin.net


Trinity Industries Inc. owns a variety of businesses which provide product and services to the industrial, energy, transportation and construction sectors.
Now, the company has five business groups which are Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group and Railcar Leasing & Management Services Group.[1]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding
1.2 1970s
1.3 1980s
1.4 1990s
1.5 2001
1.6 June 2006
1.7 August 2006
1.8 December 2006
1.9 April 2007


2 Product

2.1 Rail Group
2.2 Construction Products Group

2.2.1 Guardrail controversy


2.3 Inland Barge Group
2.4 Energy Equipment Group
2.5 Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group


3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Founding[edit]
The company, first known as Trinity Steel, was founded by C. J. Bender in Dallas in 1933. W. Ray Wallace, an engineering graduate of Louisiana Tech, worked for Dallas's Austin Bridge Company in 1944 before joining the company in 1946 as its seventeenth employee. At the time Trinity Steel manufactured butane tanks in a Dallas County mule barn. In 1958 Trinity Steel merged with Dallas Tank Company, which was also founded in 1933, and Ray Wallace became the new firm's president and first chief executive officer. At the time Trinity had revenues reaching $2.5 million and employed 200 workers. While some employees of the firm in other states eventually unionized, Texas workers never formed a union. For a time the company profited by producing larger tanks that enabled it to enter the petroleum business and do steel fabrication for refineries. In addition, to free up capital, it established an investment company to buy trucks and lease them back to the firm. Nonetheless, by 1957 Trinity faced competition and declines in the petroleum industry. Dallas Tank, Trinity Steel, and Bender-Wallace Development Company merged in 1958 to form Trinity Industries, Incorporated, and went public.
1970s[edit]
In 1970 Trinity diversified with the acquisition of 153 acres (0.62 km2) of land adjacent to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and in 1971 established its first real estate subsidiary. Acquisition of Mosher Steel in 1973, after initially contracting work out to them, enhanced the company's structural business. Among projects completed by the firm's structural division were the Texas Stadium, New York's World Trade Center, the Balboa Bridge in Panama, the Pennzoil Building, and two buildings in Moscow. Although Trinity began fabricating railway tank car bodies as a subcontractor to Richmond Tank Car and Union Tank Car as early as 1966, in 1978 Trinity began producing complete tank and covered hopper rail cars in association with Quick Car of Fort Worth, Texas, which Trinity later absorbed.
1980s[edit]
By the 1980s two subsidiaries, Gamble's Incorporated of Alabama and Mosher Steel of Texas, manufactured structural products including materials for drilling platforms, highway bridge components, commercial-high-rise buildings, and other girders and beams. The firm's marine subsidiary, Equitable Shipyards, produced LASH or Lighter Aboard Ship barges, riverboats for use by Hilton Hotels, and other craft for industrial uses. Hackney, Incorporated, its metal components subsidiary, produced materials for piping systems. Trinity produced completed railcars, including tank cars, covered and open hoppers, and gondolas to transport chemicals, coal, structural steel and other commodities, at locations in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Longview, Texas, and held two railcar leasing subsidiaries. The company also produced containers for fertilizer, liquified petroleum gas, and nuclear fuel and waste. In 1981 Trinity acquired a metal fabrication firm at Channelview, Texas, and Babcock & Wilcox plants in Elkhart, Indiana, and Koppel, Pennsylvania, and in 1983 it acquired Halter Marine. In 1984 Trinity absorbed Quick Car and acquired the railcar designs and production facilities of the Pullman-Standard Car Manufacturing Company, once the largest railcar manufacturer in North America. That same year Trinity also acquired the railcar designs of General American Transportation Corporation. In 1986 the rail car designs and production facilities of Greenville Steel Car Company were purchased, including the auto rack designs of Portec-Paragon. Also acquired in 1986 were the railcar designs of North American Car Corporation, and in 1987 Ortner Freight Car was acquired. These combined acquisitions made Trinity the largest rail car manufacturer in North America.
1990s[edit]
"In the 1990s expansion continued with the acquisition of the Transit Mix Concrete and Materials Company of Beaumont, Texas, Beiard Industries, Syro Steel and Stearns Airport Equipment of Fort Worth, Texas. By 1993 revenues exceeded $1.5 billion, and the firm employed 13,000 people."[2] In 1998 Trinity acquired the Differential Steel Car Company (DIFCO), which designed and built specialty rail cars. That same year Trinity also opened a rail car production plant in Monclova, Mexico.
2001[edit]
In 2001 Trinity Industries acquired the designs and production facilities of Thrall Car Manufacturing Company, then North America's second largest producer of railroad freight cars.[3]
June 2006[edit]
The company completed the sale of its weld pipe fittings business.
August 2006[edit]
The company sold its European Rail business to International Railway Systems S.A.
December 2006[edit]
During the year ended December 31, 2006, it made two acquisitions in the Construction Products Group.
April 2007[edit]
The company's subsidiary, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company, acquired a combined group of East Texas asphalt, ready mix concrete and aggregates businesses operating under the name Armor Materials.[citation needed]
Product[edit]
Rail Group[edit]
The group manufactures and sells railroad cars (hopper cars, gondolas, flat cars, roll cars, intermodal cars, tank cars, etc.) and component parts. Its customers include railroads, leasing companies and shippers of products.
Construction Products Group[edit]
The group produces concrete, aggregates, highway products, beams and girders used in highway bridge construction. Its customers include contractors and subcontractors in the construction and foundation industry.
Guardrail controversy[edit]
In March 2012, Joshua Harman, co-owner of guardrail manufacturing and installation companies SPIG Industry and Selco Construction Services, filed a federal False Claims Act (FCA) suit against Trinity Highway Products, LLC. Trinity manufactures under license the ET Plus System—a guardrail end terminal system designed by the Texas A&M Transportation Institute (TTI). Mr. Harman alleged that Trinity did not properly notify the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) in 2005 when Trinity changed the ET Plusâ guide channel from five inches to four. Trinity made the modification upon the recommendation of TTI which had successfully crash tested the product, it was revealed in a series of investigative articles published by television station WPRI-TV in May 2014.[4][5][6] Prior to May 18, 2015, FHWA did not expect product submitters to notify FHWA of “non-significant” modifications if the modification was though to have no effect on how the device would slow, stop or redirect the vehicle.[7] Harman further alleged that these were cost-cutting changes that resulted in unsafe products being deployed on U.S. highways. Automobile accidents involving the ET Plus System have involved guardrails penetrating vehicles and causing injury to the driver. Lawsuits regarding the guardrails causing injury to motorists were pending in U.S. courts in 2014.[8]
In October, 2014, the federal lawsuit resulted in a fraud jury verdict of $175 million which under FCA was tripled to $525 million.[9] In June 2015, the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas certified the verdict and assessed the final penalty at $663 million.[10] Trinity has appealed the case to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.[11][12]
In January 2014, Nevada suspended the use of the guardrails due to Trinity's lack of disclosure.[13] By October 2014, 14 states had suspended new installations of the end terminal.[14] A report by the University of Alabama at Birmingham which examined data from almost a decade of crash reports concluded the ET Plus guardrail end terminal to be nearly three times more likely to result in fatality than the previous version of the end terminal. In January 2015, the FHWA commissioned a peer review of the University of Alabama at Birmingham report. All four reviewers raised concerns about limitations or flaws in the study’s methodology, which led all of the reviewers to question the validity of the study’s findings and conclusions.[15] In October 2014, the FHWA issued a memorandum requesting information from state transportation departments regarding the ET Plus performance.[16] In addition, the FHWA requested the guardrail be retested. Trinity voluntarily stopped shipping the ET Plus until the additional crash testing requested by the FHWA could be completed. Up to that point, 42 states had stopped installation of new ET Plus guardrails pending further testing.[12][17]
The company conducted a series of eight crash tests at 27-inch and 31-inch heights to conform to the prevailing standard for guardrails of this type: NCHRP Report 350.[18] After a review by the FHWA and an independent expert, in March 2015 the FHWA announced that the ET Plus® ET Plus passed all eight crash tests, and that the product remained eligible for federal reimbursement.[19]
In March 2015, the Virginia Department of Transportation announced plans to replace ET Plus guardrails.[20]
"In March [2015], federal officials said the design met safety standards during crash tests."[12]
In September 2015, The FHWA and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials published a joint task force report titled, “Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail End Terminal Crashes.” The report concluded that there are no unique performance limitations that can be attributed to the ET-Plus, that there are real-world conditions that exceed the performance expectation of all end terminal systems, and that additional crash testing of all existing Report 350-compliant end terminals would be irrelevant and uninformative. The report also cited installation, maintenance and repair as factors affecting product performance.[21][22]
On October 23, 2015, Trinity Highway Products announced that it will resume shipping the ET-Plus "after meeting safety standards in crash tests" to fill orders as they come in.[12]
Inland Barge Group[edit]
The group manufactures dry-cargo barges and hopper barges.
Energy Equipment Group[edit]
The group manufactures tank containers and tank heads for pressure vessels, propane tanks and structural wind towers.
Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group[edit]
The group provides fleet management, maintenance and leasing services.[23]
Trinity Industries Leasing operates DOT-111 Tank cars for lease in North America.
See also[edit]

List of rolling stock manufacturers

References[edit]



^ "Trinity Industries Inc (NYSE:TRN) > Description", Google Finance review.
^ Kleiner, Diana J., "Trinity Industries", Who's Who in America, 1978–79 via Texas State Historical Association Handbook of Texas Online.
^ "Trinity Industries Agrees to Acquire Thrall Car". New York Times. 2001-08-14. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Expert: Guardrail flaw putting drivers at risk", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 13, 2014. Link to "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ...". Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases: Brittany Robinson (February 13, 2013 crash) and Jay Traylor (January 27, 2014 crash), respectively, vs. Trinity Industries; with responses from Trinity and American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), links to case documents, accident reports and more". WPRI 12 Eyewitness News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Man now double amputee after crashing into guardrail", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 14, 2014; updated March 16, 2015. Link from "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ..." which addresses in part Jay Traylor's case. Reporter Hogan spoke exclusively to Traylor, the double amputee. Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Eligibility Letter Request FAQs - Safety | Federal Highway Administration". safety.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy; Brian Ross (September 18, 2014). "Outrage Over Guardrail Crashes Tied to Lost Limbs, Deaths". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-24). "Producer of Highway Guardrails to Halt Sales". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Texas Court Hits Trinity With $663M FCA Judgment - Law360". www.law360.com. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Jones, Kristin; Thomas Madigan | Pepper Hamilton LLP. "A Case to Watch: Highway Contractor Appeals $663M False Claims Act Judgment | JD Supra". JD Supra. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ a b c d "Texas company to resume shipping guardrails". AP: The Big Story. October 23, 2015. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Kessler, Aaron M.; Ivory, Danielle (2014-10-27). "Virginia to Remove Suspect Guardrails". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Peer Review of Report: "Relative Comparison of NCHRP 350 Accepted Guardrail Terminals" - Guardrail Safety | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy (March 13, 2015). "Controversial Guardrail System Passes Government Crash Tests". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "U.S. Department of Transportation" (PDF). U.S. Department of Transportation. U.S. Department of Transportation. February 6, 2015. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA Releases Results and Analysis of the Second Set of Crash Tests of ET-Plus Guardrail End Terminals, 3/13/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "VDOT 'moves forward' with plan to remove controversial guardrail". WUSA9. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail Terminal Crashes | FHWA Review of ET-Plus | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA and AASHTO Release Findings on Guardrail Terminal Crash Analysis, 9/11/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Trinity Industries, Inc. (TRN) NYSE", Yahoo! Finance Review.



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trinity_Industries&oldid=782379531"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConglomerate companies established in 1933Building materials companies of the United StatesRolling stock leasing companiesRolling stock manufacturers of the United StatesCement companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in DallasConglomerate companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies established in 19331933 establishments in TexasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschRomână 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 14:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 


















Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results - NASDAQ.com








































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search















































See headlines for TRN


View Print Version
                        
More from Business Wire



Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results
Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Date for Earnings Release
Trinity Industries, Inc. Increases Quarterly Dividend



Referenced Stocks


TRN
100%
Rate It





Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results


By Business Wire,  July 25, 2017, 04:15:00 PM EDT








Vote up







A
A
A









DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Trinity Industries, Inc. (NYSE:TRN) today announced earnings results for
      the second quarter ended June 30, 2017, including the following
      highlights:
    


        Quarterly revenues and net income of $905.5 million and $51.1 million,
        respectively, compared to $1.2 billion and $94.6 million,
        respectively, in 2016
      

        Quarterly earnings per common diluted share of $0.33 compared to $0.62
        per share in 2016
      

        Quarterly deliveries and orders totaling 4,055 and 5,705 railcars,
        respectively, in the Rail Group, compared to 6,065 and 2,910 railcars,
        respectively, in 2016
      
Rail Group backlog increases to 27,580 railcars as of June 30, 2017
        from 26,420 railcars as of March 31, 2017, with a value of $2.7
        billion for both periods
      

        Company completes sales of $99.5 million of leased railcars during the
        quarter compared to sales of $149.1 million in 2016 with associated
        earnings per common diluted share of $0.11 and $0.18, respectively
      

        Company repurchases approximately 1.9 million shares of common stock
        under its share repurchase authorization during the quarter at a cost
        of $52.4 million

        Anticipates full year 2017 earnings per common diluted share of
        between $1.10 and $1.30 compared to its previous full year 2017
        earnings guidance of between $1.00 and $1.25 per share
      


Consolidated Results

Trinity Industries, Inc. reported net income attributable to Trinity
      stockholders of $51.1 million, or $0.33 per common diluted share, for
      the second quarter ended June 30, 2017. Net income for the same quarter
      of 2016 was $94.6 million, or $0.62 per common diluted share. Revenues
      for the second quarter of 2017 totaled $905.5 million compared to
      revenues of $1.2 billion for the same quarter of 2016.
    

      "Our financial results for the second quarter of 2017 came in slightly
      ahead of our expectations," said Timothy R. Wallace, Trinity's Chairman,
      CEO and President. "Our markets remain highly competitive as supply and
      demand imbalances continue to impact many of our end markets. Generally
      speaking, when industry-order levels reach low points we begin to see
      strategic purchases occurring in our businesses. During the second
      quarter, this occurred in our railcar manufacturing business. I am very
      pleased with the order level our Rail Group received. Our Leasing and
      Construction Products businesses generated solid results during the
      quarter."
    

Business Group Results


      In the second quarter of 2017, the Rail Group reported revenues of
      $465.9 million compared to revenues of $693.2 million in the second
      quarter of 2016. Operating profit and profit margin for the Rail Group
      were $37.0 million and 7.9% in the second quarter of 2017 compared to
      $88.8 million and 12.8% in the second quarter of 2016. The decreases in
      revenues and operating profit were primarily due to significantly lower
      railcar deliveries. The Rail Group delivered 4,055 railcars and received
      orders for 5,705 railcars during the second quarter of 2017 compared to
      6,065 and 2,910 railcars, respectively, in the same quarter last year.
      The Rail Group had a backlog of $2.7 billion as of June 30, 2017,
      representing 27,580 railcars, compared to a backlog of $2.7 billion as
      of March 31, 2017, representing 26,420 railcars.
    
The Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group ("Leasing Group")
      reported revenues and operating profit from leasing and management
      operations of $185.0 million and $85.6 million, respectively, in the
      second quarter of 2017, an increase of 3.6% and 14.9%, respectively,
      compared to the same quarter of 2016. The increases in revenues and
      operating profit reflect higher net additions to the lease fleet
      partially offset by lower average lease rates. Lower fleet maintenance
      and compliance expenses during the second quarter of 2017 also
      contributed to the increase in operating profit.
    

      Total proceeds and operating profit from the sale of leased railcars
      from the lease fleet, including the sale of railcars owned for more than
      one year that are not included in revenue, were $99.5 million and $25.2
      million, respectively, for the second quarter of 2017 compared with
      total proceeds and operating profit of $149.1 million and $43.2 million,
      respectively, in the second quarter of 2016. The decreases in proceeds
      and operating profit reflects a lower volume of leased railcar sales.
      Supplemental information for the Leasing Group is provided in the
      accompanying tables.
    
The Inland Barge Group reported revenues of $33.5 million in the second
      quarter of 2017 compared to revenues of $118.3 million in the second
      quarter of 2016. Operating profit and profit margin for this Group were
      $0.5 million and 1.5% in the second quarter of 2017 compared to $14.3
      million and 12.1% in the second quarter of 2016. The decreases in
      revenues and operating profit compared to the same quarter last year
      were primarily due to significantly lower barge deliveries and changes
      in product mix. The Inland Barge Group had a backlog of $90.7 million as
      of June 30, 2017 compared to a backlog of $109.9 million as of March 31,
      2017.
    
The Energy Equipment Group reported revenues of $238.5 million in the
      second quarter of 2017 compared to revenues of $240.6 million in the
      same quarter of 2016. Operating profit and profit margin for this Group
      were $24.3 million and 10.2% compared to $34.9 million and 14.5% in the
      same quarter last year. An increase in volumes in the Group's wind
      towers and utility structures product lines was offset by lower delivery
      volumes in the Group's other product lines leading to a decrease in
      revenues and operating profit compared to the same quarter last year.
      The backlog for structural wind towers as of June 30, 2017 was $0.9
      billion compared to a backlog of $1.0 billion as of March 31, 2017.
    
The Construction Products Group reported revenues of $131.3 million in
      the second quarter of 2017 compared to revenues of $145.8 million in the
      second quarter of 2016. The decrease in revenues compared to the same
      quarter last year was primarily due to lower volumes in our highway
      products business. Operating profit and profit margin were $22.3 million
      and 17.0% in the second quarter of 2017 compared to $21.5 million and
      14.7% in the same quarter last year. Operating profit increased compared
      to the same quarter last year primarily due to improved manufacturing
      efficiencies.
    

Cash and Liquidity


      At June 30, 2017, the Company had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term
      marketable securities of $988.3 million. When combined with capacity
      under committed credit facilities, the Company had approximately $2.3
      billion of available liquidity at the end of the second quarter.
    

Share Repurchase


      For the second quarter and year to date, the Company repurchased
      1,942,200 shares of common stock at a cost of $52.4 million leaving
      $163.0 million remaining under its current authorization through
      December 31, 2017.
    

Effective Tax Rate


      In 2017, the Company adopted a new accounting standard which changed the
      accounting for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees. As
      a result, the Company anticipates there will be greater volatility in
      the provision for income taxes, primarily in the second quarter each
      year when the Company's share-based payments typically vest, resulting
      from stock price fluctuations between the grant date and the vest
      date. For the second quarter of 2017, the effective tax rate was 40.9%
      primarily related to share-based compensation compared to 35.1% in the
      second quarter of 2016, which excluded this impact.
    

Earnings Guidance for 2017


      For the full year of 2017, the Company anticipates earnings per common
      diluted share of between $1.10 and $1.30 compared to its previous
      guidance of between $1.00 and $1.25 per share.
    

      Actual results in 2017 may differ from present expectations and could be
      impacted by a number of factors including, among others, the risk
      factors disclosed in "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Statements" in
      the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recent fiscal year.
    

Conference Call


      Trinity will hold a conference call at 11:00 a.m. Eastern on July 26,
      2017 to discuss its second quarter results. To listen to the call,
      please visit the Investor Relations section of the Trinity Industries
      website, www.trin.net
      and select the Conference Calls menu link. An audio replay may be
      accessed through the Company's website or by dialing (402) 220-2972
      until 11:59 p.m. Eastern on August 2, 2017.
    

Company Description

Trinity Industries, Inc., headquartered in Dallas, Texas, is a
      diversified industrial company that owns complementary market-leading
      businesses providing products and services to the energy, chemical,
      agriculture, transportation, and construction sectors, among others.
      Trinity reports its financial results in five principal business
      segments: the Rail Group, the Railcar Leasing and Management Services
      Group, the Inland Barge Group, the Construction Products Group, and the
      Energy Equipment Group. For more information, visit: www.trin.net.
    
Some statements in this release, which are not historical facts, are
      "forward-looking statements" as defined by the Private Securities
      Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include
      statements about Trinity's estimates, expectations, beliefs, intentions
      or strategies for the future, and the assumptions underlying these
      forward-looking statements. Trinity uses the words "anticipates,"
      "assumes," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "forecasts,"
      "may," "will," "should," "guidance," "outlook," and similar expressions
      to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
      involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
      differ materially from historical experience or our present
      expectations. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, which
      could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the
      forward-looking statements, see "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking
      Statements" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most
      recent fiscal year.
    



           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Condensed Consolidated Income Statements




            (in millions, except per share amounts)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
Three Months Ended








June 30,









           
        
2017

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        
2016

           
        



          Revenues
        





          $
        

          905.5
        







          $
        

          1,184.9
        





          Operating costs:
        















          Cost of revenues
        







          681.9
        









          897.7
        





          Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses
        







          112.8
        









          106.7
        





          Losses (gains) on dispositions of property:
        















          Net gains on lease fleet sales
        







          (23.7
        

          )
        







          (11.4
        

          )
        



          Other
        





           
        

          (0.7
        

          )
        





           
        

          0.3
        

           
        









           
        

          770.3
        

           
        





           
        

          993.3
        

           
        



          Operating profit
        







          135.2
        









          191.6
        





          Interest expense, net
        







          43.4
        









          44.3
        





          Other, net
        





           
        

          0.5
        

           
        





           
        

          (4.9
        

          )
        



          Income before income taxes
        







          91.3
        









          152.2
        





          Provision for income taxes
        





           
        

          37.3
        

           
        





           
        

          53.4
        

           
        



          Net income
        







          54.0
        









          98.8
        





          Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest
        





           
        

          2.9
        

           
        





           
        

          4.2
        

           
        



          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc.
        





          $
        

          51.1
        

           
        





          $
        

          94.6
        

           
        















           
        



          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. per common share:
        















          Basic
        





          $
        

          0.34
        







          $
        

          0.62
        





          Diluted
        





          $
        

          0.33
        







          $
        

          0.62
        





          Weighted average number of shares outstanding:
        















          Basic
        







          149.1
        









          147.8
        





          Diluted
        







          151.0
        









          147.8
        





      Trinity is required to utilize the two-class method of accounting when
      calculating earnings per share as a result of unvested restricted shares
      that have non-forfeitable rights to dividends and are, therefore,
      considered to be a participating security. The unvested restricted
      shares are excluded from the weighted average number of shares
      outstanding for the purposes of determining earnings per share. The
      two-class method results in a lower earnings per share than is
      calculated from the face of the income statement. See Earnings Per Share
      Calculation table below.
    



           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Condensed Consolidated Income Statements




            (in millions, except per share amounts)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
Six Months Ended








June 30,









           
        
2017

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        
2016

           
        



          Revenues
        





          $
        

          1,782.8
        







          $
        

          2,372.8
        





          Operating costs:
        















          Cost of revenues
        







          1,341.6
        









          1,787.6
        





          Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses
        







          215.1
        









          203.2
        





          Losses (gains) on dispositions of property:
        















          Net gains on lease fleet sales
        







          (23.7
        

          )
        







          (13.5
        

          )
        



          Other
        





           
        

          (2.0
        

          )
        





           
        

          0.5
        

           
        









           
        

          1,531.0
        

           
        





           
        

          1,977.8
        

           
        



          Operating profit
        







          251.8
        









          395.0
        





          Interest expense, net
        







          86.7
        









          88.9
        





          Other, net
        





           
        

          1.3
        

           
        





           
        

          (5.6
        

          )
        



          Income before income taxes
        







          163.8
        









          311.7
        





          Provision for income taxes
        





           
        

          58.1
        

           
        





           
        

          110.8
        

           
        



          Net income
        







          105.7
        









          200.9
        





          Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest
        





           
        

          8.6
        

           
        





           
        

          9.1
        

           
        



          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc.
        





          $
        

          97.1
        

           
        





          $
        

          191.8
        

           
        















           
        



          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. per common share:
        















          Basic
        





          $
        

          0.64
        







          $
        

          1.25
        





          Diluted
        





          $
        

          0.63
        







          $
        

          1.25
        





          Weighted average number of shares outstanding:
        















          Basic
        







          148.9
        









          148.7
        





          Diluted
        







          151.0
        









          148.7
        





      Trinity is required to utilize the two-class method of accounting when
      calculating earnings per share as a result of unvested restricted shares
      that have non-forfeitable rights to dividends and are, therefore,
      considered to be a participating security. The unvested restricted
      shares are excluded from the weighted average number of shares
      outstanding for the purposes of determining earnings per share. The
      two-class method results in a lower earnings per share than is
      calculated from the face of the income statement. See Earnings Per Share
      Calculation table below.
    



           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Condensed Segment Data




            (in millions)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
Three Months Ended








June 30,


Revenues:





           
        
2017

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        
2016

           
        



          Rail Group
        





          $
        

          465.9
        







          $
        

          693.2
        





          Construction Products Group
        







          131.3
        









          145.8
        





          Inland Barge Group
        







          33.5
        









          118.3
        





          Energy Equipment Group
        







          238.5
        









          240.6
        





          Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group
        







          192.1
        









          296.6
        





          All Other
        





           
        

          22.7
        

           
        





           
        

          19.7
        

           
        



          Segment Totals before Eliminations
        







          1,084.0
        









          1,514.2
        





          Eliminations - lease subsidiary
        







          (115.9
        

          )
        







          (252.1
        

          )
        



          Eliminations - other
        





           
        

          (62.6
        

          )
        





           
        

          (77.2
        

          )
        



          Consolidated Total
        





          $
        

          905.5
        

           
        





          $
        

          1,184.9
        

           
        















           
        








Three Months Ended








June 30,


Operating profit (loss):





           
        
2017

           
        





           
        
2016

           
        



          Rail Group
        





          $
        

          37.0
        







          $
        

          88.8
        





          Construction Products Group
        







          22.3
        









          21.5
        





          Inland Barge Group
        







          0.5
        









          14.3
        





          Energy Equipment Group
        







          24.3
        









          34.9
        





          Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group
        







          110.8
        









          117.7
        





          All Other
        





           
        

          (5.7
        

          )
        





           
        

          (5.2
        

          )
        



          Segment Totals before Eliminations and Corporate Expenses
        







          189.2
        









          272.0
        





          Corporate
        







          (38.3
        

          )
        







          (34.7
        

          )
        



          Eliminations - lease subsidiary
        







          (13.6
        

          )
        







          (45.9
        

          )
        



          Eliminations - other
        





           
        

          (2.1
        

          )
        





           
        

          0.2
        

           
        



          Consolidated Total
        





          $
        

          135.2
        

           
        





          $
        

          191.6
        

           
        





           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Condensed Segment Data




            (in millions)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
Six Months Ended








June 30,


Revenues:





           
        
2017

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        
2016

           
        



          Rail Group
        





          $
        

          944.2
        







          $
        

          1,540.1
        





          Construction Products Group
        







          254.4
        









          270.7
        





          Inland Barge Group
        







          96.2
        









          229.1
        





          Energy Equipment Group
        







          493.9
        









          514.0
        





          Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group
        







          371.0
        









          475.1
        





          All Other
        





           
        

          45.5
        

           
        





           
        

          41.6
        

           
        



          Segment Totals before Eliminations
        







          2,205.2
        









          3,070.6
        





          Eliminations - lease subsidiary
        







          (296.9
        

          )
        







          (535.4
        

          )
        



          Eliminations - other
        





           
        

          (125.5
        

          )
        





           
        

          (162.4
        

          )
        



          Consolidated Total
        





          $
        

          1,782.8
        

           
        





          $
        

          2,372.8
        

           
        















           
        








Six Months Ended








June 30,


Operating profit (loss):





           
        
2017

           
        





           
        
2016

           
        



          Rail Group
        





          $
        

          87.7
        







          $
        

          246.0
        





          Construction Products Group
        







          37.9
        









          37.4
        





          Inland Barge Group
        







          6.9
        









          26.9
        





          Energy Equipment Group
        







          54.1
        









          72.3
        





          Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group
        







          195.8
        









          191.9
        





          All Other
        





           
        

          (10.3
        

          )
        





           
        

          (10.3
        

          )
        



          Segment Totals before Eliminations and Corporate Expenses
        







          372.1
        









          564.2
        





          Corporate
        







          (73.3
        

          )
        







          (59.4
        

          )
        



          Eliminations - lease subsidiary
        







          (42.5
        

          )
        







          (111.4
        

          )
        



          Eliminations - other
        





           
        

          (4.5
        

          )
        





           
        

          1.6
        

           
        



          Consolidated Total
        





          $
        

          251.8
        

           
        





          $
        

          395.0
        

           
        





           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Leasing Group


Condensed Results of Operations (unaudited)



           
        





           
        

           
        
Three Months Ended

           
        

           
        
Six Months Ended








June 30,




June 30,









           
        
2017

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        
2016

           
        





           
        
2017

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        
2016

           
        








($ in millions)



          Revenues:
        



























          Leasing and management
        





          $
        

          185.0
        







          $
        

          178.5
        







          $
        

          363.9
        







          $
        

          349.0
        





          Sales of railcars owned one year or less at the time of sale(1)





           
        

          7.1
        

           
        





           
        

          118.1
        

           
        





           
        

          7.1
        

           
        

           
        



           
        

          126.1
        

           
        



          Total revenues
        





          $
        

          192.1
        







          $
        

          296.6
        







          $
        

          371.0
        







          $
        

          475.1
        





          Operating profit:
        



























          Leasing and management
        





          $
        

          85.6
        







          $
        

          74.5
        







          $
        

          170.6
        







          $
        

          144.3
        





          Railcar sales(1):
        



























          Railcars owned one year or less at the time of sale
        







          1.5
        









          31.8
        









          1.5
        









          34.1
        





          Railcars owned more than one year at the time of sale
        





           
        

          23.7
        

           
        





           
        

          11.4
        

           
        





           
        

          23.7
        

           
        

           
        



           
        

          13.5
        

           
        



          Total operating profit
        





          $
        

          110.8
        







          $
        

          117.7
        







          $
        

          195.8
        







          $
        

          191.9
        





          Operating profit margin:
        



























          Leasing and management
        







          46.3
        

          %
        







          41.7
        

          %
        







          46.9
        

          %
        







          41.3
        

          %
        



          Railcar sales
        





          *
        





          *
        





          *
        





          *
        



          Total operating profit margin
        







          57.7
        

          %
        







          39.7
        

          %
        







          52.8
        

          %
        







          40.4
        

          %
        



          Selected expense information(2):
        



























          Depreciation
        





          $
        

          43.1
        







          $
        

          38.7
        







          $
        

          85.2
        







          $
        

          76.1
        





          Maintenance and compliance
        





          $
        

          23.9
        







          $
        

          31.8
        







          $
        

          44.4
        







          $
        

          63.4
        





          Rent
        





          $
        

          9.9
        







          $
        

          9.9
        







          $
        

          20.0
        







          $
        

          19.4
        





          Interest
        





          $
        

          31.3
        







          $
        

          31.4
        







          $
        

          61.9
        







          $
        

          63.2
        









           
        

           
        



           
        

           
        

















           
        








June 30,




December 31,









           
        
2017

           
        





           
        
2016

           
        



          Leasing portfolio information:
        















          Portfolio size (number of railcars):
        















          Wholly-owned
        







          62,570
        









          60,440
        





          Partially-owned
        





           
        

          24,660
        

           
        





           
        

          24,670
        

           
        











          87,230
        









          85,110
        





          Portfolio utilization
        







          97.5
        

          %
        







          97.6
        

          %
        









           
        









           
        








Six Months Ended June 30,









           
        
2017

           
        





           
        
2016

           
        








(in millions)



          Proceeds from sales of leased railcars:
        















          Leasing Group:
        















          Railcars owned one year or less at the time of sale
        





          $
        

          7.1
        







          $
        

          126.1
        





          Railcars owned more than one year at the time of sale
        







          92.4
        









          37.7
        





          Rail Group
        





           
        

          —
        

           
        





           
        

          8.1
        

           
        









          $
        

          99.5
        

           
        





          $
        

          171.9
        

           
        



      * Not meaningful
    

(1) The Company recognizes sales of railcars from the lease
      fleet which have been owned by the lease fleet for one year or less as
      revenue. Sales of railcars from the lease fleet which have been owned by
      the lease fleet for more than one year are recognized as a net gain or
      loss from the disposal of a long-term asset.
    

(2) Depreciation, maintenance and compliance, and rent
      expense are components of operating profit. Amortization of deferred
      profit on railcars sold from the Rail Group to the Leasing Group is
      included in the operating profit of the Leasing Group resulting in the
      recognition of depreciation expense based on the Company's original
      manufacturing cost of the railcars. Interest expense is not a component
      of operating profit and includes the effect of hedges.
    



           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets




            (in millions)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
June 30,

           
        

           
        
December 31,








2017




2016



          Cash and cash equivalents
        





          $
        

          808.7
        





          $
        

          563.4
        



          Short-term marketable securities
        







          179.6
        







          234.7
        



          Receivables, net of allowance
        







          351.4
        







          378.7
        



          Income tax receivable
        







          182.7
        







          102.1
        



          Inventories
        







          627.3
        







          665.8
        



          Restricted cash
        







          194.8
        







          178.2
        



          Net property, plant, and equipment
        







          6,073.2
        







          5,966.8
        



          Goodwill
        







          754.7
        







          754.1
        



          Other assets
        





           
        

          279.7
        





           
        

          281.5
        









          $
        

          9,452.1
        





          $
        

          9,125.3
        















           
        



          Accounts payable
        





          $
        

          167.1
        





          $
        

          156.1
        



          Accrued liabilities
        







          412.4
        







          426.1
        



          Debt, net of unamortized discount of $17.9 and $27.1
        







          3,270.0
        







          3,056.6
        



          Deferred income
        







          22.0
        







          23.5
        



          Deferred income taxes
        







          1,210.7
        







          1,072.9
        



          Other liabilities
        







          54.4
        







          79.0
        



          Stockholders' equity:
        















          Trinity Industries, Inc.
        







          3,929.7
        







          3,918.5
        



          Noncontrolling interest
        





           
        

          385.8
        





           
        

          392.6
        









           
        

          4,315.5
        





           
        

          4,311.1
        









          $
        

          9,452.1
        





          $
        

          9,125.3
        





           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Additional Balance Sheet Information




            (in millions)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
June 30,

           
        

           
        
December 31,









           
        
2017

           
        





           
        
2016

           
        


Property, Plant, and Equipment















          Corporate/Manufacturing:
        















          Property, plant, and equipment
        





          $
        

          1,976.4
        







          $
        

          1,936.1
        





          Accumulated depreciation
        





           
        

          (1,023.3
        

          )
        





           
        

          (974.4
        

          )
        









           
        

          953.1
        

           
        





           
        

          961.7
        

           
        



          Leasing:
        















          Wholly-owned subsidiaries:
        















          Machinery and other
        







          10.7
        









          10.7
        





          Equipment on lease
        







          4,885.4
        









          4,673.0
        





          Accumulated depreciation
        





           
        

          (819.0
        

          )
        





           
        

          (760.1
        

          )
        









           
        

          4,077.1
        

           
        





           
        

          3,923.6
        

           
        



          Partially-owned subsidiaries:
        















          Equipment on lease
        







          2,311.4
        









          2,309.4
        





          Accumulated depreciation
        





           
        

          (461.3
        

          )
        





           
        

          (429.8
        

          )
        









           
        

          1,850.1
        

           
        





           
        

          1,879.6
        

           
        















           
        



          Deferred profit on railcars sold to the Leasing Group
        







          (970.4
        

          )
        







          (948.2
        

          )
        



          Accumulated amortization
        





           
        

          163.3
        

           
        





           
        

          150.1
        

           
        









           
        

          (807.1
        

          )
        





           
        

          (798.1
        

          )
        









          $
        

          6,073.2
        

           
        





          $
        

          5,966.8
        

           
        





           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Additional Balance Sheet Information




            (in millions)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
June 30,

           
        

           
        
December 31,









           
        
2017

           
        





           
        
2016

           
        


Debt















          Corporate - Recourse:
        















          Revolving credit facility
        





          $
        

          —
        







          $
        

          —
        





          Senior notes due 2024, net of unamortized discount of $0.3 and $0.4
        







          399.7
        









          399.6
        





          Convertible subordinated notes, net of unamortized discount of $17.6
          and $26.7
        







          431.8
        









          422.7
        





          Other
        





           
        

          0.6
        

           
        





           
        

          —
        

           
        











          832.1
        









          822.3
        





          Less: unamortized debt issuance costs
        





           
        

          (3.3
        

          )
        





           
        

          (3.7
        

          )
        









           
        

          828.8
        

           
        





           
        

          818.6
        

           
        



          Leasing:
        















          Wholly-owned subsidiaries:
        















          Recourse:
        















          Capital lease obligations, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of
          $0.1 and $0.1
        





           
        

          30.2
        

           
        





           
        

          32.0
        

           
        









           
        

          30.2
        

           
        





           
        

          32.0
        

           
        



          Non-recourse:
        















          Secured railcar equipment notes
        







          613.4
        









          647.3
        





          Warehouse facility
        







          167.6
        









          204.1
        





          Promissory notes
        





           
        

          301.1
        

           
        





           
        

          —
        

           
        











          1,082.1
        









          851.4
        





          Less: unamortized debt issuance costs
        





           
        

          (13.1
        

          )
        





           
        

          (11.4
        

          )
        









           
        

          1,069.0
        

           
        





           
        

          840.0
        

           
        



          Partially-owned subsidiaries - Non-recourse:
        















          Secured railcar equipment notes
        







          1,356.1
        









          1,381.0
        





          Less: unamortized debt issuance costs
        





           
        

          (14.1
        

          )
        





           
        

          (15.0
        

          )
        









           
        

          1,342.0
        

           
        





           
        

          1,366.0
        

           
        









          $
        

          3,270.0
        

           
        





          $
        

          3,056.6
        

           
        





           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Additional Balance Sheet Information




            ($ in millions)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
June 30,

           
        

           
        
December 31,









           
        
2017

           
        





           
        
2016

           
        


Leasing Debt Summary















          Total Recourse Debt
        





          $
        

          30.2
        







          $
        

          32.0
        





          Total Non-Recourse Debt
        





           
        

          2,411.0
        

           
        





           
        

          2,206.0
        

           
        









          $
        

          2,441.2
        

           
        





          $
        

          2,238.0
        

           
        



          Total Leasing Debt
        















          Wholly-owned subsidiaries
        





          $
        

          1,099.2
        







          $
        

          872.0
        





          Partially-owned subsidiaries
        





           
        

          1,342.0
        

           
        





           
        

          1,366.0
        

           
        









          $
        

          2,441.2
        

           
        





          $
        

          2,238.0
        

           
        



          Equipment on Lease(1)















          Wholly-owned subsidiaries
        





          $
        

          4,077.1
        







          $
        

          3,923.6
        





          Partially-owned subsidiaries
        





           
        

          1,850.1
        

           
        





           
        

          1,879.6
        

           
        









          $
        

          5,927.2
        

           
        





          $
        

          5,803.2
        

           
        



          Total Leasing Debt as a % of Equipment on Lease
        















          Wholly-owned subsidiaries
        







          27.0
        

          %
        







          22.2
        

          %
        



          Partially-owned subsidiaries
        







          72.5
        

          %
        







          72.7
        

          %
        



          Combined
        







          41.2
        

          %
        







          38.6
        

          %
        



      (1) Excludes net deferred profit on railcars sold to the Leasing Group.
    



           
        



           
        


Trinity Industries, Inc.


Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statements




            (in millions)
          





            (unaudited)
          




           
        





           
        

           
        
Six Months Ended








June 30,









           
        
2017

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        
2016

           
        


Operating activities:















          Net income
        





          $
        

          105.7
        







          $
        

          200.9
        





          Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
          operating activities:
        















          Depreciation and amortization
        







          146.5
        









          139.9
        





          Net gains on railcar lease fleet sales owned more than one year at
          the time of sale
        







          (23.7
        

          )
        







          (13.5
        

          )
        



          Other
        







          142.3
        









          161.2
        





          Changes in assets and liabilities:
        















          (Increase) decrease in receivables
        







          (52.8
        

          )
        







          (43.4
        

          )
        



          (Increase) decrease in inventories
        







          39.6
        









          60.5
        





          Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
        







          6.1
        









          (43.4
        

          )
        



          Other
        





           
        

          (27.6
        

          )
        





           
        

          24.2
        

           
        



          Net cash provided by operating activities
        





           
        

          336.1
        

           
        





           
        

          486.4
        

           
        


Investing activities:















          Proceeds from railcar lease fleet sales owned more than one year at
          the time of sale
        







          92.4
        









          37.7
        





          Proceeds from dispositions of property
        







          6.0
        









          4.1
        





          Capital expenditures - leasing, net of sold lease fleet railcars
          owned one year or less with a net cost of $5.6 and $92.0
        







          (271.6
        

          )
        







          (346.0
        

          )
        



          Capital expenditures - manufacturing and other
        







          (43.4
        

          )
        







          (79.8
        

          )
        



          (Increase) decrease in short-term marketable securities
        







          55.1
        









          (115.1
        

          )
        



          Acquisitions
        







          (5.3
        

          )
        







          —
        





          Other
        





           
        

          (2.1
        

          )
        





           
        

          2.3
        

           
        



          Net cash required by investing activities
        





           
        

          (168.9
        

          )
        





           
        

          (496.8
        

          )
        


Financing activities:















          Payments to retire debt
        







          (98.3
        

          )
        







          (77.6
        

          )
        



          Proceeds from issuance of debt
        







          299.4
        









          —
        





          Shares repurchased(1)







          (41.9
        

          )
        







          (34.7
        

          )
        



          Dividends paid to common shareholders
        







          (33.5
        

          )
        







          (33.4
        

          )
        



          Purchase of shares to satisfy employee tax on vested stock
        







          (14.0
        

          )
        







          (16.1
        

          )
        



          Distributions to noncontrolling interest
        







          (16.9
        

          )
        







          (10.9
        

          )
        



          (Increase) decrease in restricted cash
        







          (16.6
        

          )
        







          12.5
        





          Other
        





           
        

          (0.1
        

          )
        





           
        

          (1.4
        

          )
        



          Net cash provided (required) by financing activities
        





           
        

          78.1
        

           
        





           
        

          (161.6
        

          )
        



          Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
        







          245.3
        









          (172.0
        

          )
        



          Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
        





           
        

          563.4
        

           
        





           
        

          786.0
        

           
        



          Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
        





          $
        

          808.7
        

           
        





          $
        

          614.0
        

           
        



      (1) For the six months ended June 30, 2017, excludes shares totaling
      $10.5 million repurchased in June 2017 and cash settled in July 2017 in
      accordance with normal settlement practices.
    



           
        



           
        



Trinity Industries, Inc.




Earnings per Share Calculation




          (in millions, except per share amounts)
        



          (unaudited)
        



      Basic net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. per common
      share is computed by dividing net income attributable to Trinity
      remaining after allocation to unvested restricted shares by the weighted
      average number of basic common shares outstanding for the period.
    





           
        

           
        
Three Months Ended

           
        

           
        
Three Months Ended








June 30, 2017




June 30, 2016











           
        

           
        

          Average
        

           
        

           
        









           
        

           
        

          Average
        

           
        

           
        











          Income
        





          Shares
        





          EPS
        





          Income
        





          Shares
        





          EPS
        



          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc.
        





          $
        

          51.1
        

















          $
        

          94.6
        















          Unvested restricted share participation
        





           
        

          (1.1)
        

















           
        

          (2.9)
        















          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. - basic
        







          50.0
        





          149.1
        





          $
        

          0.34
        







          91.7
        





          147.8
        





          $
        

          0.62
        



          Effect of dilutive securities:
        







































          Nonparticipating unvested restricted shares and stock options
        







          —
        





          0.3
        













          —
        





          —
        









          Convertible subordinated notes
        





           
        

          —
        





          1.6
        











           
        

          —
        





          —
        









          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. - diluted
        





          $
        

          50.0
        





          151.0
        





          $
        

          0.33
        





          $
        

          91.7
        





          147.8
        





          $
        

          0.62
        















           
        















           
        








Six Months Ended




Six Months Ended








June 30, 2017




June 30, 2016















          Average
        

















          Average
        















          Income
        





          Shares
        





          EPS
        





          Income
        





          Shares
        





          EPS
        



          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc.
        





          $
        

          97.1
        

















          $
        

          191.8
        















          Unvested restricted share participation
        





           
        

          (2.3)
        

















           
        

          (5.7)
        















          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. - basic
        







          94.8
        





          148.9
        





          $
        

          0.64
        







          186.1
        





          148.7
        





          $
        

          1.25
        



          Effect of dilutive securities:
        







































          Nonparticipating unvested restricted shares and stock options
        







          —
        





          0.4
        













          —
        





          —
        









          Convertible subordinated notes
        





           
        

          —
        





          1.7
        











           
        

          —
        





          —
        









          Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. - diluted
        





          $
        

          94.8
        





          151.0
        





          $
        

          0.63
        





          $
        

          186.1
        





          148.7
        





          $
        

          1.25
        





           
        



           
        



Trinity Industries, Inc.




Reconciliation of EBITDA




          (in millions)
        



          (unaudited)
        



      "EBITDA" is defined as net income plus interest expense, income taxes,
      and depreciation and amortization including goodwill impairment charges.
      EBITDA is not a calculation based on generally accepted accounting
      principles. The amounts included in the EBITDA calculation are, however,
      derived from amounts included in the historical consolidated statements
      of operations data. In addition, EBITDA should not be considered as an
      alternative to net income or operating income as an indicator of our
      operating performance, or as an alternative to operating cash flows as a
      measure of liquidity. We believe EBITDA assists investors in comparing a
      company's performance on a consistent basis without regard to
      depreciation and amortization, which can vary significantly depending
      upon many factors. However, the EBITDA measure presented in this press
      release may not always be comparable to similarly titled measures by
      other companies due to differences in the components of the calculation.
    





           
        

           
        
Three Months Ended








June 30,








2017

           
        

           
        
2016



          Net income
        





          $
        

          54.0
        





          $
        

          98.8
        



          Add:
        















          Interest expense
        







          45.7
        







          45.6
        



          Provision for income taxes
        







          37.3
        







          53.4
        



          Depreciation and amortization expense
        





           
        

          73.7
        





           
        

          70.5
        



          Earnings before interest expense, income taxes, and depreciation and
          amortization expense
        





          $
        

          210.7
        





          $
        

          268.3
        









           
        









           
        








Six Months Ended








June 30,








2017




2016



          Net income
        





          $
        

          105.7
        





          $
        

          200.9
        



          Add:
        















          Interest expense
        







          90.7
        







          91.4
        



          Provision for income taxes
        







          58.1
        







          110.8
        



          Depreciation and amortization expense
        





           
        

          146.5
        





           
        

          139.9
        



          Earnings before interest expense, income taxes, and depreciation and
          amortization expense
        





          $
        

          401.0
        





          $
        

          543.0
        










View source version on businesswire.com: 

http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170725006313/en/


Source: Trinity Industries, Inc.








                
  		            This article appears in: 
                    
                            News Headlines




                
                    Referenced Stocks: 
                    
                            TRN




Latest News Video

Scott Dorval's On Your Side Forecas... 2 weeks after building collapse, wo... Special ed teacher arrested for chi... Lake Worth increasing surveillance ... 








Login




Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by RealTidbits







Related stocks Articles




Subscribe







Cypress Semiconductor Enjoys Broad-Based Growth


						7/28/2017 06:49 PM
					



4 Jaw-Dropping Stats About Retirement


						7/28/2017 06:30 PM
					



Lower Earners Just Lost a Key Retirement-Savings Option


						7/28/2017 06:18 PM
					












CLOSEX


Sign-in



















                        Existing NASDAQ.com member? Log in here.  
                    


                By signing into to the site using any of the third-party services above, you agree to NASDAQ.com's Terms of Use.
                


                Welcome back: 

                Log in using your: 
                
                 Account
                
Switch Accounts


















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results





View All Highest Rated




















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All
















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar





























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































Trinity Industries - Contact Us










 
 


 




 
 





About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home


 


 




 


 






Trinity Industries, Inc.
									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, Texas 75207
									(214) 631-4420 
								





Trinity Integrity Helpline
										1-877-876-5463
										Report Violations of Trinity’s Code of
										Business Conduct and Ethics
Code Of Business 
											Conduct and Ethics
Whistleblower 
											Policy and Procedures





Trinity Media
									Jack Todd
									Vice President of Public Affairs
									Trinity Industries, Inc.
                                    214-589-8909
media@trin.net





 
 


Trinity Rail Group, LLC

									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, TX 75207
									1-800-631-4420
									Customer Service:1-800-227-8844
Customer.Service@trin.net



Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, TX 75207
									(214) 589-8446
trinity.marine@trin.net



Trinity Highway Products, LLC
									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, TX 75207
									1-800-644-7976
product.info@trin.net




 
                                




McConway & Torley, LLC
									109 48th Street
									Pittsburgh, PA 15201
									(412) 682-4700
									1-800-245-6206
									(412) 682-4725 (fax)
                                    


Trinity Containers, LLC
									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, TX 75207
									1-800-631-4420
containers.product.info@trin.net



Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, TX 75207
									(214) 589-8328
									1-800-533-7862
                                    (214) 589-8189 (fax)
Trinity.LogisticsGroup@trin.net
www.trinitytrucking.com




 




Trinity Heads, Inc.
									11765 Hwy 6 South
									Navasota TX, 77868
									(936) 825-6581
									(936) 870-2591 (fax)
heads@trin.net



Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, TX 75207
									(214) 631-4420
									1-800-631-4420
trinity.towers@trin.net



Trinity Industries De Mexico
									Monte Pelvoux #111 piso 7
									
									Col. Lomas de Chapultepec
									
									C.P. 11000
									(52) 55 5201-7000
trinity.mexico@trin.net




 




Trinity Railcar Leasing and 
										Management Services Group
									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, TX 75207
									1-800-631-4420
									Customer Service:1-800-227-8844
customer.service@trin.net


Trinity Mining Services
									2525 Stemmons Freeway
									Dallas, TX 75207
									Contact: Sherlock Pippins
									(214) 589-8976
									1-800-245-6206
sherlock.pippins@trin.net



Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
								6750 Lenox Center Court, Suite 400
								Memphis, TN 38115
								(901) 566-6500
									1-800-501-0962
www.trinitymeyer.com




 




 Trinity Metals Laboratory, Inc.
									4001 Irving Blvd
									Dallas, TX 75247
									(214) 589-7591
www.trinitymetalslaboratory.com



Standard Forged 
							Products, LLC
									75 Nichol Avenue
									McKees Rocks, PA 15136
									(412) 778-2033


Trinity Parts &
							     Components, LLC
									2548 NE 28th Street
									Ft Worth, TX 76111
									(817) 378-2000
									(800) 336-7305




 





Nabrico
									1250 Gateway Drive
									Gallatin, TN 37066
									(615) 442-1300 
                                    (615) 442-1313 (fax)
www.nabrico-marine.com
nabrico@trin.net



Platinum Energy Services, ULC
									400, 333-11th Ave SW
									Calgary, AB T2R 1L9
									1-888-745-4647 
business@platinumenergycanada.com



Trinity Cryogenics, LLC
									2525 N Stemmons Fwy
									Dallas, TX 75207
									1-800-359-2556 
cryosales@trin.net




 


 




 
 
    








Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC



 












Trinity Industries - Trinity Businesses - Energy Equipment Group









 
 


 













About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home
















 



For more information about Trinity's energy equipment businesses, please visit:




> alloycustomproducts.com
> platinumenergycanada.com
> trinitycontainers.com
> trinityheads.com
> trinitymetalslaboratory.com
> trinitymexico.com
> trinitymeyer.com
> trinitytowers.com
> trinitytransmissionstructures.com
> wesmor.com





 


							    Trinity’s Energy Equipment Group includes companies that manufacture a variety of 
                                energy-related products. 							
							
								Trinity Containers, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of pressurized and non-pressurized storage and distribution containers 
                                that store and transport a wide variety of products, including propane, anhydrous ammonia, and natural gas liquids. Trinity Cryogenics, LLC
                                 manufactures cryogenic storage and transport containers. Trinity Heads, Inc. produces tank heads for a variety of storage and distribution
                                 containers and railcars.
							

                                Trinity Structural Towers, Inc. is a leading manufacturer in North America of structural wind towers. Trinity Meyer
				Utility Structures, LLC is a leading manufacturer in North America of steel utility structures for electricity transmission
				and distribution.
 
                                
                            

                                Platinum Energy Services, ULC manufactures and resells oil and gas processing and storage equipment used at well sites and in midstream locations. 


                            

							   Trinity Industries de Mexico, under the name TATSA, is a leading storage and distribution container manufacturer in Mexico. Trinity Industries de Mexico
                                also produces a variety of other steel products for Trinity businesses and external customers. 
							



 











   








Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC

















Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Trinity Industries - Wikipedia





















 






Trinity Industries

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Trinity Industries Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TRN
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Conglomerate


Founded
Dallas, Texas,
United States (1933)


Headquarters
Dallas, Texas,
United States



Key people

Timothy R. Wallace (CEO, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chairman of Trinity Rail Group)
James E. Perry, CFO and Vice President
D. Stephen Menzies, Senior Vice President; Group President of Trinity Rail
William A. McWhirter, Senior Vice President; Group President
Charles Michel, Vice President, CAO and Controller
Mary E. Henderson, Vice President and Chief Audit Executive
Virginia Gray, Vice President (Organizational Development)
Antonio Carrillo, Vice President


Revenue
 $US 4.4 billion (2013)



Net income

 $US 375.5 million (2013)



Number of employees

9,270 (2010)


Website
www.trin.net


Trinity Industries Inc. owns a variety of businesses which provide product and services to the industrial, energy, transportation and construction sectors.
Now, the company has five business groups which are Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group and Railcar Leasing & Management Services Group.[1]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding
1.2 1970s
1.3 1980s
1.4 1990s
1.5 2001
1.6 June 2006
1.7 August 2006
1.8 December 2006
1.9 April 2007


2 Product

2.1 Rail Group
2.2 Construction Products Group

2.2.1 Guardrail controversy


2.3 Inland Barge Group
2.4 Energy Equipment Group
2.5 Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group


3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Founding[edit]
The company, first known as Trinity Steel, was founded by C. J. Bender in Dallas in 1933. W. Ray Wallace, an engineering graduate of Louisiana Tech, worked for Dallas's Austin Bridge Company in 1944 before joining the company in 1946 as its seventeenth employee. At the time Trinity Steel manufactured butane tanks in a Dallas County mule barn. In 1958 Trinity Steel merged with Dallas Tank Company, which was also founded in 1933, and Ray Wallace became the new firm's president and first chief executive officer. At the time Trinity had revenues reaching $2.5 million and employed 200 workers. While some employees of the firm in other states eventually unionized, Texas workers never formed a union. For a time the company profited by producing larger tanks that enabled it to enter the petroleum business and do steel fabrication for refineries. In addition, to free up capital, it established an investment company to buy trucks and lease them back to the firm. Nonetheless, by 1957 Trinity faced competition and declines in the petroleum industry. Dallas Tank, Trinity Steel, and Bender-Wallace Development Company merged in 1958 to form Trinity Industries, Incorporated, and went public.
1970s[edit]
In 1970 Trinity diversified with the acquisition of 153 acres (0.62 km2) of land adjacent to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and in 1971 established its first real estate subsidiary. Acquisition of Mosher Steel in 1973, after initially contracting work out to them, enhanced the company's structural business. Among projects completed by the firm's structural division were the Texas Stadium, New York's World Trade Center, the Balboa Bridge in Panama, the Pennzoil Building, and two buildings in Moscow. Although Trinity began fabricating railway tank car bodies as a subcontractor to Richmond Tank Car and Union Tank Car as early as 1966, in 1978 Trinity began producing complete tank and covered hopper rail cars in association with Quick Car of Fort Worth, Texas, which Trinity later absorbed.
1980s[edit]
By the 1980s two subsidiaries, Gamble's Incorporated of Alabama and Mosher Steel of Texas, manufactured structural products including materials for drilling platforms, highway bridge components, commercial-high-rise buildings, and other girders and beams. The firm's marine subsidiary, Equitable Shipyards, produced LASH or Lighter Aboard Ship barges, riverboats for use by Hilton Hotels, and other craft for industrial uses. Hackney, Incorporated, its metal components subsidiary, produced materials for piping systems. Trinity produced completed railcars, including tank cars, covered and open hoppers, and gondolas to transport chemicals, coal, structural steel and other commodities, at locations in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Longview, Texas, and held two railcar leasing subsidiaries. The company also produced containers for fertilizer, liquified petroleum gas, and nuclear fuel and waste. In 1981 Trinity acquired a metal fabrication firm at Channelview, Texas, and Babcock & Wilcox plants in Elkhart, Indiana, and Koppel, Pennsylvania, and in 1983 it acquired Halter Marine. In 1984 Trinity absorbed Quick Car and acquired the railcar designs and production facilities of the Pullman-Standard Car Manufacturing Company, once the largest railcar manufacturer in North America. That same year Trinity also acquired the railcar designs of General American Transportation Corporation. In 1986 the rail car designs and production facilities of Greenville Steel Car Company were purchased, including the auto rack designs of Portec-Paragon. Also acquired in 1986 were the railcar designs of North American Car Corporation, and in 1987 Ortner Freight Car was acquired. These combined acquisitions made Trinity the largest rail car manufacturer in North America.
1990s[edit]
"In the 1990s expansion continued with the acquisition of the Transit Mix Concrete and Materials Company of Beaumont, Texas, Beiard Industries, Syro Steel and Stearns Airport Equipment of Fort Worth, Texas. By 1993 revenues exceeded $1.5 billion, and the firm employed 13,000 people."[2] In 1998 Trinity acquired the Differential Steel Car Company (DIFCO), which designed and built specialty rail cars. That same year Trinity also opened a rail car production plant in Monclova, Mexico.
2001[edit]
In 2001 Trinity Industries acquired the designs and production facilities of Thrall Car Manufacturing Company, then North America's second largest producer of railroad freight cars.[3]
June 2006[edit]
The company completed the sale of its weld pipe fittings business.
August 2006[edit]
The company sold its European Rail business to International Railway Systems S.A.
December 2006[edit]
During the year ended December 31, 2006, it made two acquisitions in the Construction Products Group.
April 2007[edit]
The company's subsidiary, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company, acquired a combined group of East Texas asphalt, ready mix concrete and aggregates businesses operating under the name Armor Materials.[citation needed]
Product[edit]
Rail Group[edit]
The group manufactures and sells railroad cars (hopper cars, gondolas, flat cars, roll cars, intermodal cars, tank cars, etc.) and component parts. Its customers include railroads, leasing companies and shippers of products.
Construction Products Group[edit]
The group produces concrete, aggregates, highway products, beams and girders used in highway bridge construction. Its customers include contractors and subcontractors in the construction and foundation industry.
Guardrail controversy[edit]
In March 2012, Joshua Harman, co-owner of guardrail manufacturing and installation companies SPIG Industry and Selco Construction Services, filed a federal False Claims Act (FCA) suit against Trinity Highway Products, LLC. Trinity manufactures under license the ET Plus System—a guardrail end terminal system designed by the Texas A&M Transportation Institute (TTI). Mr. Harman alleged that Trinity did not properly notify the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) in 2005 when Trinity changed the ET Plusâ guide channel from five inches to four. Trinity made the modification upon the recommendation of TTI which had successfully crash tested the product, it was revealed in a series of investigative articles published by television station WPRI-TV in May 2014.[4][5][6] Prior to May 18, 2015, FHWA did not expect product submitters to notify FHWA of “non-significant” modifications if the modification was though to have no effect on how the device would slow, stop or redirect the vehicle.[7] Harman further alleged that these were cost-cutting changes that resulted in unsafe products being deployed on U.S. highways. Automobile accidents involving the ET Plus System have involved guardrails penetrating vehicles and causing injury to the driver. Lawsuits regarding the guardrails causing injury to motorists were pending in U.S. courts in 2014.[8]
In October, 2014, the federal lawsuit resulted in a fraud jury verdict of $175 million which under FCA was tripled to $525 million.[9] In June 2015, the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas certified the verdict and assessed the final penalty at $663 million.[10] Trinity has appealed the case to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.[11][12]
In January 2014, Nevada suspended the use of the guardrails due to Trinity's lack of disclosure.[13] By October 2014, 14 states had suspended new installations of the end terminal.[14] A report by the University of Alabama at Birmingham which examined data from almost a decade of crash reports concluded the ET Plus guardrail end terminal to be nearly three times more likely to result in fatality than the previous version of the end terminal. In January 2015, the FHWA commissioned a peer review of the University of Alabama at Birmingham report. All four reviewers raised concerns about limitations or flaws in the study’s methodology, which led all of the reviewers to question the validity of the study’s findings and conclusions.[15] In October 2014, the FHWA issued a memorandum requesting information from state transportation departments regarding the ET Plus performance.[16] In addition, the FHWA requested the guardrail be retested. Trinity voluntarily stopped shipping the ET Plus until the additional crash testing requested by the FHWA could be completed. Up to that point, 42 states had stopped installation of new ET Plus guardrails pending further testing.[12][17]
The company conducted a series of eight crash tests at 27-inch and 31-inch heights to conform to the prevailing standard for guardrails of this type: NCHRP Report 350.[18] After a review by the FHWA and an independent expert, in March 2015 the FHWA announced that the ET Plus® ET Plus passed all eight crash tests, and that the product remained eligible for federal reimbursement.[19]
In March 2015, the Virginia Department of Transportation announced plans to replace ET Plus guardrails.[20]
"In March [2015], federal officials said the design met safety standards during crash tests."[12]
In September 2015, The FHWA and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials published a joint task force report titled, “Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail End Terminal Crashes.” The report concluded that there are no unique performance limitations that can be attributed to the ET-Plus, that there are real-world conditions that exceed the performance expectation of all end terminal systems, and that additional crash testing of all existing Report 350-compliant end terminals would be irrelevant and uninformative. The report also cited installation, maintenance and repair as factors affecting product performance.[21][22]
On October 23, 2015, Trinity Highway Products announced that it will resume shipping the ET-Plus "after meeting safety standards in crash tests" to fill orders as they come in.[12]
Inland Barge Group[edit]
The group manufactures dry-cargo barges and hopper barges.
Energy Equipment Group[edit]
The group manufactures tank containers and tank heads for pressure vessels, propane tanks and structural wind towers.
Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group[edit]
The group provides fleet management, maintenance and leasing services.[23]
Trinity Industries Leasing operates DOT-111 Tank cars for lease in North America.
See also[edit]

List of rolling stock manufacturers

References[edit]



^ "Trinity Industries Inc (NYSE:TRN) > Description", Google Finance review.
^ Kleiner, Diana J., "Trinity Industries", Who's Who in America, 1978–79 via Texas State Historical Association Handbook of Texas Online.
^ "Trinity Industries Agrees to Acquire Thrall Car". New York Times. 2001-08-14. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Expert: Guardrail flaw putting drivers at risk", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 13, 2014. Link to "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ...". Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases: Brittany Robinson (February 13, 2013 crash) and Jay Traylor (January 27, 2014 crash), respectively, vs. Trinity Industries; with responses from Trinity and American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), links to case documents, accident reports and more". WPRI 12 Eyewitness News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Man now double amputee after crashing into guardrail", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 14, 2014; updated March 16, 2015. Link from "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ..." which addresses in part Jay Traylor's case. Reporter Hogan spoke exclusively to Traylor, the double amputee. Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Eligibility Letter Request FAQs - Safety | Federal Highway Administration". safety.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy; Brian Ross (September 18, 2014). "Outrage Over Guardrail Crashes Tied to Lost Limbs, Deaths". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-24). "Producer of Highway Guardrails to Halt Sales". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Texas Court Hits Trinity With $663M FCA Judgment - Law360". www.law360.com. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Jones, Kristin; Thomas Madigan | Pepper Hamilton LLP. "A Case to Watch: Highway Contractor Appeals $663M False Claims Act Judgment | JD Supra". JD Supra. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ a b c d "Texas company to resume shipping guardrails". AP: The Big Story. October 23, 2015. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Kessler, Aaron M.; Ivory, Danielle (2014-10-27). "Virginia to Remove Suspect Guardrails". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Peer Review of Report: "Relative Comparison of NCHRP 350 Accepted Guardrail Terminals" - Guardrail Safety | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy (March 13, 2015). "Controversial Guardrail System Passes Government Crash Tests". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "U.S. Department of Transportation" (PDF). U.S. Department of Transportation. U.S. Department of Transportation. February 6, 2015. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA Releases Results and Analysis of the Second Set of Crash Tests of ET-Plus Guardrail End Terminals, 3/13/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "VDOT 'moves forward' with plan to remove controversial guardrail". WUSA9. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail Terminal Crashes | FHWA Review of ET-Plus | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA and AASHTO Release Findings on Guardrail Terminal Crash Analysis, 9/11/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Trinity Industries, Inc. (TRN) NYSE", Yahoo! Finance Review.



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trinity_Industries&oldid=782379531"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConglomerate companies established in 1933Building materials companies of the United StatesRolling stock leasing companiesRolling stock manufacturers of the United StatesCement companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in DallasConglomerate companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies established in 19331933 establishments in TexasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschRomână 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 14:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Trinity Industries - Wikipedia





















 






Trinity Industries

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Trinity Industries Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TRN
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Conglomerate


Founded
Dallas, Texas,
United States (1933)


Headquarters
Dallas, Texas,
United States



Key people

Timothy R. Wallace (CEO, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chairman of Trinity Rail Group)
James E. Perry, CFO and Vice President
D. Stephen Menzies, Senior Vice President; Group President of Trinity Rail
William A. McWhirter, Senior Vice President; Group President
Charles Michel, Vice President, CAO and Controller
Mary E. Henderson, Vice President and Chief Audit Executive
Virginia Gray, Vice President (Organizational Development)
Antonio Carrillo, Vice President


Revenue
 $US 4.4 billion (2013)



Net income

 $US 375.5 million (2013)



Number of employees

9,270 (2010)


Website
www.trin.net


Trinity Industries Inc. owns a variety of businesses which provide product and services to the industrial, energy, transportation and construction sectors.
Now, the company has five business groups which are Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group and Railcar Leasing & Management Services Group.[1]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding
1.2 1970s
1.3 1980s
1.4 1990s
1.5 2001
1.6 June 2006
1.7 August 2006
1.8 December 2006
1.9 April 2007


2 Product

2.1 Rail Group
2.2 Construction Products Group

2.2.1 Guardrail controversy


2.3 Inland Barge Group
2.4 Energy Equipment Group
2.5 Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group


3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Founding[edit]
The company, first known as Trinity Steel, was founded by C. J. Bender in Dallas in 1933. W. Ray Wallace, an engineering graduate of Louisiana Tech, worked for Dallas's Austin Bridge Company in 1944 before joining the company in 1946 as its seventeenth employee. At the time Trinity Steel manufactured butane tanks in a Dallas County mule barn. In 1958 Trinity Steel merged with Dallas Tank Company, which was also founded in 1933, and Ray Wallace became the new firm's president and first chief executive officer. At the time Trinity had revenues reaching $2.5 million and employed 200 workers. While some employees of the firm in other states eventually unionized, Texas workers never formed a union. For a time the company profited by producing larger tanks that enabled it to enter the petroleum business and do steel fabrication for refineries. In addition, to free up capital, it established an investment company to buy trucks and lease them back to the firm. Nonetheless, by 1957 Trinity faced competition and declines in the petroleum industry. Dallas Tank, Trinity Steel, and Bender-Wallace Development Company merged in 1958 to form Trinity Industries, Incorporated, and went public.
1970s[edit]
In 1970 Trinity diversified with the acquisition of 153 acres (0.62 km2) of land adjacent to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and in 1971 established its first real estate subsidiary. Acquisition of Mosher Steel in 1973, after initially contracting work out to them, enhanced the company's structural business. Among projects completed by the firm's structural division were the Texas Stadium, New York's World Trade Center, the Balboa Bridge in Panama, the Pennzoil Building, and two buildings in Moscow. Although Trinity began fabricating railway tank car bodies as a subcontractor to Richmond Tank Car and Union Tank Car as early as 1966, in 1978 Trinity began producing complete tank and covered hopper rail cars in association with Quick Car of Fort Worth, Texas, which Trinity later absorbed.
1980s[edit]
By the 1980s two subsidiaries, Gamble's Incorporated of Alabama and Mosher Steel of Texas, manufactured structural products including materials for drilling platforms, highway bridge components, commercial-high-rise buildings, and other girders and beams. The firm's marine subsidiary, Equitable Shipyards, produced LASH or Lighter Aboard Ship barges, riverboats for use by Hilton Hotels, and other craft for industrial uses. Hackney, Incorporated, its metal components subsidiary, produced materials for piping systems. Trinity produced completed railcars, including tank cars, covered and open hoppers, and gondolas to transport chemicals, coal, structural steel and other commodities, at locations in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Longview, Texas, and held two railcar leasing subsidiaries. The company also produced containers for fertilizer, liquified petroleum gas, and nuclear fuel and waste. In 1981 Trinity acquired a metal fabrication firm at Channelview, Texas, and Babcock & Wilcox plants in Elkhart, Indiana, and Koppel, Pennsylvania, and in 1983 it acquired Halter Marine. In 1984 Trinity absorbed Quick Car and acquired the railcar designs and production facilities of the Pullman-Standard Car Manufacturing Company, once the largest railcar manufacturer in North America. That same year Trinity also acquired the railcar designs of General American Transportation Corporation. In 1986 the rail car designs and production facilities of Greenville Steel Car Company were purchased, including the auto rack designs of Portec-Paragon. Also acquired in 1986 were the railcar designs of North American Car Corporation, and in 1987 Ortner Freight Car was acquired. These combined acquisitions made Trinity the largest rail car manufacturer in North America.
1990s[edit]
"In the 1990s expansion continued with the acquisition of the Transit Mix Concrete and Materials Company of Beaumont, Texas, Beiard Industries, Syro Steel and Stearns Airport Equipment of Fort Worth, Texas. By 1993 revenues exceeded $1.5 billion, and the firm employed 13,000 people."[2] In 1998 Trinity acquired the Differential Steel Car Company (DIFCO), which designed and built specialty rail cars. That same year Trinity also opened a rail car production plant in Monclova, Mexico.
2001[edit]
In 2001 Trinity Industries acquired the designs and production facilities of Thrall Car Manufacturing Company, then North America's second largest producer of railroad freight cars.[3]
June 2006[edit]
The company completed the sale of its weld pipe fittings business.
August 2006[edit]
The company sold its European Rail business to International Railway Systems S.A.
December 2006[edit]
During the year ended December 31, 2006, it made two acquisitions in the Construction Products Group.
April 2007[edit]
The company's subsidiary, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company, acquired a combined group of East Texas asphalt, ready mix concrete and aggregates businesses operating under the name Armor Materials.[citation needed]
Product[edit]
Rail Group[edit]
The group manufactures and sells railroad cars (hopper cars, gondolas, flat cars, roll cars, intermodal cars, tank cars, etc.) and component parts. Its customers include railroads, leasing companies and shippers of products.
Construction Products Group[edit]
The group produces concrete, aggregates, highway products, beams and girders used in highway bridge construction. Its customers include contractors and subcontractors in the construction and foundation industry.
Guardrail controversy[edit]
In March 2012, Joshua Harman, co-owner of guardrail manufacturing and installation companies SPIG Industry and Selco Construction Services, filed a federal False Claims Act (FCA) suit against Trinity Highway Products, LLC. Trinity manufactures under license the ET Plus System—a guardrail end terminal system designed by the Texas A&M Transportation Institute (TTI). Mr. Harman alleged that Trinity did not properly notify the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) in 2005 when Trinity changed the ET Plusâ guide channel from five inches to four. Trinity made the modification upon the recommendation of TTI which had successfully crash tested the product, it was revealed in a series of investigative articles published by television station WPRI-TV in May 2014.[4][5][6] Prior to May 18, 2015, FHWA did not expect product submitters to notify FHWA of “non-significant” modifications if the modification was though to have no effect on how the device would slow, stop or redirect the vehicle.[7] Harman further alleged that these were cost-cutting changes that resulted in unsafe products being deployed on U.S. highways. Automobile accidents involving the ET Plus System have involved guardrails penetrating vehicles and causing injury to the driver. Lawsuits regarding the guardrails causing injury to motorists were pending in U.S. courts in 2014.[8]
In October, 2014, the federal lawsuit resulted in a fraud jury verdict of $175 million which under FCA was tripled to $525 million.[9] In June 2015, the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas certified the verdict and assessed the final penalty at $663 million.[10] Trinity has appealed the case to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.[11][12]
In January 2014, Nevada suspended the use of the guardrails due to Trinity's lack of disclosure.[13] By October 2014, 14 states had suspended new installations of the end terminal.[14] A report by the University of Alabama at Birmingham which examined data from almost a decade of crash reports concluded the ET Plus guardrail end terminal to be nearly three times more likely to result in fatality than the previous version of the end terminal. In January 2015, the FHWA commissioned a peer review of the University of Alabama at Birmingham report. All four reviewers raised concerns about limitations or flaws in the study’s methodology, which led all of the reviewers to question the validity of the study’s findings and conclusions.[15] In October 2014, the FHWA issued a memorandum requesting information from state transportation departments regarding the ET Plus performance.[16] In addition, the FHWA requested the guardrail be retested. Trinity voluntarily stopped shipping the ET Plus until the additional crash testing requested by the FHWA could be completed. Up to that point, 42 states had stopped installation of new ET Plus guardrails pending further testing.[12][17]
The company conducted a series of eight crash tests at 27-inch and 31-inch heights to conform to the prevailing standard for guardrails of this type: NCHRP Report 350.[18] After a review by the FHWA and an independent expert, in March 2015 the FHWA announced that the ET Plus® ET Plus passed all eight crash tests, and that the product remained eligible for federal reimbursement.[19]
In March 2015, the Virginia Department of Transportation announced plans to replace ET Plus guardrails.[20]
"In March [2015], federal officials said the design met safety standards during crash tests."[12]
In September 2015, The FHWA and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials published a joint task force report titled, “Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail End Terminal Crashes.” The report concluded that there are no unique performance limitations that can be attributed to the ET-Plus, that there are real-world conditions that exceed the performance expectation of all end terminal systems, and that additional crash testing of all existing Report 350-compliant end terminals would be irrelevant and uninformative. The report also cited installation, maintenance and repair as factors affecting product performance.[21][22]
On October 23, 2015, Trinity Highway Products announced that it will resume shipping the ET-Plus "after meeting safety standards in crash tests" to fill orders as they come in.[12]
Inland Barge Group[edit]
The group manufactures dry-cargo barges and hopper barges.
Energy Equipment Group[edit]
The group manufactures tank containers and tank heads for pressure vessels, propane tanks and structural wind towers.
Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group[edit]
The group provides fleet management, maintenance and leasing services.[23]
Trinity Industries Leasing operates DOT-111 Tank cars for lease in North America.
See also[edit]

List of rolling stock manufacturers

References[edit]



^ "Trinity Industries Inc (NYSE:TRN) > Description", Google Finance review.
^ Kleiner, Diana J., "Trinity Industries", Who's Who in America, 1978–79 via Texas State Historical Association Handbook of Texas Online.
^ "Trinity Industries Agrees to Acquire Thrall Car". New York Times. 2001-08-14. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Expert: Guardrail flaw putting drivers at risk", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 13, 2014. Link to "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ...". Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases: Brittany Robinson (February 13, 2013 crash) and Jay Traylor (January 27, 2014 crash), respectively, vs. Trinity Industries; with responses from Trinity and American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), links to case documents, accident reports and more". WPRI 12 Eyewitness News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Hogan, Susan, "Man now double amputee after crashing into guardrail", WPRI 12 Eyewitness News, May 14, 2014; updated March 16, 2015. Link from "Guardrail Dangers: Real-Life Cases ..." which addresses in part Jay Traylor's case. Reporter Hogan spoke exclusively to Traylor, the double amputee. Retrieved 2017-03-27.
^ "Eligibility Letter Request FAQs - Safety | Federal Highway Administration". safety.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy; Brian Ross (September 18, 2014). "Outrage Over Guardrail Crashes Tied to Lost Limbs, Deaths". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-24). "Producer of Highway Guardrails to Halt Sales". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Texas Court Hits Trinity With $663M FCA Judgment - Law360". www.law360.com. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Jones, Kristin; Thomas Madigan | Pepper Hamilton LLP. "A Case to Watch: Highway Contractor Appeals $663M False Claims Act Judgment | JD Supra". JD Supra. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ a b c d "Texas company to resume shipping guardrails". AP: The Big Story. October 23, 2015. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Kessler, Aaron M.; Ivory, Danielle (2014-10-27). "Virginia to Remove Suspect Guardrails". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Peer Review of Report: "Relative Comparison of NCHRP 350 Accepted Guardrail Terminals" - Guardrail Safety | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Ivory, Danielle; Kessler, Aaron M. (2014-10-12). "Highway Guardrail May Be Deadly, States Say". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ Galli, Cindy (March 13, 2015). "Controversial Guardrail System Passes Government Crash Tests". ABC News. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "U.S. Department of Transportation" (PDF). U.S. Department of Transportation. U.S. Department of Transportation. February 6, 2015. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA Releases Results and Analysis of the Second Set of Crash Tests of ET-Plus Guardrail End Terminals, 3/13/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "VDOT 'moves forward' with plan to remove controversial guardrail". WUSA9. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail Terminal Crashes | FHWA Review of ET-Plus | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Press Release: FHWA and AASHTO Release Findings on Guardrail Terminal Crash Analysis, 9/11/2015 | Federal Highway Administration". www.fhwa.dot.gov. Retrieved 2016-04-20. 
^ "Trinity Industries, Inc. (TRN) NYSE", Yahoo! Finance Review.



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trinity_Industries&oldid=782379531"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConglomerate companies established in 1933Building materials companies of the United StatesRolling stock leasing companiesRolling stock manufacturers of the United StatesCement companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in DallasConglomerate companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies established in 19331933 establishments in TexasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschRomână 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 14:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
















Work at Trinity Industries, Inc. | CareerBuilder
























Skip navigation




















Hello.






Sign in to find your next job.






Post Jobs










Sign In


Sign Up



Home
Add Resume
Browse Jobs
Explore Careers
Search Resources

Looking to Hire?
Post Jobs





Resumes
Cover Letters
Saved & Applied Jobs
Saved Searches
Profile
Sign Out













Search







Location


















Trinity Industries, Inc.



Public
Manufacturing
5,000 - 10,000 Employees
298 Active Jobs





Trinity Industries, the nation's largest railcar manufacturer and a leading builder of inland barges, highway guardrails and metal components, has a fascinating history of growth through diversification and strategic acquisitions. The company grew from a small household butane and propane gas tank manufacturer to become a $2.5 billion global giant. Trinity has acquired the assets of more than 100 companies, including the venerable Pullman Standard Company, manufacturer of passenger railcars.

Trinity Industries is one of the nation’s leading diversified industrial companies providing a variety of high volume, repetitive products and services for the transportation, industrial and construction sectors of the marketplace. Trinity operates in five distinct business groups: The Trinity Rail Group, Trinity Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, Inland Barge Group, Construction Products Group and Industrial Products Group.

Trinity’s rail group produces a full range of freight cars, tank cars and related parts while the leasing group provides a variety of leasing, financing and asset management options for Trinity’s railcar customers. Trinity’s barge group remains the largest provider of inland barges in the United States, while the construction products group is the domestic leader in the production of highway safety products. The construction products group also manufactures a wide variety of pipe fittings and is a strong regional producer of concrete and aggregates serving Texas markets. Trinity continues its legacy as one of the most respected manufacturers of pressure vessels and related components in the world.

Trinity aspires to be a premier, multi-industry holding company by creating superior shareholder value through:
- the strength of its business' market leadership positions
- the depth of its operational expertise
- the quality and talent of its people
- the ability to generate superior earnings and returns

Trinity Industries, Inc. is based in Dallas, Texas. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TRN.
Not Ready To Apply? 






Benefits
Trinity Industries offers a competitive salary and benefit package including medical, dental, 401K and business casual dress.












Contact
Trinity Industries2525 Stemmons FreewayDallas, Texas 75207-2401www.trin.net



Website
http://www.trin.net/






Recommended Jobs
at Trinity Industries, Inc.




Mobile Equipment Operator
Eagle Pass, TX




Senior Instrument Technician
Navasota, TX




Quality Inspector
Pittsburgh, PA




Chemical Cleaner 2
Hugo, OK




Coord Sales Rep Inside
Union City, MI




View All Trinity Industries, Inc. Jobs
View All Trinity Industries, Inc. Jobs















    TRN Key Statistics - Trinity Industries Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Trinity Industries Inc.

                  NYSE: TRN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Trinity Industries Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 6:20 p.m.


TRN

/quotes/zigman/244106/composite


$
27.40




Change

-0.04
-0.14%

Volume
Volume 16,367
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/244106/composite
Today's close

$
			27.60
		


$
				27.44
			
Change

-0.16
-0.58%





Day low
Day high
$27.03
$27.67










52 week low
52 week high

            $20.80
        

            $30.13
        

















			Company Description 


			Trinity Industries, Inc. engages in the provision of products and services to the energy, transportation, chemical, and construction sectors. It operates through the following segments: Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group, and Railcar Leasing and Manag...
		


                Trinity Industries, Inc. engages in the provision of products and services to the energy, transportation, chemical, and construction sectors. It operates through the following segments: Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group, and Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group. The Rail Group segment involves in manufacturing and selling railcars and related parts and components. The Construction Products Group segment includes manufacturing and selling highway products and other steel products for infrastructure related projects and produces and sells aggregates. The Inland Barge Group segment offers manufacturing and selling barges and related products for inland waterway services. The Energy Equipment Group segment comprises of manufacturing and selling products for energy related businesses, including structural wind towers, storage containers, tank heads for pressure and non-pressure vessels and utility, traffic, and lighting structures. The Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group segment owns and operates a fleet of railcars as well as provides third-party fleet management, maintenance, and leasing services. The company was founded in 1933 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
12.51


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
17.52


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
12.34


Price to Sales Ratio
0.90


Price to Book Ratio
1.08


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
3.78


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
6.44


Enterprise Value to Sales
1.62


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.45

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
260,403.00


Income Per Employee
18,967.00


Receivables Turnover
9.70


Total Asset Turnover
0.51

Liquidity

Current Ratio
2.77


Quick Ratio
1.82


Cash Ratio
1.14



Profitability

Gross Margin
24.68


Operating Margin
15.80


Pretax Margin
12.35


Net Margin
7.28


Return on Assets
3.71


Return on Equity
8.83


Return on Total Capital
4.83


Return on Invested Capital
4.92

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
78.00


Total Debt to Total Capital
43.82


Total Debt to Total Assets
33.50


Long-Term Debt to Equity
74.96


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
42.11





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Timothy R. Wallace 
62
1975
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. James E. Perry 
45
2004
Chief Financial Officer



Mr. Stephen W. Smith 
66
1976
Chief Technical Officer & Vice President



Ms. Melendy E. Lovett 
57
2012
Independent Director



Mr. W. Relle Howard 
-
2016
Vice President-Information Technology





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/05/2017

D. Stephen Menzies                            
Senior Vice President

27,742


 
Disposition at $26.11 per share.


724,343


05/23/2017

William A. McWhirter 
Senior Vice President

28,500


 
Disposition at $26.46 per share.


754,110


05/18/2017

Mary E. Henderson 
Vice President & CAO

10,000


 
Disposition at $26 per share.


260,000


05/16/2017

James E. Perry 
Senior Vice President & CFO

7,600


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


05/15/2017

Timothy R. Wallace 
Chairman, CEO & President; Director

87,992


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.17 per share.


2,390,742


05/15/2017

James E. Perry 
Senior Vice President & CFO

28,305


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.17 per share.


769,046


05/15/2017

D. Stephen Menzies                            
Senior Vice President

22,915


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.17 per share.


622,600


05/15/2017

S. Theis Rice 
Senior Vice President

11,290


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.17 per share.


306,749


05/15/2017

William A. McWhirter 
Senior Vice President

20,111


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.17 per share.


546,415


05/15/2017

Mary E. Henderson 
Vice President & CAO

3,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.17 per share.


95,095


05/15/2017

Melendy E. Lovett 
SVP & Chief Admin Officer

9,848


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.17 per share.


267,570


05/15/2017

William A. McWhirter 
Senior Vice President

7,031


 



0


05/15/2017

Timothy R. Wallace 
Chairman, CEO & President; Director

210,292


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/15/2017

James E. Perry 
Senior Vice President & CFO

56,076


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/15/2017

D. Stephen Menzies                            
Senior Vice President

61,684


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/15/2017

S. Theis Rice 
Senior Vice President

36,452


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/15/2017

William A. McWhirter 
Senior Vice President

56,076


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/15/2017

Mary E. Henderson 
Vice President & CAO

12,800


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/15/2017

Melendy E. Lovett 
SVP & Chief Admin Officer

23,440


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Timothy R. Wallace 
Chairman, CEO & President; Director

41,228


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

James E. Perry 
Senior Vice President & CFO

12,011


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

D. Stephen Menzies                            
Senior Vice President

12,935


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

S. Theis Rice 
Senior Vice President

6,237


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

William A. McWhirter 
Senior Vice President

10,625


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Mary E. Henderson 
Vice President & CAO

2,125


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

John L. Adams 
Director

4,805


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Melendy E. Lovett 
SVP & Chief Admin Officer

6,006


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Rhys J. Best 
Director

4,805


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

David Wayne Biegler 
Director

4,805


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Ronald J. Gafford 
Director

4,805


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Leldon E. Echols 
Director

4,805


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/04/2016

ValueAct Capital Management LP                            


156,505


 
Acquisition at $21.39 per share.


3,347,641


11/03/2016

ValueAct Capital Management LP                            


55,100


 
Acquisition at $21 per share.


1,157,100


11/03/2016

ValueAct Capital Management LP                            


50,000


 
Acquisition at $20.94 per share.


1,047,000


11/02/2016

ValueAct Capital Management LP                            


200,000


 
Acquisition at $21.1 per share.


4,220,000


08/11/2016

Mary E. Henderson 
Vice President & CAO

5,000


 
Disposition at $23.24 per share.


116,200








/news/latest/company/us/trn

      MarketWatch News on TRN
    




 Nasdaq nears the 6,050 technical target, S&P 500 nails next resistance
11:22 a.m. April 27, 2017
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 Why investors may see better returns this year by sticking to U.S. stocks
10:23 a.m. Feb. 19, 2016
 - Barbara Kollmeyer




 Trinity Industries gives weak outlook, shares fall
6:01 p.m. Feb. 18, 2016
 - MarketWatch.com




 Trinity Industries shares fall on weak outlook
5:30 p.m. Feb. 18, 2016
 - Wallace Witkowski




 Trinity Industries started at outperform with $32 stock price target at Cowen & Co.
8:20 a.m. Dec. 14, 2015
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Trinity Industries downgraded to market perform from outperform at Wells Fargo
7:59 a.m. Sept. 21, 2015
 - Tomi Kilgore




 10 high-margin industrial stocks with big potential
12:17 p.m. Aug. 18, 2015
 - Philip van Doorn




 10 stocks that can withstand a rocky 2015
1:31 p.m. Dec. 31, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 Boeing, AT&T reports due Wednesday; Yahoo up late
6:48 p.m. Oct. 21, 2014
 - Wallace Witkowski




 Trinity Industries whistleblower awarded $175 million in guardrail suit
12:53 a.m. Oct. 21, 2014
 - Katy Stech




 During times like these, cash is king
2:03 p.m. Oct. 2, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 Risk to reward is not favoring the long-only speculator
2:07 p.m. July 31, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 This is the stock-market sector you’re looking for
8:23 a.m. May 14, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 Playing defense in a market in transition
3:07 p.m. April 29, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 S&P, Dow fail tests of major resistance
11:07 a.m. April 25, 2014
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 The 10 most overbought stocks in the S&P 500 index
12:19 p.m. March 25, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 Are the prevailing technicals bullish, or bearish?
12:54 p.m. Jan. 17, 2014
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 Stocking stuffer stocks for 2014
11:51 a.m. Dec. 23, 2013
 - The Trading Deck




 S&P cracks the 1,700 mark, extends uptrend
12:12 p.m. Aug. 1, 2013
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 21 stocks to play the crude-by-rail trend
2:53 p.m. March 25, 2013
 - Claudia Assis


Loading more headlines...







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/trn

      Other News on TRN
    




 Top Analyst Upgrades & Downgrades: AK Steel, Boeing, Facebook, Newmont, Kinder Morgan, PayPal, State Street and More
7:57 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - 247WallSt.com





Trinity Industries: The Market's Showing Signs Of Recovery

4:43 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Trinity Industries (TRN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

2:55 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: TRINITY INDUSTRIES INC
12:42 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





 Why General Electric’s Transportation Revenue Fell in 2Q17 

11:04 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

5:35 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Transport Stocks' Q2 Earnings Due on Jul 25: JBLU, HA & More

9:45 a.m. July 24, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Will Trinity Industries (TRN) Disappoint in Q2 Earnings?

10:17 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Trinity Industries: Expecting Some Good, And Some Bad

3:37 p.m. July 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 TRN Option Alert: Aug 18 $30 Calls at the Ask: 1000 @ $0.5 vs 756 OI; Ref=$27.45
10:26 a.m. July 11, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 TRN Option Alert: Fri $28 Puts Sweep (87) at the Ask: 1715 @ $0.318 vs 12 OI; Ref=$27.67
9:10 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - benzinga.com





 Logistics and Air Travel Weekly: June 26–30, 2017 

7:18 a.m. July 5, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





How Investors Should Set Expectations After Greenbrier's 7.5 Percent Post-Earnings Drop

8:42 a.m. July 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





A Top Steel Analyst Highlights Acute Risk To Trinity Industries' 2018 Operating Margin

3:52 p.m. June 29, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 TRN Option Alert: Aug 4 $29 Calls at the Ask: 2005 @ $1.0 vs 16 OI; Ref=$28.3116
2:40 p.m. June 28, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 TRN Option Alert: Aug 18 $29 Calls Sweep (29) at the Bid: 501 @ $1.05 vs 56 OI; Ref=$28.24
1:46 p.m. June 28, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Transports Week In Review - Energy Prices And Amazon At The Forefront

9:00 p.m. June 24, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 TRN Option Alert: Aug 18 $24 Puts at the Ask: 1000 @ $0.7 vs 0 OI; Ref=$26.315
8:55 a.m. June 22, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 TRN Option Alert: Jul 21 $25.5 Calls Sweep (2) at the Ask: 800 @ $1.375 vs 0 OI; Ref=$26.17
2:57 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Transports Week In Review - Amazon Leads The Charge As Consolidation Gets Back In The Spotlight

3:06 a.m. June 17, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Trinity Industries, Inc.
2525 North Stemmons Freeway


Dallas, Texas 75207-2401




Phone
1 2146314420


Industry
Railroads


Sector
Transportation/Logistics


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$4.59B


Net Income
$334.20M


Employees

        17,620


Annual Report for TRN











/news/pressrelease/company/us/trn

      Press Releases on TRN
    




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results
4:15 p.m. July 25, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Daily Technical Summary Reports on Railroads Stocks -- Kansas City Southern, Norfolk Southern, Canadian National Railway, and Trinity Industries
6:25 a.m. July 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Date for Earnings Release
4:15 p.m. July 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Railcar Leasing Market in North America 2017-2021 - Key vendors are 
      GATX, Trinity Industries, CIT & American Railcar Industries - Research 
      and Markets
4:12 a.m. June 29, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Technical Reports on Railroads Equities -- Union Pacific, Trinity Industries, Canadian National Railway, and Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies
6:15 a.m. June 8, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Increases Quarterly Dividend
4:15 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
4:15 p.m. April 25, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Research Reports Initiation on Railroads Stocks -- Trinity Industries, Canadian National, Greenbrier, and Genesee & Wyoming
6:40 a.m. April 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Date for Earnings Release
4:15 p.m. April 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Railroads Stocks Under Scanner -- Norfolk Southern, Kansas City Southern, Trinity Industries, and Canadian National Railway
7:52 a.m. March 16, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend
7:45 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 
      Results
5:15 p.m. Feb. 16, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Blog Coverage Genesee & Wyoming Reinforces its South-Eastern Operations with the Heart of Georgia Railroad's Acquisition
9:18 a.m. Feb. 9, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Date for Earnings Release
5:16 p.m. Jan. 30, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 How These Services Stocks are Faring? -- Trinity Industries, Canadian National Railway, Copa, and LATAM Airlines
9:00 a.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Family Files Wrongful Death Suit Against Trinity Industries Claiming Failure of Guardrail System
7:02 p.m. Dec. 22, 2016
 - PRWeb




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend
5:57 p.m. Dec. 8, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Research Reports on Railroads Equities -- CSX Corp., Union Pacific, Trinity Industries, and Norfolk Southern
8:05 a.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results
4:15 p.m. Oct. 26, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Date for Earnings Release
4:15 p.m. Oct. 12, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




























































Trinity Products – Steel Pipe Manufacturer





































 





















 1-800-456-7473 Request a Quote
Apply Online


Twitter ProfileFacebook ProfileLinkedIn ProfileEmail Profile

























Submit













 





 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

Trinity Products 

NEW PRODUCT LINE 

 

An improved weldless interlock system 

MORE INFO 







Trinity Products 

OMEGA BEAMS 

New York Ferris Wheel Project 

Manufactured and supplied for temporary access trestle 

to Ferris Wheel Project in Staten, NY. 

For complete Omega Beam product line information 

Give Us A Call 







 

Industry-Leading 

Spiralweld Pipe Manufacturer 

Made in the U.S.A. 

Learn More 







 

Trinity Products 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

 







Road Bore Casing Pipe 

Dead 20s Stocked at All Times 

Custom Bevels Available 

Standard Sizes Stocked 

Quality ends every time. 

Give Us A Call 







 

Hot Rolled Sheet Piling 

Paired , Cut to Length 

With Holding Handles 

Hot Rolled Foreign Steel 

ASTM A572 Grade 60 

500 Ton In Stock 

Give Us A Call 

 



 







METAL THAT MATTERS
Helping America Stand Strong.
~ Trinity Products ~





Spiralweld Pipe
In our state of the art spiralweld steel pipe mill, you can be assured of the highest quality steel pipe manufactured to specifications required in your industry.





Custom Fabrication
Our 50,000 sq. ft. fabrication facility allows us to accommodate your custom project needs.





Customer Satisfaction
At Trinity Products, we work extremely hard to make sure our customers get the best service and products.


View Our Services 


TRINITY PRODUCTS NEWS
Keeping you informed.




N.Y. Businesses Choosing Foreign Over Domestic SteelApril 14, 2017Read Article: N.Y. businesses are robbing jobs from Americans by choosing foreign over domestic steel Cheap…Read More


ROLLING SCHEDULE / INVENTORY BLAST






Contact us about our monthly rolling schedule or available inventory.
If you know what you need, simply request a quote below.


Request a Quote View Our Project Portfolio Proud Members
AISC CertificationStandard for Steel Building Structures
View Certification Caltrans CertificationSteel Pipe Piling, Class N
View Certification SSPC-QP 3 CertificationShop Application of Protective Coatings
View Certification AWS Welding FabricatorsAWS BS.17 & QC17 Standard Certification
View Certification 










				Copyright Trinity Products, LLC. - All Rights Reserved			

  Home
Contact Us










 
About
Staff
Associations
Careers
Quality
Projects
Products
Contact
Request Quote







 
















Trinity Industries, Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Trinity Industries, Inc.


Trinity Industries, Inc.

2525 Stemmons Fwy 
Dallas TX 75207 United States
Phone: +1 214-___-____
Fax: +1 214-___-____
http://www.trin.net





151
Managers




100
IT employees




$280.3MEST.
IT Budget




Trinity Industries, Inc. is a multi-industry company comprising five business groups: Rail Group, Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, and the Energy Equipment Group. These company groups provide products and services to the industrial,… MoreTrinity Industries, Inc. is a multi-industry company comprising five business groups: Rail Group, Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, and the Energy Equipment Group. These company groups provide products and services to the industrial, energy, transportation, and construction sectors. Founded in 1933, Trinity is based in Dallas, Texas. The company's businesses include Trinity Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, Trinity Mining Services, Trinity Structural Towers, Inc., Trinity Heads, Inc., Trinity Logistics Group, Inc., McConway & Torley, LLC, Trinity Containers, LLC, Trinity Highway Products, LLC, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company.
Trinity Industries, Inc. is a multi-industry company comprising five business groups: Rail Group, Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, and the Energy Equipment Group. These company groups provide products and services to the industrial,… MoreTrinity Industries, Inc. is a multi-industry company comprising five business groups: Rail Group, Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, and the Energy Equipment Group. These company groups provide products and services to the industrial, energy, transportation, and construction sectors. Founded in 1933, Trinity is based in Dallas, Texas. The company's businesses include Trinity Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, Trinity Mining Services, Trinity Structural Towers, Inc., Trinity Heads, Inc., Trinity Logistics Group, Inc., McConway & Torley, LLC, Trinity Containers, LLC, Trinity Highway Products, LLC, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company.

IT Structure
•The IT department of Trinity Industries, Inc. is responsible for IT functions for the company and most of its subsidiaries.
•Other subsidiaries, mainly within the construction products group, outsource IT functions.
•Trinity has an outsourcing partnership with Dell Services. 

IT Intelligence Snippets
2013:
•Adopting ITIL v3 and deploying ITSM.
•Upgraded its Oracle financials software.

2012:
•Trinity Industries, Inc. plans to implement serial projects in different areas of the IT department.





Sector (Industry)
Industrials (Industrial Manufacturing and Machinery)


Employees
22030


Revenue
$6.4B


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-26
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Trinity Industries, Inc., Dallas, TX
Opportunity: Seeking a Cost Estimating Tech (GA, Cartersville, 30120).




2017-07-24
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Trinity Industries, Inc., Dallas, TX
Opportunity: Seeking a Senior Accountant (TN, Memphis, 38103).




2017-07-24
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Trinity Industries, Inc., Dallas, TX
Opportunity: Seeking a Cost Accountant (Dallas, TX, 75201).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
Serengeti

Business Intelligence
BradfordInformaticaMicrosoft SSASMS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)NoetixOracle BI PublisherOracle Business Intelligence Enterprise EditionOracle DiscovererQlik (Formerly known as QlikTech)SAP Crystal Reports

Data Modeling/Mining
Hyperion EssbaseInformatica PowerCenterMicrosoft SSISSASTalend
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Citrix NetScalerIBM HACMPVMware Vrealize

Desktop Virtualization
BomgarCitrix MetaFrame/PSCitrix XenAppDameWareWorkstation

End User Hardware
Domain ControllersWindows 7Windows XP
Data Storage

Data Backup
CA ARCserveSymantec Enterprise VaultSymantec NetBackup

Disaster Recovery
Recovery Point

Enterprise Storage
FlexPodIBM TotalStorageNetAppNetApp Storage SystemsOracle Recovery Manager
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
Microsoft Dynamics CRMSaleslogixSalesLogix (Infor)

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Infor Lawson ERPInfor LXMicrosoft DynamicsOracle EBSOracle JD EdwardsOracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOneSage ERP

Enterprise Systems Support
HP NeowareSAP Applications
Industry Software

Academic and Education Management Software

eDiscovery/Case Management

Financial Trading
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Engine Optimization
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )

Search Marketing
Media6Degrees
Analytics

Business Intelligence
QlikTechSAP Crystal ReportsTableau

Market Analytics

Marketing Data Management
ACTMicrosoft SQL Server
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management

Mobile Design
Telerik

Website Design
Adobe Creative SuiteAdobe IllustratorAdobe PhotoshopCascadeMicrosoft Active Directory Web ServicesMicrosoft Visio
eCommerce

Online Retailing
VMWare
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Forecasting and Planning

Marketing Portfolio Management

Marketing Strategy
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Kimberly Griffin
Director, Integration and Project Management
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____







David Akina
Director, Technology Solutions
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____






Tony Wasson
Senior Manager, Information Security, IT Compliance and eDiscovery
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____






David Hill
IT Security Analyst
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____







Kirk Glasgow
IT Security Analyst
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____









Darren Masengill
Senior Manager, IT Service
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____







Sean Darrell
Senior Manager, IT Finance, Vendor Management and Procurement
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____









Dani Cook
Vice President, IT Business Services
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____






Victoria Bell
Senior Manager, Business Performance Support
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____






Pedtra Flournoy
Quality Systems Engineer
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____









Kevin Chiles
Manager, Business Systems
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____







Daewon Pak
Director, Applications Portfolio
___@trin.net
+1 214-___-____





This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing






Trinity Industries - Trinity Businesses - Inland Barge Group









 
 


 













About Us


Trinity's Businesses


Investor Relations


Jobs



Contact Us




Home













 



 


								    Trinity’s Inland Barge Group consists of Trinity Marine Products, Inc. (TMP) and several proprietary product lines.
                                
                                
                                TMP is a leading U.S. manufacturer of barges that transport dry and liquid cargoes on inland waterways. TMP manufactures tank barges that carry petroleum and other refined products, chemicals, fertilizer, ethanol, and other liquid cargoes.
                                TMP also manufactures dry cargo barges, including deck and hopper barges that transport a variety of products, such as grain, coal, and aggregates.
                                

								TMP is a leading U.S. manufacturer of fiberglass hopper barge covers, used primarily on grain barges.
                                Using the brand name Nabrico®, TMP provides a full line of deck hardware to the marine industry, including hatches, castings, and winches for towboats and dock facilities.
                                 



 
 
 










   








Energy Absorption Systems, Inc.
McConway & Torley, LLC
Trinity Containers, LLC
Trinity Heads, Inc.
Trinity Highway Products, LLC
Trinity Logistics Group, Inc.
Trinity Metals Laboratory
Trinity Industries de Mexico
Trinity Rail Group, LLC
Trinity Structural Towers, Inc.
Trinity Utility Structures, LLC
Trinity Marine Products, Inc.
Trinity Meyer Utility Structures, LLC
Alloy Custom Products, LLC
Platinum Energy Services, ULC
Trinity Cryogenics, LLC














