



    TRIN Historical Stock Quotes - Trinity Capital Corp. Historical Stock Quotes - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Trinity Capital Corp.

                  OTC: TRIN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Trinity Capital Corp.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min



TRIN

/quotes/zigman/90942641/delayed


$
0.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume n/a
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/90942641/delayed
Previous close

$



$
				0.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        















Enter Date:



Historical quote for: TRIN

No data for TRIN on Thursday, July 28, 2016
















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15









































































SEC.gov | SEC Charges Trinity Capital Corporation and Former Bank Executives With Accounting Fraud


















      Skip to main content
    









 Search SEC.gov     

Company Filings | More Search Options










U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission









Show — Main navigation
Hide — Main navigation


About


What We Do


Commissioners


Securities Laws


SEC Docket


Reports and Publications


Careers


Contact




Divisions


Corporation Finance


Enforcement


Investment Management


Economic and Risk Analysis


Trading and Markets


National Exam Program


All Divisions and Offices




Enforcement


Litigation Releases


Administrative Proceedings


Opinions and Adjudicatory Orders


Accounting and Auditing


Trading Suspensions


How Investigations Work


Administrative Law Judges




Regulation


Rulemaking Index


Proposed Rules


Final Rules


Interim Final Temporary Rules


Other Orders and Notices


Self-Regulatory Organizations


Staff Interpretations




Education


Investor.gov


Check Out a Broker or Adviser


Investor Alerts and Bulletins


Fast Answers


File a Tip or Complaint


Publications




Filings


EDGAR Search Tools


Company Filing Search


How to Search EDGAR


Requesting Public Documents


Forms List


Information for Filers


About EDGAR




News


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony


Spotlight Topics


What's New


Upcoming Events


Webcasts


SEC Videos


Media Gallery






















U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


Divisions


Enforcement


Regulation


Education


Filings


Newsroom




Newsroom


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speehes


Testimony




RSS Feeds


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony




Social Media


@SEC_News


SEC Channel


SEC Photostream









Search SEC.gov



 



Company Filings | More Search Options














          Press Release
        










































SEC Charges Trinity Capital Corporation and Former Bank Executives With Accounting Fraud
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
          2015-215
        

          Washington D.C.,           Sept. 28, 2015—
        

	The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that Trinity Capital Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Los Alamos National Bank, have agreed to pay $1.5 million to settle accounting fraud charges.

	An SEC investigation found that Trinity materially misstated its provision for loan losses and its allowance for loan and lease losses in its quarterly and annual filings with the Commission during 2010, 2011, and the first two quarters of 2012.  Specifically, Trinity understated its reported 2011 net loss available to common shareholders by $30.5 million, reporting income of $4.9 million instead of a $25.6 million loss.

	Five current or former executives also are charged in the case that involves fraudulent manipulation of the company’s financial results and failure to implement sufficient internal accounting controls over loan accounting.

	As alleged in the SEC’s complaint, the fraud was directed by Trinity’s former Chief Executive Officer William Enloe, former Chief Credit Officer Jill Cook, and former Senior Lending Officer Mark Pierce.  The complaint also alleges that former Chief Financial Officer Daniel Bartholomew and the Vice President of Internal Audit Karl Hjelvik failed to implement sufficient internal accounting controls and failed to ensure the bank’s books and records were reasonably accurate.  The alleged fraud was motivated, at least in part, by the bank’s desire to be released from a formal supervisory agreement between the bank and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the bank’s primary regulator.

	Trinity, Enloe, Bartholomew, and Hjelvik agreed to settle the SEC’s charges, while the litigation continues against Cook and Pierce.

	"Trinity was facing dire financial straits but rather than accurately report its losses, we allege that the firm's executives grossly misreported its income to shareholders and regulators,” said Andrew J. Ceresney, director of the SEC’s Division of Enforcement. "We will hold senior executives liable when they misstate the company's performance and fail to come clean with shareholders."

	According to the SEC’s complaint filed in federal court in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and the settled administrative proceedings:


		Enloe, Cook, and Pierce directed Trinity’s loan department to engage in a variety of conduct that kept the bank from properly recording losses on its financial statements, such as not downgrading loans that were delinquent and making delinquent loans appear to be paying on time; not identifying loans for which the bank was not going to be paid in full; and not properly measuring individual loans for impairment.

		Enloe, Cook, and Pierce extended credit to troubled borrowers that was used to make required payments on existing debt, which would result in the borrower appearing current on loan payments when, in fact, the bank was not actually making any collections from the borrower.

		Enloe, Cook, and Pierce failed to identify loans where it was probable that the bank would be unable to collect all amounts due under the loan agreement.  In some instances, documents were intentionally drafted to avoid triggering a review of the transactions as troubled loans.

		Enloe, Cook, and Pierce knew that collateral was worth significantly less – sometimes millions of dollars less – than the amounts used in impairment measurements, yet they did nothing to correct the inaccuracies.

		Enloe and Cook instructed employees to reject and not use appraisals that indicated lower values on the bank’s collateral and other properties.

		Pierce drafted and reviewed loan memoranda that were false and misleading and, together with Enloe and Cook, permitted them to be presented to outside auditors and others when they knew, or were reckless in not knowing, that the information hid the troubled nature of various loans.

		Bartholomew and Hjelvik knew or should have known that certain impairment measurements were not correct and that some appraisal valuations were significantly overstated.  In addition, neither of them took action to implement adequate internal accounting controls.

		As a result of this and other conduct, Trinity failed to downgrade loans on a timely basis; identify individually impaired loans; and measure impairments properly and take appropriate losses on real estate owned by the bank.


	Trinity and Enloe consented to an order to cease and desist from violating the antifraud, reporting, books and records, and internal controls provisions of the federal securities laws.  Without admitting or denying the SEC’s findings, Trinity agreed to provide ongoing cooperation and to pay a $1.5 million penalty, which takes into account the company’s significant remedial measures and cooperation during the investigation.  Enloe agreed to pay a $250,000 penalty and also agreed to be barred from serving as an officer or director at a public company for five years.  Bartholomew and Hjelvik consented to charges of books and records, reporting, and internal control violations, and entered into cooperation agreements with the SEC to assist in the litigation against Cook and Pierce.

	The SEC’s complaint filed against Cook and Pierce alleges they violated or aided and abetted violations of the antifraud, lying-to-auditors, books and records, internal accounting controls, and reporting provisions of the federal securities laws.  The SEC is seeking injunctions, civil penalties, and officer and director bars.  

	The SEC’s investigation was conducted by Matthew L. Skidmore, Michael F. D’Angelo, and Mary S. Brady, and was supervised by Thomas J. Krysa.  The SEC’s litigation will be led by Polly A. Atkinson and Gregory Kasper.

###





Related Materials

SEC complaint
SEC order-Bartholomew & Hjelvik
SEC order-Enloe
SEC order-Trinity














STAY CONNECTED
1 Twitter 2 Facebook 3RSS 4YouTube
5 Flickr  6LinkedIn 7 Pinterest 8 Email Updates 



































































Trinity Capital Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:58 PM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Trinity Capital Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Trinity Capital Corporation operates as the bank holding company for Los Alamos National Bank that provides various banking products and services to individuals, businesses, and government organizations. It offers various deposit products, including checking accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal accounts, money market deposit accounts, savings accounts, and non-public certificates of deposit, as well as individual retirement accounts. The company also provides loan products comprising commercial real estate loans; residential real estate loans; construction loans; commercial loans that include lines of credit for working capital and operational purposes, and term loans for the acquisition...
Trinity Capital Corporation operates as the bank holding company for Los Alamos National Bank that provides various banking products and services to individuals, businesses, and government organizations. It offers various deposit products, including checking accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal accounts, money market deposit accounts, savings accounts, and non-public certificates of deposit, as well as individual retirement accounts. The company also provides loan products comprising commercial real estate loans; residential real estate loans; construction loans; commercial loans that include lines of credit for working capital and operational purposes, and term loans for the acquisition of equipment and other purposes; and consumer loans, such as motor vehicle, home improvement, and signature loans, as well as small personal credit lines and credit cards. In addition, it offers mortgage loan servicing, trust and investment, international, and online banking services, as well as safe deposit boxes. The company has operations in Los Alamos, White Rock, Santa Fe, and Albuquerque, New Mexico. It also operates 22 automatic teller machines in northern New Mexico. The company was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Los Alamos, New Mexico.
Detailed Description


1200 Trinity DriveLos Alamos, NM 87544United StatesFounded in 1963277 Employees



Phone: 505-662-5171

Fax: 505-662-0329

www.lanb.com







Key Executives for Trinity Capital Corp.




Mr. John S. Gulas J.D.


      	CEO, President & Director
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Thomas G. Dolan


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Yin Y. Ho


      	Chief Information Officer
      


Age: 65
        







Dr. Arthur B. Montoya Jr., DDS


      	Secretary & Director
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Roger Guertin


      	Vice President and Corporate Controller
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Trinity Capital Corp. Key Developments

Trinity Capital Corporation Appoints Thomas Dolan as Chief Financial Officer
Jul 5 17
On June 29, 2017, Trinity Capital Corporation received a notice of non-objection from the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City to appoint Thomas Dolan as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Dolan has assumed this position, effective immediately. Mr. Dolan, age 57, joined the Company's wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Los Alamos National Bank, in April 2017 as its Senior Financial Officer and was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Bank on June 19, 2017. Prior to joining LANB, Mr. Dolan was most recently employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Anchor Bank based in Madison, Wisconsin, and its successor, Old National Bank, until September 30, 2016. Prior to serving in that capacity, Mr. Dolan served as Chief Financial Officer of Anchor Bank.


Trinity Capital Corp. Approves to Amend Articles of Incorporation
Jun 30 17
Trinity Capital Corp. announced that at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 27, 2017, approved to amend the Articles of Incorporation
to remove from Article ELEVENTH the procedural provisions for stockholder proposals, such provisions being otherwise provided for in the Company's Amended and Restated Bylaws and to delete Article TWELFTH related to special meetings of the stockholders, such Article being otherwise provided for in the Company's Amended and Restated Bylaws to provide for non-substantive revisions consistent with current corporate laws.


Trinity Capital Corporation Announces Demise of Jerry P. Kindsfather, Director
Jun 15 17
Trinity Capital Corporation announced that Director Jerry P. Kindsfather passed away on June 13, 2017. Mr. Kindsfather served as a director of the company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Los Alamos National Bank, since 1984, and served as the Chairman of the Board from June 2012 to May 2017, as well as from 2000 to 2004. At the time of his passing, Mr. Kindsfather was a member of the board of directors' compensation committee and Chairman of the board of directors' executive committee.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1854 Bancorp United States 1889 Bancorp MHC United States 1st Financial Bank USA United States 1st Manatee Bank United States 1st National Bank United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 8, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Trinity Capital Corp., please visit www.lanb.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























TRINITY CAPITAL CORP San Francisco CA, 94111 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Nondepository Credit Institutions
Trinity Capital Corp
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Trinity Capital Corp



475 Sansome St

San Francisco,
							
							
							 CA
							
							
							 94111-3103
							
							 |  view map


(415) 391-7900

www.trinitycapital.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

TRINITY CAPITAL CORP is in the Miscellaneous Business Credit Institutions industry in San Francisco, CA.  This company currently has approximately 50 to 100 employees  and  annual sales of $10,000,000 to $24,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Headquarters
					

Industry:
						Miscellaneous Business Credit Institutions
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2002
					

Sales Range:
						$10,000,000 to $24,999,999
					

Employees:
						50 to 100


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


Trinity Capital acquires industrial buildings for $12.2 million The Charlotte Business Journal




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Ideal Construction CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Coats Electric CO Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Walbro


RAM Enterprises Inc


Hammer & CO


Barnes & Noble








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
✪


								4.8
							


							( Based on
							
							4
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								4
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Trinity Capital Corp
Rate Trinity Capital Corp on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Trinity Capital Corp
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VUDEN INC
VOLTAIRE
VOGUE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

CONTORNO INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
GOODY 2 SHOES
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
ADVENT I LLC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
PANALPINA INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
AZURADISC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Trinity Capital Corp.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:58 PM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Trinity Capital Corp.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Trinity Capital Corp.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeJohn S. Gulas J.D.9 RelationshipsCEO, President & Director58Thomas G. Dolan  No RelationshipsChief Financial Officer57
Trinity Capital Corp. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeJames E. Goodwin Jr. 9 RelationshipsTrinity Capital Corp.69John S. Gulas J.D. 9 RelationshipsTrinity Capital Corp.58Arthur B. Montoya Jr., DDS 9 RelationshipsTrinity Capital Corp.53Robert P. Worcester   9 RelationshipsTrinity Capital Corp.70Jeffrey F. Howell   9 RelationshipsTrinity Capital Corp.65View All Board Members
Trinity Capital Corp. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersAudit Committee Jr.James E. Goodwin9 Relationships5 ExecutivesCompensation Committee  Robert P. Worcester9 Relationships6 ExecutivesNominating Committee Jr., DDSArthur B. Montoya9 Relationships4 ExecutivesCorporate Governance Committee Jr., DDSArthur B. Montoya9 Relationships4 ExecutivesView Committee Details
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary$394.8K  394.8K481.9KBonus$84.6K  84.6K179.4KTotal Short Term Compensation  Not meaningfulTotal Value of Options$479.5K  479.5K3.7MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016 Trinity Capital Corp. CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESGreat Western Bancorp, Inc. Appoints Michael Gough Position of Executive Vice President and Chief Credit OfficerJuly 27, 2017 9:15 PM ETPacific City Financial Corporation Announces Executive ChangesJuly 27, 2017 9:13 PM ETJohn Terzian to Retire as Director from United Security Bancshares and United Security Bank, Effective from August 1, 2017July 27, 2017 8:29 PM ETJohn Terzian to Retire as Director from United Security Bancshares and United Security Bank, Effective from August 1, 2017July 27, 2017 8:29 PM ETFirst Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc. Announces Executive ChangesJuly 27, 2017 1:01 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Trinity Capital Corp., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























TRINITY INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL CORP. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    TRINITY INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL CORP.











Company number K95000
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 650125262
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 8/25/1995
        

Date Of Incorporation 6/12/1989
        

Principal Address
            2500 NORTH POWERLINE ROAD, #6A, POMPANO BEACH, FL, 33069
            


Mailing Address P.O. BOX 810488, BOCA RATON, FL, 33481
        
TRINITY INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL CORP. Principals

President
                Mcclain Douglas A
                 


Address
                10 ASPEN COURT, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33436
                 



Secretary, Treasurer
                Mcclain Debra A
                 


Address
                10 ASPEN COURT, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33436
                 







Last Annual Reports

1994 5/1/1994
            

1994 5/1/1994
            

1993 7/28/1993
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name MCCLAIN, DOUGLAS A. (c)
        

Agent Address
                10 ASPEN COURT, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33436
                

TRINITY INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL CORP. Events

2 REINSTATEMENT
            

filedDate 6/12/1992
            


1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 10/11/1991
            


3 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 8/25/1995
            

Description
TRINITY INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL CORP. has been set up 6/12/1989 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The TRINITY INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL CORP. principal adress is 2500 NORTH POWERLINE ROAD, #6A, POMPANO BEACH, FL, 33069. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to P.O. BOX 810488, BOCA RATON, FL, 33481. 
The company`s registered agent is MCCLAIN, DOUGLAS A. 10 ASPEN COURT, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33436.  
The company`s management are President - Mcclain Douglas A, Secretary, Treasurer - Mcclain Debra A. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 8/25/1995. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 5/1/1994.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
TRINITY INTERNATIONAL CHRISTIAN ASSEMBLY, INC.
TRINITY INTERNATIONAL EXPORT CORPORATION
TRINITY INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION, INC.
TRINITY INTERNATIONAL GOLF LLC
TRINITY INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.
TRINITY INTERNATIONAL HOMES LLC











Trinity Capital Investment Team | Your Trusted Venture Debt Partner             Venture DebtSolutionsPortfolioCompaniesExamplesAboutAbout UsOur TeamApproachNewsContactOur TeamBehind Trinity Capital Investment is an experienced, forward-thinking team with expertise across a wide range of industries. We know what it’s like to found a company, patent an idea, raise venture capital, scale a business, go public, pivot in strategy, and make the hard calls. We have walked in the shoes of our portfolio companies and we know what it takes to build successful businesses. We personally invest our time, experience and resources – in addition to our capital – to help our customers succeed time and time again. Steve Brown Founder and Managing Partner View BioSteve Brown is the founder and managing partner of Trinity Capital Investment, a leading provider of venture loans and equipment leases to emerging growth companies. A trusted industry veteran, Brown founded Trinity on the premise that it’s not how you act on your best day but how you react on your worst day that defines a relationship or partnership. This philosophy is deeply embedded in the firm’s approach, and leverages Trinity’s financial, technical, and operational expertise.Brown’s 30 years of experience in venture equity and venture debt is apparent in his ability to adeptly manage sales and strategic business operations working with early-stage companies. He served as general partner at Point Financial Capital Partners, a venture leasing fund and held a prior role as the president and CFO of InvestLinc Financial Services, an early-stage private equity fund and consulting firm. He has also worked as a partner at Cornerstone Equity Partners, a private equity fund.Brown has a B.S. in business administration and marketing from McNeese State University and is a current Small Business Investor Alliance – Western Regional Committee member. Growing up in Baton Rouge, Louisiana left a lasting impression on Brown. He is an avid LSU fan and loves a good bowl of spicy gumbo on a cold day. Alex Erhart Managing Partner View BioAlex Erhart serves as the managing partner at Trinity Capital Investment. With more than 30 years of high-tech experience, he has over 50 patents and has been the founder and CEO of two successful venture-backed startups. Erhart is an exceptionally experienced leader and coach who offers Trinity’s portfolio companies hard-won technical and organizational insights. He specializes in guiding companies that are navigating through strategic growth opportunities.At Trinity, Erhart manages the firm’s portfolio and business operations. He is renowned for his diligence, knowledge of developing scientific systems and processes and ability to foresee potential challenges for the portfolio companies. He works closely with the entire Trinity team and customers to ensure the portfolio is positioned for growth.Prior to joining Trinity, he served as executive vice president of engineering and operations at Sand9, a MEMS timing manufacturer. He was a founder and early CEO of biometric fingerprint sensor manufacturer, Validity, which sold for $265 million to Synaptics in 2013. He also was the founder and CEO of Vivid Semiconductor, an LCD display technology startup that was purchased by National Semiconductor in 2000.Erhart has an electrical engineering degree from Arizona State University and has authored ten technical presentations. He has served on the board of directors for three corporations and has been active in local charitable organizations. He is an astute wine collector and enjoys spending time with his family. Hal Hayden Partner View BioHal Hayden is constantly inspired by the crossroads of technology and finance. He is a Trinity Capital Investment partner and the founding CEO and managing partner of Agility Ventures. During his 30-year career of lending and leasing to emerging growth technology companies, Hayden has gained invaluable experience working with companies across all stages in a wide variety of industries. Along with partners Steve Brown and Alex Erhart, they designed Trinity to understand the obstacles facing early-stage companies and help clients navigate through them to achieve their plans.A natural entrepreneur, Hayden built his industry knowledge while serving as the vice president of the software finance division at First Sierra Financial. He founded Heritage Software Finance, which was purchased by First Sierra Financial in 1997. Prior to starting Heritage, he founded Priority Leasing Corporation, a technology leasing company which was purchased by private investors in 1995. Hayden began his career as a regional account manager for IBM’s General Systems Division.Hayden holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Arizona and is a current board member of Lighthawk, a non-profit organization. He has also served on the board of directors for the United Association of Equipment Leasing. With a passion for the great outdoors, travel and aviation, he is a commercial instrument-rated pilot and enjoys flying for both business and personal travel. David Erhart Partner View BioDavid Erhart is a partner at Trinity Capital Investment. Erhart manages the firm’s strategic marketing, marketing communications, and marketing research activities and is responsible for positioning the firm’s growth strategy and generating demand for Trinity’s products and services. Erhart brings a wealth of experience in strategic marketing, sales, product management, brand management, and marketing communications to his role. Previously at Trinity, Erhart served as the company’s director of marketing and business development.For more than six years Erhart wore many hats at First Solar while managing global marketing and communications. He was responsible for supporting the expansion into existing and emerging solar markets and repositioning First Solar as an energy company. His early roles with the company included marketing communications manager of products and services and communications specialist. Erhart also worked as an account coordinator for RIESTER, one of the largest independent advertising and PR firms in the Western United States.Erhart serves on the board of directors for a non-profit organization in Chandler, Arizona and holds a B.S. in marketing from Arizona State University’s W. P. Carey School of Business. He has delivered presentations at international trade shows and conferences and chaired numerous conference sessions. An accomplished runner and proud ASU graduate, Erhart participates in Pat’s Run and has placed in the top 20. Kyle Brown Partner View BioKyle Brown is a Trinity Capital Investment partner and is responsible for managing sales activities for Trinity Capital Investment in order to achieve the firm’s deployment goals. Brown manages relationships with potential customers as well as with strategic partners including venture capital firms and technology bank lenders. Under his leadership, Trinity continues to expand the firm’s portfolio and strategic relationships, a testament to his extensive experience in sales, startups and fund management.Brown has been an entrepreneur since he was 19, running small businesses and startup companies. He joined Trinity in 2015, following the sale of Brown Equity, an Arizona-based real estate financial investment firm he founded and operated. Before starting his own firm, he co-founded and managed Sharp Equity Homes, a full-service, web-based multiple listing service for trustee sale auctions in Arizona and California. Kyle has founded or co-founded three additional startups over the course of his career and enjoys the process of building high performing teams and enabling them to deliver exceptional results.Brown serves as an advisory board member for both the One Institute and the Camelback Society, a non-profit organization working to improve the community. Although he currently resides in Phoenix, Brown can often be found surfing Manhattan Beach, California. Tim Vatuone Managing Director View BioTim Vatuone is a managing director at Trinity Capital Investment with responsibility in portfolio management and financial accounting. Vatuone is a technology industry veteran with more than three decades of technology and financial experience. He has raised over $180 million of equity and debt financing and is very familiar with the challenges facing emerging growth companies.Prior to joining Trinity, he founded Vertex Consulting where he supported a wide variety of high-tech clients in the biotech, software and renewable energy sectors. Throughout his career, Vatuone has served as CFO for companies including Advent Solar, Validity Sensors, Inc., Syntellect Inc., Vivid Semiconductor, and Capetronic International Holdings, Ltd.Vatuone holds a B.S. degree in economics and an MBA degree from the University of Santa Clara and has taught finance, entrepreneurship and business courses at Central New Mexico Community College. Vatuone played college baseball and is still a big fan of what he calls “the world’s greatest game.” Vibhor Garg Director View BioVibhor Garg is a director at Trinity Capital Investment, where he is responsible for evaluating new opportunities, managing the due diligence process, and supporting a wide variety of marketing and finance activities. His work is critical to the Trinity team and leverages his expertise in data modeling, research, and statistics.Prior to joining Trinity, Garg co-founded Bharat Health Organization, a web-based technology platform that connects patients and corporate clients to an exclusive network of healthcare organizations, solutions and services in India. Previously, Garg served as programmer and analyst for Cognizant Technology Solutions.Garg holds an MBA in Global Management from the Thunderbird School of Global Management and a B.S. in electronics engineering from VIT University. While enrolled at VIT, he published a technical paper in the International Journal of Computer Applications. He recently discovered the joy of cooking and enjoys experimenting in the kitchen. Gerry Harder Managing Director, Portfolio View BioGerry Harder is the managing director of Trinity Capital Investment’s portfolio and is responsible for analyzing investment opportunities and collaborating on the firm’s investment strategy, objectives, asset allocation and balancing risk against performance.Harder is an accomplished technology professional with a proven ability to manage organizations and product development at early-stage companies. As the executive vice president of engineering and operations for Sand9, Harder worked to design, develop and produce groundbreaking piezoelectric MEMs based timing devices for mobile, IoT, and communications infrastructure markets. He has served in many technology leadership roles including director of operations for Cirrus Logic, vice president of engineering for White Electronic Designs, and technical leadership roles with ON Semiconductor, National Semiconductor, Vivid Semiconductor, Medtronic and Motorola. His experience with a broad range of technologies and end-user applications is incredibly valuable to companies in the Trinity portfolio.Harder holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and a M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Arizona State University. Richard Nelson Managing Director, Due Diligence View BioRichard Nelson manages the due diligence process for Trinity Capital Investment. In this role, he is instrumental in screening, analyzing and executing investment activities, providing modelling and analysis for a wide variety of investment decisions, and making recommendations on investment opportunities. Nelson has extensive experience working with startup companies in project management, process engineering and quality engineering. He leverages this expertise to evaluate investment opportunities including the underlying technologies and go-to-market strategies of our potential customers.Prior to joining Trinity, Nelson served as the MEMs oscillators and resonators principal product engineer at Sand9 where he was responsible for establishing production manufacturing for MEMs product lines and developing process control structures for MEMs technology. Prior to Sand9, Nelson was the biometrics principal product engineer with Validity Sensors with responsibility for architectural definition of new products in biometric products. Nelson has an established track record of bringing semiconductor products to market, working with National Semiconductor, Vivid Semiconductor and Medtronic.Nelson holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology. He holds issued and published applications of 13 patents and enjoys hunting and fishing in his spare time. Jason Hamlin Senior Controller View BioJason Hamlin is the senior controller for Trinity Capital Investment and is responsible for the firm’s financial management, controls and financial reporting. He serves on the investment committee at Trinity and manages accounting activities. Hamlin brings over 17+ years of experience in investment fund management, back office, finance and accounting and is responsible for day-to-day financial operations at Trinity. He frequently works with client financial teams to review investments and identify potential risks.During his career, Hamlin has served as vice president of capital markets at Cavan Commercial. Before Cavan Commercial, Hamlin was the senior vice president of finance for Majestic Capital, a hedge fund management company where he was responsible for managing investor relations, accounting and tax for numerous corporate entities. Hamlin served as chief financial officer for Life Rebuilders and Lakeside Capital Management prior to joining Majestic Capital.Hamlin has a B.S. from Arizona State University and an MBA degree from the Thunderbird School of Global Management with an emphasis on capital markets. In addition to being actively involved with the Young Life organization, he is a gifted woodworker and knows his way around a ski slope. Jay Taylor Vice President, Finance View BioJay Taylor is the vice president of finance for Trinity Capital Investments, with responsibility for external financial and management reporting, corporate accounting, corporate internal controls, risk management, and support of the corporate financial planning and analysis functions. In his role, Taylor demonstrates his more than 12 years of experience working in the financial industry. Jay previously served as Trinity’s director of finance.Before Trinity, Jay served as senior consultant in the FTI Consulting Corporate Finance/Restructuring practice. His previous roles also include working as a financial consultant for Veriti Consulting where he engaged in a variety of valuation and forensic analysis projects. From 2001 to 2009, he served in a variety of financial analyst and managerial roles at companies such as Triple Point Capital, Deloitte & Touche, PricewaterhouseCoopers, and Ernst & Young.Taylor is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and holds a Master of Accounting degree from the University of Southern California, and a B.A. from Brigham Young University. In his free time, he enjoys mountain biking in the great outdoors. Jonathan Cheung Director, Due Diligence View BioJonathan Cheung serves as director of due diligence for Trinity Capital Investment and is responsible for analyzing incoming investment opportunities and providing recommendations to the Investment Committee.Cheung began his career in the Apple Finance Development Program, where he rotated through several Apple business units to provide regional and global support to Apple’s finance teams. During his tenure at Apple, Cheung worked in Japan, Australia, and the US on a variety of international projects encompassing financial analysis, modeling, market growth strategy, business process re-engineering, and enterprise reporting. While pursuing his MBA, Cheung performed in-depth due diligence for Grayhawk Capital.Cheung has a B.A. in Economics and a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley. After working for Apple, Cheung received his MBA in strategic marketing and a M.S. in Business Analytics from Arizona State University’s W.P. Carey School of Business. Cheung is fluent in Mandarin Chinese and is an avid baseball fan. Rena Curtis Director, Legal View BioRena Curtis manages the documentation and closing process at Trinity Capital Investment . Curtis manages customer service for clients in the Trinity portfolio and brings her extensive experience in lending and leasing management, documentation and processing. Curtis demonstrates her extensive experience working with tech startups through her incredible attention to detail and exceptional ability to maintain order in a rapidly changing environment.Prior to joining Trinity, she served as the lease manager for Agility Ventures, a venture leasing firm. She has almost two decades of experience in the automotive industry and held various positions at American Honda Motor Corp.Curtis is the epitome of a Comic-Con fan, she enjoys the camaraderie of the Comic-Con community and possesses a special reverence for all things Star Wars. Crystal Voss Director, Portfolio View BioCrystal Voss manages the portfolio for Trinity Capital Investment. In her role, she performs financial analysis and manages a complex client portfolio for Trinity. Voss is responsible for portfolio maintenance activities and reports on the health of the fund’s current investments. Voss builds strong relationships with Trinity’s clients and monitors and analyzes the progress of companies in the firm’s portfolio, identifying challenges and opportunities for success.Voss has over 20 years of experience in the financial and banking industry. She served as the lead business analyst at American Express. Her experience also includes a long history of service at Wells Fargo bank with progressively more responsibility in each role. Over the course of two decades, her roles included operations manager, business system consultant and technology manager, with responsibility for posting over $300 million in daily customer transactions. Voss’ performance track record provided her with the opportunity to attend the Wells Fargo Leadership Development Program in 2004 and 2005.Voss holds a B.S. in Psychology from Arizona State University. Since childhood she has always had a flare for numbers, and enjoys solving problems by analyzing how things work. Steven Lambe Director, Portfolio View BioSteven Lambe rejoined Trinity Capital Investment as a director in the portfolio management department where he is responsible for reporting and analysis on the status of Trinity’s growing number of portfolio companies.Prior to joining Trinity, Lambe was a senior financial analyst at Sprouts Farmers Market where he was responsible for managing and improving a $4 billion sales forecast for over 260 stores. Prior to joining Sprouts, Lambe began his career at Trinity where he grew his responsibilities from financial modeling and analysis to managing and coordinating the due diligence and underwriting process.Lambe has a Master of Finance degree from the Hult International Business School where he studied private equity and financial modeling in London, England. He also has a B.S. in business administration and finance from the University of Arizona. Lambe enjoys spending time with his family and friends and staying active by snowboarding and exploring the outdoors. Trin Coleman Associate, Finance & Investor Relations View BioTrin Coleman joined Trinity Capital Investment in 2014 and serves as the company’s associate, Finance & Investor Relations, where she delivers support for finance, accounts payable, accounts receivable, marketing and investor relations.Prior to joining Trinity, she held a contracts administrative clerk position with IMC Sales & Marketing where she processed new home contracts and supported the documentation process. For more than 19 years, she has provided administrative assistance for companies in a wide range of industries including financial services, education, healthcare services and retail. Coleman has extensive experience in finance, accounting, purchasing, and contract management.Coleman holds an associate’s degree from Estrella Mountain Community College and is currently pursuing her Accounting Assistant Certification. She is an outdoor enthusiast and spends her downtime enjoying camping, hiking and fishing with her family. Jackie Elsworth Associate, Finance View BioJackie Elsworth works in the finance department at Trinity Capital Investment’s Prescott office where she manages office operations and coordinates accounts payable and receivable. Elsworth brings tremendous enthusiasm and experience in office management to her role. Prior to joining Trinity, Elsworth was an office manager in the disposal and recycling industry where she helped manage operations for a rapidly growing enterprise.Elsworth has a fondness for the great outdoors and enjoys the mountain lifestyle in Prescott. She is an active advocate for animal foster and rescue and has adopted six pets since her family relocated to Arizona.    If you are a growing venture capital-backed company and you are interested in learning more about venture debt financing, please contact us.       Phone: (480)374-5350 | Fax: (480) 247-5099 3075 West Ray Road, Suite 525, Chandler, AZ 85226 CONTACT US  Downloads © 2017 Trinity Capital Investment | All rights reserved.    

Trinity Capital Corporation                                                                                              - Los Alamos                                        , NM         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NM



Los Alamos



National Commercial Banks



National Commercial Banks



                            Trinity Capital Corporation
                                    



 





















T 


Trinity Capital Corporation                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1200 TRINITY DR LOS ALAMOS, NM 87544
Get Directions



(505) 662-5171
 





Business Info



 Founded 1975
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $59,675,000.00
 Employee Count 13
 Industries National Commercial Banks
 Contacts John S Gulas                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Trinity Capital Corporation                                                                                              was founded in 1975. Trinity Capital Corporation                                                                                              specializes in National Commercial Banks. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















ProAmpac buys Trinity Packaging Corp - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































ProAmpac buys Trinity Packaging Corp


April 10, 2017
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
ProAmpac buys Trinity Packaging Corp
ProAmpac, a portfolio company of Pritzker Group Private Capital, has acquired Trinity Packaging Corporation. Financial terms weren’t announced. Trinity, of Armonk, New York, is a flexible packaging company specializing in large format packaging for the lawn and garden, food and specialty industrial markets.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















ProAmpac, a portfolio company of Pritzker Group Private Capital, has acquired Trinity Packaging Corporation. Financial terms weren’t announced. Trinity, of Armonk, New York, is a flexible packaging company specializing in large format packaging for the lawn and garden, food and specialty industrial markets.
PRESS RELEASE
CINCINNATI, April 10, 2017 – ProAmpac today announced that is has acquired Trinity Packaging Corporation (Trinity), a leading flexible packaging company specializing in large format packaging for the lawn and garden, food and specialty industrial markets. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Trinity is headquartered in Armonk, New York with operations in Rocky Mount, Virginia and Buffalo, New York. ProAmpac is a leading global flexible packaging company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio operating primarily under the Prolamina, Ampac and Tulsack brands. ProAmpac is owned by Pritzker Group Private Capital along with management and co-investors. The combined company will have 22 manufacturing sites and 3,000 employees supplying more than 5,000 customers in 90 countries. ProAmpac and Trinity serve a wide variety of end markets including food, pet care, healthcare, lawn care, retail and secure packaging for the transport of cash and valuables.
Greg Tucker, chief executive officer of ProAmpac, said, “Trinity Packaging’s legacy spans 100 years. They are a team of industry veterans with a great reputation for quality and service. I am confident that ProAmpac’s innovation coupled with Trinity’s capabilities will cement our role as strategic partners to our customers and suppliers.” 





Trinity Packaging will retain its name and become a separate division within ProAmpac. John H. Freund, who is celebrating his 60th year with the company, will continue with the combined company as a member of the ProAmpac Board of Directors. Peter Freund, former president of Trinity stated, “The combination of ProAmpac’s management team coupled with the Pritzker Group’s reputation for long-term stewardship made them both ideal partners for the Trinity family.”
Michael Nelson, Pritzker Group investment partner, stated, “Pritzker Group acquired ProAmpac because of its great team and history of successful acquisitions. The acquisition of Trinity represents our continued commitment to investing behind exceptional management, innovative products and excellent service that make both ProAmpac and Trinity strong partners to their customers.”
About ProAmpac
ProAmpac is steadfast in its unwavering commitment to provide creative packaging solutions, industry-leading customer service and award-winning innovation to a diverse global marketplace. It is a diversified global packaging company with 2500 employees and 20 manufacturing centers in North America, Europe and Asia. For more information, visit proampac.com.
About Trinity Packaging Corporation 
Trinity Packaging Corporation, established in 1917, manufactures plastics products for a broad base of national customers within a variety of industries. Trinity has plant locations in Rocky Mount, VA and Buffalo, NY. To learn more, visit trinitypackaging.com. 





About Pritzker Group 
Pritzker Group, led by Tony and J.B. Pritzker, has three principal investment teams: Private Capital, which acquires and operates leading North America-based companies; Venture Capital, which provides early-stage and growth venture funding to technology companies throughout the United States; and Asset Management, which partners with top-performing investment managers across global public markets.
Pritzker Group Private Capital acquires North America-based middle-market companies with leading positions in the manufactured products, services and healthcare sectors. The firm’s permanent, proprietary capital base allows for efficient decision making, broad flexibility with transaction structure and investment horizon, and alignment with management teams focused on creating long-term value. Pritzker Group brings significant resources, expertise and credibility in building businesses and is an ideal partner for entrepreneur- and family-owned companies. For more information, visit pritzkergroup.com.
 
 

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
ProAmpac buys Trinity Packaging Corp
ProAmpac, a portfolio company of Pritzker Group Private Capital, has acquired Trinity Packaging Corporation. Financial terms weren’t announced. Trinity, of Armonk, New York, is a flexible packaging company specializing in large format packaging for the lawn and garden, food and specialty industrial markets.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

Blackstone acquires Clarion Events from Providence
by Iris Dorbian

 































Leasing News





























































 





 
    







  


   


























   


 



 
Trinity 
          Capital



 
Jerry 
          Newell: Bank of the West/Trinity Capital $180M R+ $900M Management



There 
          has been speculation for several days in Leasing News regarding
discussions 
          between Trinity Capital Corporation and Bank of the West.  
          I am
pleased to confirm the following: 

Bank 
          of the West and privately held equipment leasing company Trinity
Capital 
          Corporation have signed a letter of intent for an acquisition making
San 
          Francisco-based Trinity Capital a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of 
          the
West. 
          The parties are now negotiating a definitive agreement and expect to
finalize 
          this transaction within the next 30 days.  
          Both companies view this
combination 
          as highly desirable. 

This 
          transaction underscores Bank of the West's commitment to equipment
leasing 
          as a core product line.  Bank of the West has operated a nationwide
funding 
          business for equipment leasing brokers for 30 years and provides
direct 
          equipment leases to bank customers.  
          Bank of the West's equipment
lease 
          portfolio currently exceeds $400 million.  
          The Bank will continue to
strongly 
          support and grow its broker funding business which represents more
than 
          three-quarters of its portfolio. In particular, we want our lease
brokers 
          to know that Bank of the West values their business and will
continue 
          to protect brokers' interests in their transactions.  
          The addition
of 
          Trinity Capital will further expand the scope of the bank's equipment
leasing 
          product line, but is not intended to compete with the bank's
existing 
          leasing businesses.  Moreover, the market focus of Trinity Capital
is 
          sufficiently different from Bank of the West's broker funding business
that 
          we do not anticipate any overlap. 

Trinity 
          Capital will operate as a separate subsidiary of Bank of the West
and 
          owners Jim and Donna Halow will continue in their executive positions.
Trinity 
          Capital Corporation was launched 22 years ago by the Halows.
Specializing 
          in nationwide vendor leasing for several vertical market
niches, 
          Trinity has an owned lease portfolio of approximate $180 million in
receivables 
          and also operates an equipment lease servicing business with
nearly 
          $900 million in leases under management. 
 
About 
          Bank of the West
The 
          third-ranked commercial bank headquartered in California, San
rancisco-based 
          Bank of the West serves 1.5 million retail and commercial
customers 
          in six states, as well as through such national specialty business
lines 
          as equipment leasing, religious institution and SBA lending. With 300
branches 
          in California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Nevada and New Mexico,
$26 
          billion-asset Bank of the West is a subsidiary of BancWest Corporation,
a 
          unit of Paris-based BNP Paribas, France's largest listed bank.

Jerry 
          Newell, CLP
Senior 
          Vice President
Equipment 
          Leasing
Bank 
          of the West
jnewell@bankofthewest.com































































 

 


 



 Virus 

                          Info Center




















  
 

   


 www.leasingnews.org 



Leasing News, Inc. 346 Mathew Street,  Santa Clara, California 95050 



 Voice: 408-727-7477 Fax: 800-727-3851  kitmenkin@leasingnews.org






 







