






Trip Network Inc in Chicago, IL | 500 W Madison St, Ste 1000, Chicago, IL






< Back to previousTrip Network Inc(1){{slogan}}500 W Madison St, Ste 1000Chicago, IL 60661{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Trip.com is a free travel search site designed to help travelers like you find the cheapest flights, cheapest hotels, cheapest car rentals, and cheapest vacation packages across all of your favorite travel websites with one easy click. Search and Compare Hotel Sites. Fast to Find Hotel Savings!... Read more LessMessage from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeAddress InfoCitigroup Ctr... MoreCitigroup Ctr LessProducts & ServicesOrbitz Care Alerts: Provides travelers w/ automated Care Alerts (delays, weather, gate changes) to the electronic/wireless device of their choice., Wh... MoreOrbitz Care Alerts: Provides travelers w/ automated Care Alerts (delays, weather, gate changes) to the electronic/wireless device of their choice., Why Book Orbitz Vacation Packages? Savings: Package deals offer significant savings. Customize: More travelers now prefer to book air travel & hotel. LessSpecialtiesOpen 24 Hours... MoreOpen 24 Hours LessAdditional InformationOrbitz, leading online travel company, enables travelers to search over 400 airlines, over 65,000 lodging properties worldwide,13 car rental companies... MoreOrbitz, leading online travel company, enables travelers to search over 400 airlines, over 65,000 lodging properties worldwide,13 car rental companies LessCustomers ServedResidential, Commercial... MoreResidential, Commercial LessAreas ServedNationwide... MoreNationwide LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.




Trip Network, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:07 PM ET
Internet and Direct Marketing Retail

Company Overview of Trip Network, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Trip Network, Inc. sells discounted leisure travel products through its Website and mobile apps. It offers cheap flights, hotels, cruises, rental cars, vacation packages, and vacation rentals, as well as last-minute trips and event tickets. The company sells travel products in various destinations worldwide. It was formerly known as Travel Portal, Inc. The company was founded in 1986 and is based in Chicago, Illinois. Trip Network, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Orbitz Worldwide, Inc.


500 West Madison StreetSuite 1000Chicago, IL 60661United StatesFounded in 1986



Phone: 312-596-5786

www.cheaptickets.com







Key Executives for Trip Network, Inc.




Mr. Jacob Stepan


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Michael Simon


      	Senior Vice President of Business Development and Senior Vice President of Sales
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1-800 CONTACTS, Inc. United States 12Degrees Corp. United States 1A Auto, Inc. United States 1SaleADay L.L.C. United States 1stdibs.Com, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Trip Network, Inc., please visit www.cheaptickets.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













TRIP NETWORK INC Chicago IL, 60661 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Transportation Services
Trip Network Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Trip Network Inc



500 W Madison St, Ste 1000

Chicago,
							
							
							 IL
							
							
							 60661-2559
							
							 |  view map



www.citibank.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

TRIP NETWORK INC is in the Travel Agencies industry in Chicago, IL.  This company currently has approximately 500 to 1,000 employees  and  annual sales of $25,000,000 to $74,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Travel Agencies
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2002
					

Sales Range:
						$25,000,000 to $74,999,999
					

Employees:
						500 to 1,000


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

RAM Enterprises Inc


Hammer & CO


Barnes & Noble


Walbro


Ideal Construction CO


Montgomery Marine Repair


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Coats Electric CO Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Trip Network Inc
Rate Trip Network Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Trip Network Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOGUE
VUDEN INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLTAIRE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

GOODY 2 SHOES
ADVENT I LLC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL
CONTORNO INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
AZURADISC
PANALPINA INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Trip Network Inc 500 W Madison St Chicago, IL Travel Agents - MapQuest







































































































    Trip Network Inc
  

500 W Madison St

Chicago
IL
60661




 Reviews



(312) 596-5786
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Cendant Acquires Trip Network, Inc; Cheap Tickets to Become Primary Consumer Brand








































menuclose









Industry Update




Supplier News 3 April 2003Cendant Acquires Trip Network, Inc; Cheap Tickets to Become Primary Consumer Brand

NEW YORK, Cendant Corporation CD today announced that it has acquired the common stock of Trip Network, Inc. (TNI) from an independent business trust. Terms were not disclosed and the amounts were not material to Cendant. The acquisition is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's earnings. This transaction reflects Cendant's previously announced strategy to simplify its accounting through the acquisition of affiliated companies and to provide its investors with transparent financial information.

TNI is the fourth largest full service online travel agent behind Expedia, Travelocity and Orbitz. Trip Network was established in March 2001 and began operating and Trip.com in October 2001 through licensing agreements with Cendant following the Company's acquisitions of Cheap Tickets, Inc. and Galileo International, which owned Trip.com.

Effective immediately, Trip Network will become part of Cendant's Travel Distribution Services Division and operate as part of its Retail Travel Services business unit, which also operates Lodging.com and Cendant Travel, a call center-based travel agency with six customer centers in the United States. The addition of Trip Network's 170 employees, consisting primarily of technology and product development personnel based in Denver, will add capacity and thereby help to facilitate Cendant's future online penetration in key corporate and leisure markets around the world.
"We are delighted to welcome the Trip Network team to Cendant," said Sam E. Galeotos, president and chief executive officer of Galileo International and Cendant Travel Distribution Services. "Cendant has assembled an impressive portfolio of travel distribution assets. The addition of Trip Network's technology and its experienced team supports our efforts to grow our online business and strengthen Cendant's position as one of the world's leading providers of travel content and transaction processing services."
As part of the integration, Cendant will position Cheap Tickets as its primary consumer brand and phase out the Trip.com brand from the leisure travel market. However, the Company plans to maintain Cendant's collection of travel related Web sites under the Trip Network umbrella. Additionally, Trip.com's booking engine will remain as the backbone of the Company's third party, private label Web site strategy.
"Despite the progress Trip.com made in the last year, it is simply not feasible to continue operating two separate brands, especially in the current geopolitical environment," Galeotos said. "Clearly, Cheap Tickets is the stronger consumer brand. We believe we will be far more successful in putting Cendant's resources behind our new Cheap Tickets Web site considering the investment needed to elevate Trip.com to Cheap Tickets' brand recognition and performance level."
The Cheap Tickets Web site enjoys 80 percent awareness among surveyed online travelers and has a loyal value-minded customer base of more than 26 million registered users. In November 2002, Cheap Tickets released a new version of its Web site, built on the Trip Network platform and utilizing the Galileo global distribution system. Since that time, Cheap Tickets has been increasing visitor traffic, gross bookings and unique purchasers each month. As evidence of Cheap Tickets' continued growth, the site's monthly unique visitors were nearly six million in February 2003, up 123 percent year over year, which was nearly double the growth rate of its nearest competitor, according to comScore. Gross bookings and transactions for the same period outpaced visitor growth, up approximately 200 percent and 240 percent, respectively.
Statements made in this press release that are not historical in nature may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Cendant and its management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainty related to Cendant include factors specified in Cendant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002.
About Cendant Corporation - Cendant Corporation is primarily a provider of travel and residential real estate services. With approximately 90,000 employees, New York City-based Cendant provides these services to business and consumers in over 100 countries. More information about Cendant, its companies, brands and current SEC filings may be obtained by visiting the Company's Web site at www.cendant.com or by calling 877-4-INFOCD (877-446-3623).




More from Wyndham





Most Read


Today
Last 7 days
Last 30 days
































More







Newsletter

Subscribe to our daily newsletter


Submit your NewsAdvertising











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































