










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Trishield Capital Management Names Former Jefferies Senior Executive Robert L. Harteveldt to CEO Role | Business Wire


























































Trishield Capital Management Names Former Jefferies Senior Executive 
      Robert L. Harteveldt to CEO Role




      Co-Headed Investment Bank’s Global Fixed Income Department, Headed 
      Global Fixed Income Origination, Member of the Firm’s Executive Committee
    





April 22, 2013 12:44 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Trishield Capital Management LLC, an investment manager focused on 
      investments in distressed and special situations, today announced the 
      appointment of Robert L. Harteveldt as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. 
      Harteveldt joins Trishield from the global investment bank Jefferies 
      LLC, where he was Co-head of Global Fixed Income, Head of Fixed Income 
      Origination and was a member of the firm’s Executive Committee. Mr. 
      Harteveldt joined Jefferies in July 2008. Prior to his recent roles at 
      Jefferies, he ran the company’s Leveraged Finance Sales, Trading and 
      Capital Markets businesses.
    


      At Trishield, Mr. Harteveldt will be part of the investment team, 
      managing the firm and driving its growth objectives. Mr. Harteveldt has 
      over 25 years of experience in the distressed and high yield arena, 
      during which time he covered some of the biggest distressed and credit 
      hedge funds and investment managers and helped manage investments in 
      distressed and special situations.
    

      “I have known and worked with Rob for over 10 years. As I gave thought 
      to expanding the firm, I just couldn’t imagine anyone better suited for 
      this role than he,” said Jeff Buick, Trishield’s President, Founder and 
      Chief Investment Officer. “Rob’s extensive relationships and investment 
      acumen will be a solid addition to the Trishield team. Given that May 1, 
      2013 will be Trishield’s fifth anniversary, the time is right to focus 
      on expanding the firm.”
    

      Prior to joining Jefferies in 2008, Mr. Harteveldt spent approximately 
      24 years at Bear Stearns, rising to the role of Co-Head of the High 
      Yield and Distressed Department, serving as Head of Leveraged Finance 
      Sales with oversight for high yield bonds, leveraged loans and 
      distressed sales. He was also a member of the President’s Advisory 
      Council and the Fixed Income Management Committee. He spent the first 
      six years of his career at Bear Stearns in the company’s M&A and 
      Corporate Finance Departments.
    

      “I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Jefferies. It was very rewarding and 
      exciting to be part of such a dynamic firm and to help Jefferies expand 
      its platform and market share. It was an extraordinary place at which to 
      work, with an entrepreneurial culture and great partners,” Mr. 
      Harteveldt noted. “I’m thrilled to be joining Jeff and the Trishield 
      team. I have known Jeff for many years and recognize him as an 
      extraordinarily astute and talented investor who has performed well 
      through a variety of investment cycles. My significant experience in 
      leveraged finance, distressed and special situations should make a 
      positive contribution to Trishield’s continuing success. I am looking 
      forward to the opportunities ahead as the firm looks to take the next 
      step in its growth.”
    

      Mr. Harteveldt holds an A.B. in history from Dartmouth College.
    

About Trishield Capital Management


      Trishield Capital Management LLC is an investment manager specializing 
      in distressed, stressed, special situations and event-driven value 
      opportunities. Trishield Capital Management was founded by Jeff Buick in 
      2008.
    


Contacts

Media ContactWater & Wall GroupScott Sunshine, 
      212-699-3672ssunshine@waterandwallgroup.comorInvestor 
      ContactTrishield Capital ManagementEvan Houtrides, 
      646-867-1873evan.houtrides@trishieldcapital.com









Release Summary
Trishield Capital Management LLC, an investment manager focused on investments in distressed and special situations, today announced the appointment of Robert L. Harteveldt as CEO.






Contacts

Media ContactWater & Wall GroupScott Sunshine, 
      212-699-3672ssunshine@waterandwallgroup.comorInvestor 
      ContactTrishield Capital ManagementEvan Houtrides, 
      646-867-1873evan.houtrides@trishieldcapital.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Trishield Capital Management













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






TRISHIELD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC(CRD# 164150 / SEC# 802-108184)
Alternate Names:
                    





                                1133 BROADWAY, SUITE 1126, NEW YORK, NY 10010






                    Investment Adviser Firm
                












The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  


























Trishield Capital Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























trishield capital management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Trishield Capital Management LLC provides investment management services. The Company offers portfolio management, financial planning, and investment advisory services. Trishield Capital Management serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

540 Madison Avenue
14th Floor
New York, NY 10022
United States


Phone:
1-212-256-1402


Fax:
1-212-256-1490


Web url:
www.trishieldcapital.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Robert L Harteveldt


CEO/Managing Member




Michael Leibert


COO/Chief Compliance Officer




Jeff Buick


CIO/Managing Member







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Trishield Capital Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:08 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Trishield Capital Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



540 Madison Avenue14th FloorNew York, NY 10011United States



Phone: 212 256 1402

Fax: 212 256 1490

www.trishieldcapital.com







Key Executives for Trishield Capital Management LLC




Mr. Robert L. Harteveldt


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Jeff  Buick


      	Founder, President, and Chief Investment Officer 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Trishield Capital Management LLC, please visit www.trishieldcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























13F Portfolio: TRISHIELD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC












Stock Ideas

Hedge Fund Trade Spotlight
High Conviction IPO Stocks
Biotech Stocks that Hedge Funds are Buying
Top Undervalued Stock Picks
50 Stocks that Matter Most to Hedge Funds



Stocks

Validate Your Stock
Consensus Stock Picks


Real-Time Insights

Hedge Funds

Hedge Fund Portfolios
Hedge Fund Managers
Find Your Hedge Fund Match



HM Pro

Pro Stock Screener
Institutional Portfolios
Institutional Investors




Sign InSubscribe Now2-Weeks Free Trial




HedgeMind.com > 
    Institutional Portfolios > 
    TRISHIELD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC > 
    2017-03-31  





Find Institutional Investor
Institutional Investor Browse Institutional Investors

Time Period2017-03-312016-12-312016-09-302016-06-302016-03-312015-12-312015-09-302015-06-302015-03-31
ActivityAllNewIncreasedUnchangedDecreasedSold Out
Security TypeAllStockOptions (PUT, CALL)Fixed Income
Top Percentile?Use this filter to see holdings within a selected percentile portfolio.For example, click 10 to show only holdings in the top 10 percentile.100908070605040302010% Sectors?Use the pull down list to add one or more sectors to the space below and click Apply to filter out the holdings that belong to your selected sector(s).Apply Clear< select a sector >Basic IndustriesCapital GoodsConsumer DurablesConsumer Non-DurablesConsumer ServicesEnergyFinanceHealth CareMiscellaneousPublic UtilitiesTechnologyTransportationn/aunidentified Stock Style?Stock Style shows hedge fund manager's main investment focus in Value or Growth. It is determined based on analysis of portfolio holdings that are part of about 3000 US Stocks.ResetStyleMarket CapLargeValueMidBlendSmallGrowth000000000



TRISHIELD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC

Time Period2017-03-31

Total Holdings1

Total Value ($x1000)495


Activities
New0Increased0Unchanged0Decreased1Sold Out0 

Top  Stock Holdingstotal 100%

WMIH100 

-- hover over a symbol below for details --

SEC 13FFilingDetail


Sort:Portfolio Weight (%)Growth or ValuePosition ValueChange RateSectorA-ZGraphView 13D, 13G FilingsWMIH100%COM








© 2017 HedgeMind.com, LLC. All rights reserved
Site MapDisclaimerTermsPrivacyContact Us


