




















 



 Triton Stone of New Orleans Owners Acquires Triton Stone Group Brand 
         










    










 













 











 



















Triton Stone of New Orleans Owners Acquires Triton Stone Group Brand
        																																																		
              

          Corporate Headquarters for Leading Granite Wholesaler and Distributor Relocating to New Orleans
        
















 News provided by
Triton Stone Group  
Feb 01, 2017, 11:00 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A leading national wholesaler and distributor of granite and other natural stone products is now Louisiana owned. Today, Triton Stone Group of New Orleans – owned and operated by the Jensen Companies – announced the acquisition of Triton Stone Group Brand, effective immediately. Moving forward the company will be referred to as Triton Stone Group and its corporate headquarters will relocate to New Orleans. The announcement was made by Katie Jensen Peralta, president of Triton Stone Group. 








Following more than a $40 million investment, the newly acquired Triton Stone Group will continue the tradition set forth by Triton Stone Group of New Orleans, which was established in 2006, by operating as a women-owned business with the two Jensen sisters at the helm. Katie Jensen Peralta will serve as president and Rachel Jensen Jones will serve as vice-president.  
"We are so excited about the acquisition and future growth of Triton Stone Group. We started Triton Stone Group of New Orleans ten years ago and this city has given us so much to be thankful for," said Peralta. "As a family company with deep roots in New Orleans, we remain deeply invested in the future of both our employees and Triton Stone Group." 
Triton Stone Group will relocate its corporate headquarters from Southaven, MS to an existing New Orleans area office (located at 6131 River Road Harahan, LA 70123). Southaven will remain an operating Triton Stone Group location, so no workforce changes are anticipated because of the corporate headquarters transfer.   
Furthermore, Louisiana Economic Development (LED) committed a $100,000 performance-based Economic Development Award Program grant to offset part of the cost of a new value added distribution facility Triton Stone Group plans to build on Port of New Orleans property. The new 22,500 square foot facility is anticipated to break ground Spring 2017. As a result of LED's support, Triton Stone Group is projecting the creation of 12 permanent, full-time jobs ranging from corporate positions to managers to dock and warehouse workers. 
"This new chapter in the history of Triton Stone Group is a testament to Louisiana's strong business climate and unrivaled geographic resources," Gov. Edwards said. "This project merges several importing efforts to the Port of New Orleans, providing Triton Stone Group with strengthened logistics capabilities and creating great new job opportunities for our people. We congratulate Triton Stone Group on its continued growth. This new activity is representative of strong, Louisiana-grown entrepreneurship."
Triton Stone Group gained five new locations as a result of this acquisition – Southaven, MS; Little Rock, AR; Knoxville, TN; Huntsville, AL and Birmingham, AL. Additionally, it owns and operates nine locations across the Southeastern United States – New Orleans, LA; Baton Rouge, LA; San Antonio, TX; Austin, TX; Mobile, AL; Portsmouth, VA; Richmond, VA; Raleigh, NC and Charleston, SC. In total, Triton Stone Group employs 218 employees across 14 locations in nine states.
Triton Stone Group also has independently owned and operated licensees in the following seven cities – Dallas, TX; Nashville, TN; Atlanta, GA; Fort Myers, FL; Port Charlotte, FL; Fort Lauderdale, FL and Orlando, FL. 
A leading importer and distributor of granite and other natural stone products, Triton Stone Group was formed in 2004 and also sells many high-quality kitchen and bath products. For more information about Triton Stone Group, visit www.tritonstone.com or engage with Triton Stone Group on Instagram @tritonstonegroup.
Editor's note: High-res images of new Triton Stone Group leadership and its New Orleans, LA Distribution Center (6131 River Road Harahan, LA 70123) are available via Dropbox by clicking here.  
About Triton Stone Group  Formed in 2004, Triton Stone Group is a leading importer and distributor of granite and other natural stone products. Triton Stone Group provides the highest quality natural stone with a commitment to service and a customer's-first attitude. With 14 locations and seven independently owned and operated licensees across the Southeastern United States, Triton Stone Group has access to one of the largest stone slab inventories in the United States. 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/triton-stone-of-new-orleans-owners-acquires-triton-stone-group-brand-300400512.html
SOURCE Triton Stone Group
 Related Links

http://www.tritonstone.com



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Triton Stone of New Orleans Owners Acquires Triton Stone Group Brand


 News provided by
Triton Stone Group  
Feb 01, 2017, 11:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Triton Consolidated, Inc. Acquires Apple Fabrication Company













































































 Contact Us      


 

Member LoginRegister New Account 

My 24-7 Press Release Account
Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers





 


 







 All Press Releases for July 12, 2016 » 
 Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed 



Triton Consolidated, Inc. Acquires Apple Fabrication Company
Increasing manufacturing capability and adding new product lines, Triton Consolidated purchases Apple Fabrication of Duncanville, TX. 


    
"With the acquisition of Apple Fabrication, Triton Consolidated expands our capability to manufacture the different parts and assemblies in our product lines"    DALLAS, TX, July 12, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Triton Consolidated, Inc., announces the acquisition of Apple Fabrication Company ("Apple Fabrication") in Duncanville, Texas. For nearly twenty years, Apple Fabrication has manufactured and sold high quality polymer and stainless steel tanks, vessels, and other fabricated products.

"With the acquisition of Apple Fabrication, Triton Consolidated expands our capability to manufacture the different parts and assemblies in our product lines and bring the manufacturing of steel, stainless, high density polymers, and other materials in house," said Perry Jasin, Chief Executive Officer of Triton Consolidated. "Not only the addition of new product lines, but the flexibility to manufacture and incorporate these new capabilities, allows for the continuing improvement of our current product lines. Both in the Elevator division and in the Ground Support Equipment division, the integration of Apple Fabrication opens the path to synergize functions and capabilities across the divisions. This is an exciting time."

"This increases our manufacturing abilities and allows us to control the quality and delivery of many of our fabricated components," said Derald Armstrong, Triton Consolidated Chief Operating Officer. "The ability to easily adapt and control the fabrication of parts and assemblies allows for a more rapid response both to opportunities and market needs."

Apple Fabrication has been producing high quality industrial steel tanks and vessels since 1997. Serving markets throughout North America, the company has provided high quality solutions for specialized applications in hazardous, high pressure, caustic, clean room, and volatile environments. Utilizing steel, stainless, polymer and highly specialized materials, Apple Fabrication products have earned the reputation of being engineered correctly, to be right the first time.

"We are happy to join the Triton Consolidated team to continue delivering a quality product and increase market opportunities." Jack Green, the founder of Apple Fabrication Company stated.About Triton Consolidated, Inc. 
Triton Consolidated, Inc. in Duncanville, Texas is the holding company that has recently acquired Triton Elevator, LLC and Apple Fabrication Company and is currently in the elevator and aviation ground support equipment business. Triton's quality products are setting a new standard for reliability and ease of installation.# # #Read more Press Releases from Don Criswell:TRITON GSE and PAGE Industries Join Forces in Global Distribution AgreementLucas Cappelletti Accepts Director of Sales and Marketing Responsibilities With Triton Elevators, LLCGary W. Phillips Accepts President Responsibilities With Triton Applied Systems, Inc.Triton Consolidated Announces Advisory Board AppointmentTriton Consolidated Announces Acquisition of Manufacturing Facility


Comment on this story...

    




Share This Story






   



 Contact Information

 
Don CriswellTriton Consolidated, Inc.Dallas, TexasUSAVoice: 214.686.4400E-Mail: Email Us HereWebsite: Visit Our Website




Like This Story?


I like it!  0




 Tweets

 
 


 Disclaimer

If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















  
Triton Digital - Press Release - Vector Capital Acquires Triton Digital, The Leading Technology Provider to the Digital Audio Industry








































We're Hiring!   Log In




English
Spanish
French















Publishers

Streaming
Audio CDN
Media Players
Podcasting
Podcast Monetization
Audience Measurement
Webcast Metrics
Webcast Metrics Local
Monthly Rankers
Audio Advertising
Yield-Op SSP
Tap Ad Server
a2x Programmatic
Audience Engagement


Advertisers

Audio Advertising
Yield-Op SSP
a2x Audio Ad Exchange
Audience Measurement
Webcast Metrics Local
Monthly Rankers


About Us

News
Press
Events
Partners
Customers
Careers


Contact

Sales
Support


Blog
Client Login
EN | FR | ES












Press Releases









Tweet













Vector Capital Acquires Triton Digital, The Leading Technology Provider to the Digital Audio Industry
Monday, Mar 16, 2015 9:30 AM EST
LOS ANGELES, CA and SAN FRANCISCO, CA — MARCH 16, 2015 — Vector Capital, a technology-focused private equity firm, today announced the acquisition of Triton Digital, the leading technology provider to the digital audio industry. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Founded in 2006, Triton Digital is a pioneer in the rapidly expanding digital audio marketplace. The Company’s innovative and proprietary software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) solutions and advertising technology enable both live and on-demand audio publishers to build their audiences and revenues globally.
“We are extremely excited about partnering with Vector for the next stage of our growth,” said Neal Schore, President and CEO, Triton Digital. “Triton was founded with the vision of transforming the digital audio marketplace by providing publishers with highly sophisticated technology solutions to drive monetization. This partnership will allow Triton to accelerate our growth through investments into our products, customers, and partners.” As our marketplace and company head into the significant growth stage, we couldn’t be more excited to forge forward with Vector.”
Alex Beregovsky, a Managing Director at Vector Capital, commented, "Triton is uniquely positioned in its industry as the only technology provider offering a complete end-to-end solution for audio publishers who wish to build, measure, and monetize a digital audience. We are very excited about working with the talented group of employees at Triton Digital to further invest in product development to support the significant long-term opportunities in the digital audio marketplace.” 
Throughout its history, Triton has continually innovated and paved the way for growth in the digital audio industry with its unique and highly differentiated technology solutions. The Company’s audio ad exchange, a2x™, is the industry’s first audience-based programmatic buying solution for online and mobile digital audio ads, enabling digital audio publishers and advertisers to partner dynamically in delivering the most effective solutions for engaging consumers.
Alex Kleiner, a Vice President at Vector Capital, said, “We are honored to partner with Triton and are committed to investing in the company’s growth by further strengthening and expanding its market leading product and service capabilities. We believe with strong backing from Vector, the company will continue to capitalize on the exciting trends in the digital audio market.”Macquarie Capital served as financial advisor to Triton Digital.
 
About Triton Digital
Triton Digital’s® (http://tritondigital.com) technology has connected audio supply to advertising demand since 2006, providing the technical backbone for the digital audio marketplace. The company’s innovative technology enables both live and on-demand publishers to build audience and revenue globally. As a pioneer in the space, Triton Digital has made that audience available programmatically for the first time, maximizing audience buying efficiency for advertisers across the world.
Triton Digital Media Contact
Kristin KoziarskiTriton Digital(866) 448-4037 x2694kristin.koziarski@tritondigital.com 
About Vector Capital
Vector Capital is a leading global private equity firm specializing in transformational investments in established technology businesses. Vector identifies and pursues these investments in both the private and public markets. Vector actively partners with management teams to devise and execute new financial and business strategies that materially improve the competitive standing of these businesses and enhance their value for employees, customers, and shareholders. Among Vector's notable investments are Aladdin Knowledge Systems, Allegro Development, Cambium Networks, Certara, CollabNet, Corel, IPVALUE Management, LANDesk Software, Niku, Gerber Scientific, RAE Systems, Register.com, SafeNet, Technicolor, Teletrac, Tidel, WatchGuard Technologies, and WinZip. For more information, visit www.vectorcapital.com.
Vector Capital Media Contact
Jonathan Gasthalter/John ChristiansenSard Verbinnen & Co(212) 687-8080 / (415) 618-8750

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Triton Media - Triton completes acquisition of WernerCo






























 Any Words
 All Words
 Exact Phrase




login form here







Triton
Building better businesses

Languages

 Investor Login
 Search site


 Home

About us

Triton at a glance

Who we are

What we do

How we behave

Working together


How we are governed

Where we are located

West Park Management Services



Working with you

Management teams

Investors

Triton I
Triton 1A
Triton II
Triton III
Triton IV
Triton Debt Opportunities
Triton Value Fund
Triton Smaller Mid-Cap-Fund


Triton Annual Meeting



Sectors

Industrials

Business Services

Consumer



Investment Strategies

Private Equity

Smaller Mid-Cap Private Equity

Credit

Public Equity



Team

Boards of Managers and General Partners

Private Equity Investment Advisory Committee

Triton Debt Opportunities Investment Advisory Committee

Triton Smaller Mid-Cap Investment Advisory Committee

Triton Value Fund Investment Advisory Committee

Investment Advisory Professionals

Investor Relations

Finance, governance and administration

West Park Management Services



Responsibility

Environmental, Social Responsibility and Governance Policy

ESG forum

UN PRI



Media

Archive

Subscribe

Video gallery

Brand gallery



Contact

Jersey

Germany

United Kingdom

Luxembourg

Sweden

China

United States of America

Denmark

Norway

Finland

Contact form



Careers

Senior Executives

Internship Frankfurt









Media
Archive
Subscribe
Video gallery
Brand gallery






Working in partnership to build better businesses



Working in partnership to build better businesses



Working in partnership to build better businesses



Working in partnership to build better businesses




Home
Media
Triton completes acquisition of WernerCo


Latest news
Triton Communications


Head of Communications TritonMarcus BransTel: +49 69 9210 2204



Media Enquiries


Deutschland/ DACH CNCMax HohenbergTel: +49 89 599 458 132
 Triton DACHAnne JohnsonTel: +49 69 9210 2400
NordicsTriton NordicsElin OtterTel: +46 76 133 95 64
    



Home
News
Triton completes acquisition of WernerCo
Back to news


Triton completes acquisition of WernerCo
24/07/2017
Schaffhausen (Switzerland)/Greenville, PA (United States of America)/Frankfurt (Germany), 24 July 2017 - Funds advised by Triton ("Triton") have completed today the acquisition of WernerCo, a fully integrated, international manufacturer and distributor of access products, fall protection equipment, secure storage systems and light duty construction equipment. The parties have agreed not to disclose the purchase price.
About WernerCo WernerCo is a privately owned, fully-integrated, international manufacturer and distributor of access products, fall protection equipment, secure storage systems and light duty construction equipment. Its portfolio of industry leading brands include Werner, KNAACK®, WEATHER GUARD®, Youngman®, BoSS®, Centaure, Duarib, Haemmerlin and Bailey. WernerCo has manufacturing, warehousing, sales, distribution and office facilities in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, France, Hungary, Mexico, Philippines, Vietnam and the United Kingdom. Werner’s global headquarters are in Schaffhausen, Switzerland and its US headquarters are in Greenville, Pennsylvania.
For further information: www.wernerworldwide.com
About Triton The Triton funds invest in and support the positive development of medium-sized businesses headquartered in Europe, focusing on businesses in the Industrial, Business Services and Consumer/Health sectors.
Triton seeks to contribute to the building of better businesses for the longer term. Triton and its executives wish to be agents of positive change towards sustainable operational improvements and growth. The 31 companies currently in Triton's portfolio have combined sales of around €14.8 billion and around 90,000 employees.
The Triton funds are advised by dedicated teams of professionals based in Germany, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Denmark, Italy, the United Kingdom, the United States, China, Luxembourg and Jersey.
For further information: www.triton-partners.com
Press Contacts:
Triton Marcus Brans                                                  Phone: +49 69 921 02204          
WernerCo Marquita Kordes  Phone: +1 724 588 2000 ext.2704










Sign up here to receive email news notifications
 




Email pagePrint page







Our locations*

Germany
Sweden
United Kingdom
Jersey
China
Luxembourg
United States of America

* For legal entities please see the legal notice


Triton


This website is not directed at visitors who are located within the US.
See legal notice 3


Terms and conditions
Legal Notice
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
Copyright Triton 2016











View the full site: 

English Deutsch

Basic information

Dansk
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Norge
Suomi
Sverige

Close









Triton Acquisition Holding Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























triton acquisition holding co
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
Triton Acquisition Holding Co is headquartered in the United States. The Company's line of business includes investing in commodity contracts, tax liens, venture capital companies, and other miscellaneous investing.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































TRITON RE ACQUISITION LLC - MIRAMAR BEACH, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



MIRAMAR BEACH



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            TRITON RE ACQUISITION LLC
                                    



 





















T 


TRITON RE ACQUISITION LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3508 BURNT PINE LN MIRAMAR BEACH, FL 32550
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Triton Re Acquisition Llc was founded in 2010. Triton Re Acquisition Llc specializes in Investors, Nec. Triton Re Acquisition Llc has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $120,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














  Triton to acquire Bosch Rexroth pneumatics business - Bosch Rexroth AG                                                                                          Contact   Login    Website: International   International Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herze... Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile China   Colombia Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Ireland   Italy Japan Kazakhstan Korea Malaysia Mexico Middle East Netherlands New Zealand Norway Peru Poland   Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey   Ukraine United Kingdom USA Venezuela Vietnam                     Home     Products    Product groups   Assembly Technology   Electric Drives and Controls   Gear Technology   Industrial Hydraulics   Linear Motion Technology   Mobile Hydraulics   Moulding and Casting Technologies   Tightening Technology   Welding Technology     Product Support   Product documentation   eConfigurators and Tools   Mobile Device Applications   Hydraulic fluids     Engineering   Open Core Engineering   Communication interfaces     Product news   Hydraulics   Electric drives and controls   Linear motion technology   Assembly technology   Multi-technology   Service   QR Code        Industries    Mobile Applications   Construction Machinery   Agricultural and Forestry Machinery   Material Handling   On-Highway and Commercial Vehicles     Machinery Applications and Engineering   Architecture In Motion   Cement Industry   Chemical Industry   Civil Engineering   Dredging   Energy Technology   Engines   Glass Making Machinery   Horizontal and Utility Drilling   Hydrodynamic Research   Machine Tools Forming and Separating   Marine   Materials Handling   Metallurgy   Mineral Processing   Mining   Motion Simulation Technology   Offshore   Oil and Gas land based   Pulp and Paper Machinery   Recycling and Waste Handling   Renewable Energies   Rubber Processing   Shipyard Equipment   Stage Technology   Sugar Industry   Testing Technology   Transport Technology   Tunnel Boring Machines   Woodworking     Factory Automation   Assembly and Handling   Automotive   Machine Tools   Plastics and Diecast Machinery   Printing and Paper   Processing and Packaging   Semiconductor and Electronics   Solar   Showcase i4.0        Service    Industrial Applications   Hotline   Spare Parts   Repairs   Field Service   Product Overhaul   Service Agreements   Fluid Management   Predictive Maintenance   Modernization   Product Training   Services for Metallurgy   Services for Large Hydraulic Cylinders   Services for Hägglunds Drives   Services for older brands     Mobile Applications   Hotline   Spare parts   Field service   Repairs   Customized services        Training    Your benefits   Training Program   eLearning   eTraining   Training Systems   Media   LearnWorld   Trends and Topics      Trends and Topics    Directions   Technology   Know-how   Energy Efficiency   Machine Safety   Industry 4.0      Company    About Bosch Rexroth   Press   Trade Shows and Events   Jobs and Career      Buy    How to Buy   Focused Delivery Program - GoTo      myRexroth    Manage   myProfile   Register yourself   Forgot your password?            Home > Company > Press   You are here: Home > Company > Press       Company   Press   Company   Corporate Information   Product Information   Industry Trends   Multimedia   Press Kits   Press Contact                  Press   Content      Back to overview      PI 097-13   Lohr am Main, 2013-09-16   Triton to acquire Bosch Rexroth pneumatics business   Agreements signed  Bosch Rexroth plans to sell its global pneumatics business (Rexroth Pneumatics) to the German-Scandinavian investor Triton. Agreements to this effect were signed. It has been agreed that the purchase price will not be disclosed. The acquisition is subject to approval by the antitrust authorities.  “Triton has extensive experience successfully positioning small and medium-sized companies. With this acquisition, we are taking the next consistent and logical step toward ensuring the successful further development of our pneumatics business,” said Karl Tragl, the president of Bosch Rexroth. Over the last few years, Bosch Rexroth has successfully developed this business and laid the necessary groundwork for Bosch Pneumatics to be able to gain market share beyond factory automation. As early as February 2012, Bosch Rexroth announced that it wanted to sell its pneumatics business, as this would allow it to seize additional, long-term growth opportunities outside of the factory automation sector in which Bosch Rexroth is active.  Peder Prahl, Director of the General Partner of the Triton funds, expressed his optimism about the acquisition of the Bosch Rexroth pneumatics business: “Rexroth Pneumatics has the potential to benefit from market growth driven by an increasing global trend towards automation. We are confident that focused investment will enable the company to operate successfully as a stand-alone entity.”  Founded in 1997, the investment firm Triton is dedicated to investing in medium-size businesses headquartered in Northern Europe with a focus on Germany, Switzerland, Austria and the Nordic countries Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Within this European region, Triton focuses on businesses in the industrial, business services, and consumer/healthcare sectors.   Triton aims to support management in strengthening portfolio companies by lastingly improving operational processes and structures. Its long-term investment philosophy lays the foundation for implementing these improvements. Investors of Triton funds include, among others, pension funds, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds and endowments. Triton has undertaken to comply with the UN’s "Principles for Responsible Investment" ("UN PRI").  Rexroth Pneumatics employs around 2,100 associates worldwide, including at manufacturing sites in Laatzen (Germany), Lexington (U.S.), Wujin (China), Eger (Hungary), and Bonneville (France). It has been operating as a stand-alone business unit within Bosch Rexroth since June 2013.   Economical, precise, safe, and energy efficient: drive and control technology from Bosch Rexroth moves machines and systems of any size. The company bundles global application experience in the market segments of Mobile Applications, Machinery Applications and Engineering, Factory Automation, and Renewable Energies to develop innovative components as well as tailored system solutions and services. Bosch Rexroth offers its customers hydraulics, electric drives and controls, pneumatics, gear technology, and linear motion and assembly technology all from one source. With locations in over 80 countries, more than 37,500 associates generated sales revenue of approximately 6.5 billion euros in 2012.  To learn more, please visit www.boschrexroth.com   The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. In 2012, its roughly 306,000 associates generated sales of 52.5 billion euros. Since the beginning of 2013, its operations have been divided into four business sectors: Automotive Technology, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its more than 360 subsidiaries and regional companies in some 50 countries. If its sales and service partners are included, then Bosch is represented in roughly 150 countries. This worldwide development, manufacturing, and sales network is the foundation for further growth. Bosch spent some 4.8 billion euros for research and development in 2012, and applied for roughly 4,800 patents worldwide. The Bosch Group’s products and services are designed to fascinate, and to improve the quality of life by providing solutions which are both innovative and beneficial. In this way, the company offers technology worldwide that is “Invented for life.” Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com and www.bosch-press.com      Download press release          Back to overview         Search press releases        Contact  Jana Benzinger Maria-Theresien-Straße 23 97816 Lohr am Main Phone: +49 9352 18-1589 jana.benzinger@boschrexroth.de       Download press release      Related Articles  2013-10-04  Product Information Completely Modular and Ultra-Efficient  The MSC series mini slides have a compact design, require minimal installation space and can be optimally configured for virtually any automated handling task. The new generation of mini slides offers a multitude of variants and equipment details.  more                                      To the top    Facebook  YouTube Linkedin       Newsletter   Imprint   Privacy   Legal   Certificates   Purchasing and Logistics  © Bosch Rexroth AG            Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are necessary for the website. Without these cookies the website will not work properly.             Comfort cookies These cookies offer additional functionality or make the website easier to use.            Statistics cookies These cookies improve the quality of the statistic data that is used to further improve the website.            Targeting cookies These cookies are used to customize information and advertising to your interests based on the content you have visited before.        Cookie Settings     Privacy settings allow you to enable or disable cookies.                  © Bosch Rexroth AG          For the full functionality of this website cookies are needed. Please activate cookies and refresh your browser. After the refresh a cookie management dialog will be shown.        This website uses cookies for functional, comfort and statistics purposes. You can change this setting at any time by clicking on „change settings“. If you consent to this use of cookies please click „Yes, I agree“.  Change settings  Yes, I agree     Our cookie policy                        