 



The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. Names Alexandra C. Trower Executive Vice President, Global Communications | Business Wire


























































The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. Names 
      Alexandra C. Trower Executive Vice President, Global Communications












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Alexandra C. Trower (Photo: Business Wire)





April 10, 2008 07:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (NYSE:EL) 
      announced today that Alexandra C. Trower has been named Executive Vice 
      President, Global Communications. She will report to Chief Executive 
      Officer William P. Lauder. Ms. Trower, who will be an officer of the 
      Company, will start April 14, 2008.
    


      A communications executive with more than 20 years experience in the 
      financial services industry, Ms. Trower most recently was Senior Vice 
      President, Media Relations for Bank of America. Leading a 30-person 
      team, Ms. Trower worked to enhance the company’s 
      brand, image and reputation in the U.S. and abroad through integrated 
      media, communications and marketing efforts. In addition, she served as 
      a senior communications advisor to top management.
    

      Ms. Trower will direct the overall communications strategy at The Estée 
      Lauder Companies. She will oversee the four specialties of Global 
      Communications—Brand Communications, 
      Corporate Communications, Internal Communications and Consumer 
      Communications. In addition, she will counsel senior corporate 
      executives, brand presidents and others throughout the global 
      organization on communications issues and events, while also working 
      closely with Investor Relations.
    

“Alex brings invaluable global experience to 
      The Estée Lauder Companies with her broad 
      financial, corporate and consumer background. “We’re 
      confident that her proven track record will be an asset to the Company 
      and its brands,” William P. Lauder, Chief 
      Executive Officer, said.
    

      "The Estée Lauder Companies has a rich 
      heritage, iconic brands, and strong global growth prospects. I am 
      thrilled to be joining William Lauder and his team to play a role in 
      helping to drive the Company’s continued 
      success," said Trower.
    

      Prior to her position at Bank of America, Ms. Trower was a Managing 
      Director at JPMorgan Chase where she was responsible for Corporate 
      Communications at JPMorgan Fleming Asset Management. Prior to that, she 
      spent 10 years at Chancellor LGT Asset Management, now part of Invesco, 
      where she was Vice President of Corporate Communications.
    

      The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. is one of the 
      world’s leading manufacturers and marketers 
      of quality skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The 
      Company’s products are sold in over 135 
      countries and territories under well-recognized brand names including Estée 
      Lauder, Aramis, Clinique, Prescriptives, Lab Series, Origins, M•A•C, 
      Bobbi Brown, Tommy Hilfiger, Kiton, La Mer, Donna Karan, Aveda, Jo 
      Malone, Bumble and bumble, Darphin, Michael Kors, American Beauty, 
      Flirt!, Good Skin, Grassroots, Sean John, Missoni, Daisy Fuentes, Tom 
      Ford Beauty, Mustang, Coach and Ojon.
    




Contacts

      The Estee Lauder Companies Inc.Media Relations:Julie Berman, 
      212-572-4438
    















Contacts

      The Estee Lauder Companies Inc.Media Relations:Julie Berman, 
      212-572-4438
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    Alexandra Trower | The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 












Alexandra C. Trower, The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. EVP, Communications, Global - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Alexandra C. Trower
EVP, Communications, Global, The Estee Lauder Companies Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Alexandra C. Trower at The Estee Lauder Companies Inc.. Alexandra C. Trower works as EVP, Communications, Global , acting in a PR/IR/Communications role .  The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. is a leader in Cosmetics & Toiletries .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more PR/IR/Communications leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


05/14/2017:


Estee Lauder Companies (EL) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds

Press coverage about Estee Lauder Companies (NYSE:EL) has been trending very positive this week, Alpha One Sentiment reports. Alpha One, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Estee Lauder Companies earned a media sentiment score of 0.66 on Alpha One’s scale. .....

People In This Article:
Alexandra C. Trower
,                                            Tom Ford
 

05/11/2017:


Estee Lauder Companies (EL) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.67

Media stories about Estee Lauder Companies (NYSE:EL) have trended very positive this week, Alpha One reports. The research group, a division of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Estee Lauder Companies earned a news sentiment score of 0.67 on Alpha One’s scale. .....

People In This Article:
Alexandra C. Trower
,                                            Fabrizio Freda
 






Learn more about Alexandra C. Trower  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Alexandra C. Trower and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved






























Alexandra C. Trower , The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/25/2017  
Alexandra C. Trower  
Executive Vice President, Global CommunicationsThe Estée Lauder Companies Inc.
Telephone, and Email available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
Senior Vice President, Media Relations,  Bank of America Corporation,  ,  
(3 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership® Companies Premium Leadership Networks® The Leadership Library®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            









Alexandra C. Trower - Executive Vice President, Global Communications @ Estee Lauder Companies | crunchbase
buddcsfavtyacrbDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.Alexandra C. TrowerOverviewTimelineContributorsTop ContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdatePrimary RoleExecutive Vice President, Global Communications @ Estee Lauder CompaniesGender:FemaleLocation:UnknownPerson DetailsUpdateAlexandra C. Trower became Executive Vice President, Global Communications in April, 2008. She reports to William P. Lauder, Executive Chairman, The Estée Lauder Companies.
Ms. Trower directs the Company’s overall communications strategy as it relates to consumers, employees and stockholders. She oversees the four specialties of Global Communications—Brand Communications, Corporate Communications, Internal Communications and Consumer Communications—and works closely with Investor Relations. In addition, she counsels senior corporate executives, brand presidents and others throughout the global organization on communications issues and events.
Ms. Trower has more than 20 years experience in global communications, with a broad background in financial, corporate and consumer relations. Before joining The Estée Lauder Companies, Ms. Trower was Senior Vice President, Media Relations for Bank of America. Leading a 30-person team, Ms. Trower worked to enhance the company’s brand, image and reputation in the U.S. and abroad through integrated media, communications and marketing efforts. In addition, she served as a senior communications advisor to top management on business strategy, acquisitions, product introductions, customer issues, litigation and government relations.
From 1997 to 2003, Ms. Trower was a Managing Director at JPMorgan Chase, where she was responsible for Corporate Communications at JPMorgan Fleming Asset Management. Prior to that, she spent 10 years at Chancellor LGT Asset Management, now part of Invesco, where she was Vice President of Corporate Communications.
Ms. Trower graduated from Hollins University in Roanoke, Va. She is a member of its Alumnae Board of Directors.
Ms. Trower lives in New York City with her husband and daughter.
Jobs (1)UpdateCurrentExecutive Vice President, Global CommunicationsEstee Lauder CompaniesAdd Board & Advisor RolesAdd EducationAdd NewsAdd MembershipsAdd ImagesAdd VideosB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U 


Alexandra Trower |  International Women's Media Foundation (IWMF)






















































































 












 



Search









 Navbar

About Us

Mission, Vision & Financials
Press Room
Board of Directors
IWMF Alumni
Staff
Donors
Contact Us

Privacy Policy




Programs

2017 Opportunities
IWMF Emergency Fund
Adelante (English)
Adelante (Español)
African Great Lakes Reporting Initiative

Participate In The Initiative
African Great Lakes Reporting Fellows
In-Country Training
Reshaping the Narrative


Elizabeth Neuffer Fellowship

Apply for the Neuffer Fellowship


Fund for Women Journalists
HEFAT Training
Reporting Grants for Women’s Stories


Awards

Anja Niedringhaus Award

2017 Anja Niedringhaus Award
Past Award Winners
About Anja Niedringhaus


Courage in Journalism Award

2017 Courage in Journalism Award
Nominate a Journalist
Awardees (1990-2016)
Awardee Updates




IssuesWhat we stand for

Journalist Safety
Media Entrepreneurship
Press Freedom
Women’s Leadership


Research

Status of Women in News Media
Violence and Harassment against Women Journalists


Get Involved

Subscribe
Volunteer
Advocacy
Events

Event Photos
Live Stream


Social Media
Press Room
Contact Us


Donate
 








International Women's Media Foundation (IWMF)/Board of Directors/Alexandra Trower                            
Alexandra Trower








The Estee Lauder Companies Inc.

Alexandra C. Trower is Executive Vice President, Global Communications, a position she assumed in 2008. In this role, Ms. Trower oversees brand, corporate, social, crisis, philanthropic and Lauder family communications. She serves on the Executive Leadership Team, is an Executive Officer of the company and reports directly to William P. Lauder, Executive Chairman of The Estée Lauder Companies.
Ms. Trower has more than 25 years of experience, with diverse expertise in financial, corporate, consumer and crisis communications. Before joining The Estée Lauder Companies, Ms. Trower was Senior Vice President, Media Relations for Bank of America. In this role, she led a 30-person team, working to enhance the company’s brand, image and reputation in the U.S. and abroad through integrated media, communications and marketing efforts. In addition, she served as a senior communications advisor to top management on business strategy, acquisitions, product introductions, customer issues, litigation, crisis management and government relations.
From 1997 to 2003, Ms. Trower was a Managing Director at JPMorgan Chase, where she was responsible for Corporate Communications at JPMorgan Fleming Asset Management. Prior to that, she spent 10 years at Chancellor LGT Asset Management, now part of Invesco, where her most recent role was Vice President of Corporate Communications.
Ms. Trower graduated from Hollins University, a women’s college in Roanoke, Virginia.  She serves on the University’s Board of Trustees and is a member of the Board’s Executive Committee.  Ms. Trower also serves as Co-Chair of the Board of Directors of the International Women’s Media Foundation and sits on the President’s Council of the New York Philharmonic.
Ms. Trower lives in New York City with her husband and daughter.
Follow Alexandra Trower on twitter: @alextrower



Alexandra Trower

























HOME | OUR ISSUES | OUR IMPACT | GET INVOLVED | RESEARCH | ABOUT US
1625 K Street NW, Suite 1275, Washington, DC 20006, USA
Tel: (+1) 202-496-1992© 2017 INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S MEDIA FOUNDATION. WEBSITE BY: REIMERS DESIGN  STUDIO








Top








