    Peter Clifford | TRSRY , LLC | ZoomInfo.com



J Beard Co Llc The in The Woodlands, TX 77380 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Texas
» The Woodlands
» Real Estate Services
» J Beard Co Llc The








 





J Beard Co Llc The


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





25231 Grogans Mill Rd  The Woodlands, Texas 77380


(281) 367-2220


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
J Beard Co Llc The is located at the address 25231 Grogans Mill Rd in The Woodlands, Texas 77380.  They can be contacted via phone at (281) 367-2220 for pricing, hours and directions.  J Beard Co Llc The specializes in Coastal Property, Foreclosures, Homes.  J Beard Co Llc The has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Tim  Maczko, J Beard Co Llc The provides Inspections, Cleaning, Design & Engineering to it's customers.  For maps and directions to J Beard Co Llc The view the map to the right.  For reviews of J Beard Co Llc The see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Doors
, Panels
, Vinyl Siding
, Asphalt
, Tile
, Replacement Windows
, Gravel
, Concrete
, Backhoes
, Thermostats



SERVICES


Demolition & Removals
, Inspections
, Design & Engineering
, Repairs
, Closing
, Property Tours
, Cleaning
, Residential Services
, Foundations
, Duct Cleaning


 BRANDS


Kohler
, Carrier
, Trane
, Wisconsin
, Certainteed
, Wick
, American Standard
, Whirlwind
, Andersen
, Moen


 SPECIALTIES


Buildings
, Lots
, Commercial Equipment
, Estates
, Coastal Property
, Duplexes
, Homes
, Condominiums
, Apartments
, Foreclosures



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (281) 367-2220
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 5
Exact Sales Volume: 480000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Real Estate Services
New Homes
Real Estate



People Also Viewed


Nails Of America


8000 Res Frest Dr Ste 310  The Woodlands, Texas 77382




Woodlands Realty, LLC


158 S Queenscliff Circle  The Woodlands, Texas 77382




Showhomes The Woodlands


34 Lindenberry Cir.  The Woodlands, Texas 77389




Pro Lending Mortgage


46 W Placid Hill Cir  The Woodlands, Texas 77381




Linc Facility Services LLC


9303 New Trails Dr  The Woodlands, Texas 77381




Keller Williams Realty - The Kink Team


8111 Ashlane Way  The Woodlands, Texas 77382





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Tim  Maczko


 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM














trsry





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













US DEPARTMENT TRSRY IRS FED CR UNIO New Orleans LA, 70112 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
US Department Trsry IRS FED CR Unio
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







US Department Trsry IRS FED CR Unio



1555 Poydras St, Ste 250

New Orleans,
							
							
							 LA
							
							
							 70112-3726
							
							 |  view map


(504) 523-3756

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

US DEPARTMENT TRSRY IRS FED CR UNIO in New Orleans, LA.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Barnes & Noble


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


TRI State Metal Works


Walbro


Hammer & CO


A 1 Raidator Service


RAM Enterprises Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on US Department Trsry IRS FED CR Unio
Rate US Department Trsry IRS FED CR Unio on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about US Department Trsry IRS FED CR Unio
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VUDEN INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGUE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLTAIRE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL
YADIN CO INC
INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC
FACTOR SALES INC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC
SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC
CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC
ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
PANALPINA INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
AZURADISC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  















 






How To Reduce Currency Risks While Making Your Exports More Attractive



































































                    Home                                        





                    U.S.                                        





                    World                                        





                    Politics                                        





                    Trade & Finance                                        





                    Labor                                        





                    Manufacturing                                        





                    Economy                                        




























					How To Reduce Currency Risks While Making Your Exports More Attractive








                								
           															
											By Peter Clifford					                
                
                
					  •   Monday, February 02, 2015
   |   

Topic: Strategies						
		                     





 

 



The United States has less than 5 percent of the world’s population. Yet the World Bank says the country accounts for 20 percent of global GDP output. For years our large market satisfied the goals of American manufacturers. But that has changed. And when considering CIA data that indicates our growth rates are lower than 150 other countries, it becomes obvious that U.S. companies need to seek faster growing markets abroad.
A portion of the world’s population is inaccessible for a variety of reasons: poor local distribution channels, infrastructure challenges, and in rare cases, sanctions, etc. But, even when one considers the lure of potentially new markets, falling manufacturing costs, and the metaphorical dissolution of borders, exporting is more practical and more profitable than ever. It is not without risk, though.
Next Stop, Parity
First and foremost, there are plenty of currency risks. In the past six months, the U.S. dollar has unquestionably been the belle of the ball in global currency markets. The only other significant currency of note that has even come close to matching its performance has been the Swiss Franc — thanks entirely to a Barry Bonds sized dose of performance-enhancing intervention. With political turmoil in Europe and relatively strong economic performance in the U.S., one can expect this trend to continue.
Against the euro, there seems to be nothing preventing the dollar from racing back below parity, a level not seen since shortly after we weathered the Y2K scare. In fact, by the time you finish reading this article, we might already be through the psychologically significant level. This would be on top of the near 22 percent gains realized since July.
The single currency isn’t alone. Similar gains have been booked against many of the dollar’s rivals as evidenced by the near 18 percent rise in the U.S. Dollar Index, according to Investing.com. The Index represents the value of the U.S. dollar versus a trade weighted basket of currencies. As you would expect, similar gains have been booked by the heavier weighted currencies in that index. According to Oanda.com, the Buck has risen by 17 percent against the CAD, 16 percent against the JPY, 13 percent against the GBP, and was flat versus the CNY. You can’t win them all.

The move has importers and those holding “short” (i.e. need to buy the currency) euro, et. al. positions rejoicing. It has been a virtual one way street since July, much to their delight.
The End is Not Near
Exporters, however, and those with an implied “long” position (i.e. need to sell the currency) are not doing as much celebrating. Their wares have, in the past two quarters, received an implied price hike of 15 to 20 percent overseas. For fear of making the product less attractive to local competition overseas, this often comes out of the manufacturer’s or exporter’s bottom line. This trend seems set to continue.
All is not lost, though. There are tools available even to the smallest companies conducting international business. These tools offer protection from foreign currency exposure; be it payables or receivables. Forward contracts are the most common tool, but futures contracts, and options contracts also serve to hedge those exposures, cap downside risk, and, barring some catastrophic event, assure the buyer a set amount of proceeds upon maturity.
Forwards and futures are very similar and relatively easy to understand. The former can be customized with respect to amounts and delivery dates. The latter comes with predefined terms.
Options tend to be more complex. Though they generally allow for more flexibility and occasionally some upside participation, one really should make an effort to understand all of the inputs and potential outcomes given the inevitable changes to those inputs. (Just a hint: the old poker adage of “Look around the table. If you can’t see the sucker, you’re it” rings especially true here. Know what you are getting into.)
Just So We’re All Clear
The most important part of a proper hedging strategy is defining exactly what you need to hedge. A U.S. company selling domestically knows how much it can expect for its wares. For a U.S. company selling internationally, things aren’t as clear. Invoicing in dollars seems to make sense operationally, but keep in mind, it might cost your customer on the other end much more.
In the following example, for the $100,000 to be paid in installments by a customer in Europe, note that the customer ends up paying €7 thousand more than they would have in the presence of a hedge.

Invoicing in local currency alleviates the administrative burden from the customer and makes importing more attractive, but it doesn’t solve the problem. The unhedged euro position is worth $12 thousand less in the absence of a hedge at the time of settlement. (Both examples assume a deal date of June 1, with 20 percent due July 15, 30 percent due October 15, and the 50 percent balance due January 15.)

You Win Some, You Win Some More
Another often overlooked advantage of some of these tools is that they tend to keep your cash flow free. Though not immune to deposits, premiums, or margin, which typically only amount to a fraction of the notional value of the hedge, you only need to pay for them when they mature, or in the case of options, if they are executed.
Regardless of which side of the market you are on and regardless of the direction of the underlying exchange rate, having an appropriate hedge in place is key. All well and good to avoid downside risk, but what of missing out on the upside? If you have owned a home in the past 8 to 10 years, you know that no rally lasts forever.
There will be periods of sharp dollar declines, too. You can take that to the bank. Much less certain — and infinitely more important is the timing of these declines.
From the exporter perspective, it would be difficult to see these potential “gains” slipping away because you had hedged your revenues ahead of time. To this, I would say serendipity is not a sustainable business model. Yes, you might be missing out on what you perceive to be “gains,” but, unless you are a currency trader at a bank or hedge fund, your “gains” should be made on running your business, growing sales, and realizing efficiencies in your operations — things within your control.
Executive board rooms cheer efficiencies in their own operations. Not stumbling into revenues because certain factors well beyond their control conspire to work in their favor once or twice. They celebrate and reward proper risk management strategies. Hedging is perhaps the most important risk management strategy that an importer or exporter can deploy.
Tweet


Share

About The Author Peter CliffordPeter Clifford is the Co-Founder of TRSRY, LLC., an early stage financial technology company specializing in foreign currency hedging and payment services for corporations.








Talkback









	Talkback	






			No comments found		




Stickies


Lovies





Leave your comments





Name (Required):





Email:













0









		Type the text presented in the image below. Not clear?		Reload Captcha









Submit Comment






































Quick Search















 









» Advanced Search







Related Articles





		 	America Has Yet to Realize Its Potential Wealth - 2017-06-17			



		 	One Belt, One Road: Why Trump Should Get behind China's Plan - 2017-06-17			



		 	Advice for the President on NAFTA Renegotiation: Don’t Fix What Ain’t Broke - 2017-02-26			



		 	President Trump and the Truth about Trade, Globalization and Automation - 2017-02-18			



		 	Over the Edge and into the Abyss for US-China Trade Relations? - 2017-02-16			



























































Stock Watch












1
DOW
21,830.31


+33.76
(0.15%)
   




2
NASDAQ
6,374.68


-7.51
(-0.12%)
   




3
S&P
2,472.10


-3.32
(-0.13%)
   






1
2
3
4

add



 






FREE Impact Analysis



Get an inside perspective and stay on top of the most important issues in today's Global Economic Arena. Subscribe to The Manzella Report's FREE Impact Analysis Newsletter today!





















Global Business



Understand dynamic global markets.
Understand what’s occurred and more accurately assess what’s ahead. Improve your corporate strategic plan, seize the right opportunities, and boost competitiveness and profits.
Read More







Topics





Economy
Labor
Manufacturing
Politics
Trade & Finance
U.S.
World
Advanced Search











Trends & Analysis



Informative, analytical and policy-oriented perspectives.
Comprehend the impact of past events and fully grasp and prepare for the challenges ahead.
Read More







Site Index





About Us

Mission
Advertise
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Search
Contribute
Contact Us






Follow

Google+
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook












       A Global Business Perspective At Your Fingertips



N. America S. America Europe Asia Africa Australia





Most Popular Articles





			The Impact of Globalization, Trade Agreements and Emerging Trade Blocs on U.S. Industry (70879)



			Is International Expansion Through a Joint Venture or Foreign Acquisition Right for Your Company? (67266)



			Tariffs and Non-Tariff Barriers and How They Impact Your Business (34043)



			John Manzella (32141)



			Assessing Foreign Markets: Selecting the Right Markets Can Make Your Company a Fortune (28742)



			The Impact of Trade Barriers (27761)















				Copyright © 2012 - 2019, The Manzella Report | Manzella Trade Communications,	Inc.	
                
 
Powered By






















Follow us on Google+ 




Follow us on Facebook 




Follow us on YouTube 




Follow us on Twitter 





