

	TRUEPOINT Trademark of IOPTEX RESEARCH, INC.. Serial Number: 74380430 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
TRUEPOINT










 
Get FREE email alerts













TRUEPOINT  Trademark Information
 IOPTEX RESEARCH, INC.
medical products; namely, surgical blades and knives for use in ophthalmic surgery




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products





Words that describe this mark
medical   products      surgical   blades   knives   use   ophthalmic   surgery    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TRUEPOINT trademark by IOPTEX RESEARCH, INC. 
                                in Irvindale, CA, 91706.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TRUEPOINT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner IOPTEX RESEARCH, INC. of the TRUEPOINT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TRUEPOINT trademark.
                           






On Thursday, April 15, 1993,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TRUEPOINT by 
                        IOPTEX RESEARCH, INC., Irvindale, CA  91706.
                        The USPTO has given the TRUEPOINT 
                        trademark serial  number of  74380430.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for TRUEPOINT is 
                        
                        
                                            Paul E. Krieger of 
                                            Pravel, Hewitt, Kimball & Krieger,  1177 West Loop South, 10th Floor, Houston, TX  77027-9095 
                                .
                            The TRUEPOINT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TRUEPOINT 
                            is medical products; namely, surgical blades and knives for use in ophthalmic surgery. 
                            





Word mark:
 TRUEPOINT


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

1/19/2002



  Serial Number:  
74380430


  Filing Date:  
4/15/1993


 Registration Number:  
1873226 


 Registration Date:  
1/10/1995


 Goods and Services: 
medical products; namely, surgical blades and knives for use in ophthalmic surgery


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/26/1993


Last Applicant/Owner:

IOPTEX RESEARCH, INC.Irvindale, CA  91706
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Paul E. Krieger
Pravel, Hewitt, Kimball & Krieger
1177 West Loop South, 10th Floor
Houston, TX  77027-9095






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
8/1/1993


First Use In Commerce: 
8/1/1993





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TRUEPOINT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/19/2002
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Paul E. Krieger


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TRUEPOINT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search truepoint on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TRUEPOINT 




TRUEPOINT is providing medical products; namely, surgical blades and knives for use in ophthalmic surgery.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Safety Signs, Tripods and Supplies: Trupoint Products












"Satellite TV TRIPOD"


"Satellite Internet TRIPOD"


  
          
























Baker St, Coloma, 
  Michigan 49038 PHONE 269-468-4611 FAX 269-468-8583
Tru 
  Point is an inventor, manufacturer, and distributor 
  of engineering, safety & essential supplies. 
Our 
  mission is to invent and seek out superior products for the professional and 
  general public. 
Copyright Š2005. 
  Everything shown here is the property of Trupoint Products, Inc. All rights 
  reserved. 




TruePoint, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:14 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of TruePoint, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
TruePoint, Inc. provides software-based computer telephony and call center solutions. It offers continuum family of products that utilizes three-layer architecture of tools, templates, and telephony, which leverages software-based computer telephony to allow clients to customize campaigns with industry specific templates. The company’s continuum family of products comprises inbound, outbound, and desktop call center facilities and incorporates an application template approach. It sells its products to the financial services companies, such as banks and credit unions; investment and insurance companies, and utilities; telecommunications, associations, and call centers; and service bureaus, as...
TruePoint, Inc. provides software-based computer telephony and call center solutions. It offers continuum family of products that utilizes three-layer architecture of tools, templates, and telephony, which leverages software-based computer telephony to allow clients to customize campaigns with industry specific templates. The company’s continuum family of products comprises inbound, outbound, and desktop call center facilities and incorporates an application template approach. It sells its products to the financial services companies, such as banks and credit unions; investment and insurance companies, and utilities; telecommunications, associations, and call centers; and service bureaus, as well as to associations, non-profit organizations, telephony companies, and government markets through a direct sales force. The company was formerly known as Information Gateways, Inc. and changed its name to TruePoint, Inc. in August 1998. TruePoint, Inc. was founded in 1993 and is based in Fairfax, Virginia.
Detailed Description


10306 Eaton PlaceSuite 220Fairfax, VA 22030United StatesFounded in 1993



Phone: 703-591-3990








Key Executives for TruePoint, Inc.




Mr. Walter Wilowatyj


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Charles B. Ford Jr.


      	Chief Financial Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact TruePoint, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Utility Billing Software | CIS Software | TruePoint Solutions































CMAS Contract # 3-16-70-3278A | GSA Contract # GS-35F-025BA









 Home 
 About 

Products

TrueBill
TrueAIM


 Services 
News & Events 
 Blog 
 Contact
 Contact
 Login










   


Software, Services and Solutions for Local Government.




   


Software, Services and Solutions for Local Government.




   


Software, Services and Solutions for Local Government.



     










Our Clients




Meridian, Idaho


NOAA - NMS


Alameda Fire Dept, CA


Napa County, CA


City of Ontario, CA


City of Alameda, CA


Cobb County, GA


Gwinnett County Fire Marshall, GA


Gwinnett County, GA


City of Clearwater, FL


Town of Paradise, CA


Tahoe Regional Planning Agency


Pinal County, AZ


Mesa County, CO


City of McAllen, TX


Lower Tule River Irrigation District


El Dorado Irrigation District


Delano Earlimart Irrigation District


County of Sacramento, CA


City of Sacramento, CA


City of Peoria, AZ


Weld County, CO


Truckee Meadows Water Authority, CA


Stanislaus County, CA


South San Joaquin Irrigation District, CA


Solano Irrigation District, CA


Santa Barbara County, CA


San Diego County, CA


San Benito County Water District, CA


Roosevelt Irrigation District, AZ


Pixley Irrigation District, CA


Pinal County, AZ


Oklahoma City, OK


Modesto Irrigation District, CA


Martin County, FL


Marion County Health Dept, IN


Maricopa County, AZ


King County, WA


Imperial Irrigation District, CA


Hohokam Irrigation & Drainage District, AZ


Elk Grove Water District, CA


DC OSSE


Clackamas County, OR


City of Virginia Beach, VA


City of Tigard, OR


City of Reno, NV


City of Pleasanton, CA


City of Pleasant Hill, CA


City of Palo Alto, CA


City of Martinez, CA


City of Los Gatos, CA


City of Indianapolis, IN


City of Indianapolis & Marion County, IN


City of Hesperia, CA


City of Grass Valley, CA


City of Fort Collins, CO


City of Baltimore, MD


City of Atlanta, GA


City & County of Denver, CO


Central California Irrigation District, CA


Buena Park, CA


Bexar County, TX


Adams County, CO


City of Watertown, WI


State of Oregon


Kennewick Irr. Dist., WA


City of Missoula, MT


City of Cleveland, OH


City of Lincoln, NE


City of Corvallis, OR


City of Horseshoe Bay, TX


Contra Costa County, CA


City of Walnut Creek, CA


City of Roseville, CA


City of Maryland Heights, MO


City of Asheville, NC


City of Westminster, CO


Elephant Butte ID, NM


New Cache Irr. Co., CO


Larimer & Weld Irr Co, CO


Owyhee Irrigation District, OR


So. San Joaquin Muni Util Dist, CA


City of Grand Rapids, MI


City of Concord, CA


City of Omaha, NE


City of Rochester, MN


City of Stockton, CA


NOAA - NMS


Alameda Fire Dept, CA


Napa County, CA


City of Ontario, CA


City of Alameda, CA


Cobb County, GA


Gwinnett County Fire Marshall, GA


Gwinnett County, GA


City of Clearwater, FL


Palmdale Water District, CA














TruePoint™ Products
 TrueBill™, our browser-based CIS/Utility Billing solution and TrueAIM, our Agricultural Irrigation Management solutions are  based on a service oriented architecture platform, and the most current  Microsoft™  .Net technology. These applications were designed with Web Services integration in mind and can be deployed locally or in the cloud.
Learn More



TruePoint™ Services
 We offer the expertise and experience clients need to ensure successful IT implementations that streamline business processes, capture data & information that allows for strategic planning, budgeting and more efficient operations.
Learn More









Focused Industry Expertise
Each member of TruePoint’s staff averages more than 15 years of experience in the Municipal IT software and services industry.  This experience gives us a unique perspective on the industry.  From our Utility Billing solutions, to Asset Management system integrations to Building Permit and Licensing implementations, our background and our ability to execute are unmatched in the industry.  Just ask our customers!
“The result has been an overwhelming success in terms of cost reduction, increased efficiency, and improved customer satisfaction.”
Angie Nelson, Laurens County Water and Sewer Commission


 










Recent News











Uncompahgre Water Users Association, CO selects TruePoint Solutions
The Uncompahgre Project, operated by the Uncompahgre Valley Water Users Association (UVWUA), is located on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains in west-central Colorado. Project lands surround the..
Read More
 
 



























Implementation Services Accela, Lucity, Infor | TruePoint Solutions































CMAS Contract # 3-16-70-3278A | GSA Contract # GS-35F-025BA









 Home 
 About 

Products

TrueBill
TrueAIM


 Services 
News & Events 
 Blog 
 Contact
 Contact
 Login










   


 
What We Provide










 
Implementation Services
TruePoint Solutions offers the expertise and experience clients need to ensure successful IT implementations, to streamline business processes and to capture data and information that allows for strategic planning, budgeting and more efficient day-to-day operations.

 











Our support



 


 We know that providing superior customer support is a very high priority component of our success. By building strong, dedicated partnerships with our customers, TruePoint can provide the best support in the software industry.
        

Learn More About Us 


 








 
Strategic Partners
 
 






Accela Inc.
TruePoint Solutions is a certified implementation partner for Accela Inc. and all Accela products. The combination of Accela’s enterprise software solutions and TruePoint’s experience in implementing government solutions empowers local government agencies to reduce workload, increase efficiencies, and provide their citizens and staff with easier, more convenient access to government services.
Systems Integrators like TruePoint bring extensive industry and product specific experience to the Accela implementation process, providing a valuable and rewarding experience to our clients. TruePoint has been a strategic partner working with  Accela since early 2005. Nearly 100 successful Accela related services engagements have made TruePoint Solutions the ‘go to’ partner for implementing and servicing your agency’s suite of Accela products. 
accela.com
 
 
 

Cityworks Integration
Empowering GIS™ for Asset Management and more!
Since 1996, Cityworks® has been streamlining the way agencies manage public infrastructure and property by combining the asset geodatabase with the business logic of agencies that care for infrastructure and property. An authoritative resource and system of record, Cityworks elevates Esri®’s ArcGIS® Location Platform specifically to manage workflow, schedule resources and prioritize activities—saving time and improving operational efficiencies. Time-tested and proven technology, Cityworks is empowering GIS® at more than 500 organizations around the world. 
cityworks.com
 
 
 

Element Payment Services
Leading the way in PCI DSS compliant payment processing.
Element Payment Services is the industry leader in Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) compliant payment processing solutions to offer customers fully integrated, secure and cost-effective payment processing available through TruePoint Solutions’ TrueBill Utility Billing Application. Capture every sale with easy-to-use, reliable payment processing solutions that simplify card payment acceptance and reduce the risk associated with handling cardholder data. The state-of-the-art Element Express Processing Platform supports your credit processing needs allowing you to easily comply with PCI DSS requirements.
elementps.com
 
 
 

Infor Public Sector
TruePoint Solutions’ direct software experience with the Infor Public Sector product is unsurpassed, hands down. No other company in the world can claim as much. Infor Public Sector provides agencies the power to cut costs, get the information they need, when they need it, in order to comply with a constantly growing list of regulations and requirements to better manage infrastructure.
Discover how to see clearly into all areas of your agency and improve service to your citizens with Infor’s Public Sector software.
infor.com/industries/publicsector/
 
 
 

Selectron
Selectron Interactive Voice Response (IVR) and web solutions offload routine customer calls that demand staff time and tie up phone lines. Your customers can call or go online at their convenience to check their utility accounts or make payments. Using automated outbound messaging, you can proactively communicate with them about billing, service delivery, or appointment issues. Selectron’s mobile suite gives you the tools to better manage your field workers and empowers them with robust applications for more effectively maintaining your assets.
selectrontechnologies.com
 
 

 


DigEplan
Integrated electronic plan review. DigEplan enables a digital case driven review of documents in various formats by multiple departments – increasing efficiency and turnaround times for plan reviews. DigEplan integrates directly with the Accela documents tab and workflows, improves service performance during the application approval process, makes it easy to do business with citizens and  contractors while eliminating the need for paper plans and storage costs. 
DigEplan requires no database installation, no desktop files to be installed, supports native CAD files, allows simultaneous review and mark-ups and the creation of custom built intelligent stamps
digeplan.com

 
 
 
 

e-PlanSoft
Located in Southern California, e-PlanSoft was founded by principals of an award-winning Architectural-Engineering firm with decades of plan review and inspection experience in the construction design industry. 
Our patented and feature-rich products promote systems integration and significantly reduce the costs associated with paper plan reviews. Our paperless process protects the the environment by reducing carbon waste and allows agencies to better manage their customers' workload. 
eplansoft.com
 
 
 

Esri Silver Partner
Esri is a software development and services company providing Geographic Information System (GIS) software and geodatabase management applications. Esri’s shared geographic approach is greater than any one particular view of Earth. Equipped with the best information and analysis, it’s a way to know more, to dive deeper and to explore the challenges facing our built and natural environments. Esri partners are social, economic, business, and environmental leaders throughout the world. These are decision makers who share Esri’s conviction for more responsible and sustainable solutions to problems at local and global scales.  The Esri Partner Network (EPN) emblem identifies partners as part of a global community, managed jointly by Esri and Esri distributors. The EPN emblem represents the success of two companies working together.
esri.com
 
 
 

Lucity
TruePoint Solutions is a certified implementer for Lucity. TruePoint provides a complete list of services including project management, data conversion, interface development and training. Lucity is software for public works, offering solutions and support for hundreds of agencies and thousands of users nationwide. Lucity provide clients with clarity, through the connections the software makes and the connections we develop personally. Public works agencies need intuitive solutions that are flexible to their needs, stable and powerful yet accessible and innovative.
lucity.com
 
 









Additional TruePoint Services





Application Development
All organizations have unique and specific needs that might not be available in off-the-shelf software products. Our experience allows us to create the solution that specifically meets the needs of your organization.
 






Project Management
TruePoint’s project managers have managed successful software implementation projects for State and Local government organizations throughout North America. In addition to following standard project management methodologies our project managers also have many years of software development and implementation experience that will make the difference in your project.
 






Business Process Review
This service focuses on the redesign of strategic, value-added business processes as well as operational workflows and the systems, policies, and organizational structures that support them within an organization.
 






Requirements/needs Analysis
This service provides an initial evaluation of a potential client’s strategic, business and technical requirements in preparation for an IT solution. It identifies key business practices and operations workflows, as well as functional and technical requirements and potential process improvements. Included is identification of a project concept/scope, business needs and/or requirements, feasibility and associated business and technical risks as well as recommendations for project structures, resources, timelines and initial project plans.
 






 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Truepoint Inc                                                                                                            - Blue Ash                                          , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Blue Ash



Management Consulting Services



Financial Consultant



                            Truepoint Inc
                                    



 





















T 


Truepoint Inc                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4901 HUNT RD STE 200 BLUE ASH, OH 45242
Get Directions



(513) 792-6648
www.truepointia.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 1990
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,862,231.00
 Employee Count 27
 Industries Financial Consultant
 Contacts Michael J Chasnoff                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Truepoint Inc                                                                                                            was founded in 1990. Truepoint Inc                                                                                                            specializes in Financial Consultant. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Wealth Management & Financial Advisors - Truepoint Wealth Counsel
















































































Client Login





Truepoint Wealth CounselTrue Fiduciary GuidanceHome




                True Wealth Management
            



Re-imagining wealth management as truly independent, intellectually honest and authentically personal.






                TRUEPOINT IN THE NEWS
            





14Jul

How Much of Your Company’s Stock Is Too Much?
Truepoint mentioned in Wall Street Journal article.
more >



5Jun

Top Workplaces in Cincinnati
Cincinnati Enquirer lists Truepoint as one of the top 55 small companies in Cincinnati.
more >









                Truepoint Viewpoint
            





 Viewpoints






Finding Opportunities for Growth During Times of Change


Christine L. Carleton, CFP®
June 5, 2017





At the 2017 Ladies Luncheon, we discussed how the changes we experience in our lives present unique opportunities for growth.
more >






Exercising Stock Options: Key Financial Planning Considerations


Christopher J. Hennekes, CFP®
May 2, 2017





Valuing and exercising stock options can be complicated, and any decision to exercise an option should be made in a broader financial planning context.
more >






No Crystal Ball Required – An Evidence-Based Approach to Stock Options


Brad Felix, CFA
April 18, 2017





At Truepoint, we take an integrated approach to stock options – combining each specialty area into a unique recommendation for each of our clients.
more >



More Viewpoints



Subscribe to Our Blog






                Is it too soon
            



To Teach Your Kids About Money?
Find the Answer >






                OUR INVESTMENT APPROACH
            










Evidence-Based





Evidence-Based

Decades of evidence confirm the extreme difficulty of beating the market .









Emotionally Intelligent





Emotionally Intelligent

Investor behavior is often the primary determinant of long-term returns.









Proven





Proven

The evidence is clear – buy-hold-rebalance beats predictive and emotional.









Tax-Informed





Tax-Informed

A comprehensive plan aligned to your goals.









Long Term





Long Term

Focused on the long term and based on what is proven to work.









Truly Independent





Truly Independent

A proud legacy of independence and fiduciary responsibility.




Learn how Truepoint’s investing approach can help you gain confidence and take control of your financial future.

Investment Philosophy

Investment Track Record







                Who We Are
            




Founded
In 1990
One of the area’s first fee-only firms

True Fiduciaries
Always have been, always will be

100%
Employee Owned
Client-to-employee ratio of 19:1 (industry average 28:1)




Truepoint Wealth Counsel, LLC4901 Hunt Road Suite 200 Cincinnati, OH 45242 513.792.6648  or 800.792.6648 
SEC Documents
Sitemap
Client Login





×
Subscribe to the Truepoint Bulletin






First NameLast NameEmail*EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
















