






True Ventures
























 












Skip to content


True Ventures








 

Ayah Bdeir, littleBits Founder. Funded by True in 2012.


Ayah Bdeir is teaching people to tinker, code and invent.




 

Dug Song and Jon Oberheide, Duo Security Co-Founders. Funded by True in 2010.


Dug Song and Jon Oberheide are making world-class security enjoyable to use.




 

Luke Kanies, Puppet Founder. Funded by True in 2009.


Luke Kanies is changing the delivery and operation of the software that powers everything around us.







We invest in Founders of movements and products that capture the imagination.

            We believe our job as venture capitalists is to magnify the creative power of entrepreneurs through relationships, education and resources essential to their success. We invest in entrepreneurship that encompasses all walks of life, and believe in the democratization of innovation as a powerful force for global good.          



                  Read the Blog                



                  Meet our Team                



                  Visit our Portfolio                



                  True University                







            We believe in innovative and exciting companies like these...          



  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  






 
True Entrepreneur Corps 
True Entrepreneur Corps is a summer Fellowship for undergraduates delivering hands-on experience at high-growth startups.



 
Priya Haji Fellowship 
The Priya Haji Fellowship helps recent college graduates kickstart their careers in the startup world.














      True Venture Partners Ii, L.l.c. - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Insider Trading > True Venture Partners Ii, L.l.c.
				> Profile    True Venture Partners Ii, L.l.c.    Profile Insider Purchases Insider Sales News      Affiliations  Large Shareholder at Fitbit Inc (FIT), 2017-02-24     Insider Trading: Sales See All      Company Symbol Price Amount Relationship Remaining Holdings Date Form 4    Fitbit Inc FIT $8.13 460,000 Large Shareholder 0 2016-12-05 Filing   Fitbit Inc FIT $8.23 400,000 Large Shareholder 0 2016-12-02 Filing   Fitbit Inc FIT $28.13 1,077,957 Large Shareholder 0 2015-12-09 Filing   Fitbit Inc FIT $28.13 3,782,381 Large Shareholder 0 2015-11-18 Filing   Fitbit Inc FIT $18.80 3,133,707 Large Shareholder 0 2015-06-23 Filing                Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.             






True Founders & CEOs – True Ventures

























 














Skip to content


True Ventures







True Founders & CEOs 

We love to work with visionary, passionate, creative Founders who look at the world and see a better tomorrow. We are inspired by big, long-term thinking. We like bold ideas and daring plans. We gravitate toward Founders of movements who aspire to build market-leading products and are capable of leading the next industrial revolution. Meet the brilliant Founders and CEOs in the True portfolio.




















Contact True – True Ventures
























 














Skip to content


True Ventures






Contact True

          We are based in Silicon Valley, and we make investments anywhere great people are starting promising companies. We put the full weight of our resources, advisors, and team behind our portfolio; we’re in it for the long haul.        




 

More venture, less capital.
















San Francisco

              27 South Park Street                            
              San Francisco              , CA              94107            
Palo Alto

              575 High Street                            
              Palo Alto              , CA              94301            


Phone

            Phone: (650) 319-2150
            Fax: (650) 330-7330          
Mail

                          True Ventures              
                          575 High Street              
                          Suite 400              
                          Palo Alto, CA 94301              

Press Inquiries

            press@trueventures.com          




















Our Strategy – True Ventures

























 














Skip to content


True Ventures







Our Strategy 

True was founded to serve the needs of early stage entrepreneurs.
True was born in 2005 out of a simple vision: create a new kind of venture capital firm that focuses on supporting the earliest stage Founders and their teams. Our collective experience has taught us that the most important ingredient to a startup’s success is the entrepreneur.
“True” means alignment.
Truing a bicycle wheel brings everything into alignment. We named our firm “True” because we started with the ambition to realign the entire venture capital industry to be more focused on our customers: entrepreneurs. We believe our job as VCs is to magnify the creative power of entrepreneurs.
We believe in the power of community and education.
From the beginning, we committed to providing the Founders in our portfolio with resources to empower their employees, families and communities. We have developed a communication platform and several unique educational opportunities for our Founders and their teams.
We believe in capital efficiency.
More venture; less capital. We strive to take bolder risks earlier. Often, these don’t require “big” dollars, and in our experience, too much capital early on can constrain creativity. Our funds are designed to provide the appropriate first check and follow early success with significant follow-on investments. At True, we may start small, but we never think small.
Our strategy dictates our fund size.
We are focused on what we see as the most promising stage of entrepreneurial creativity and return potential: seed and Series A. With approximately $900 million under management, our four funds are small enough to invest at these levels, but big enough to support our companies throughout their entire lifecycle.
We target meaningful ownership positions.
We like to be the first institutional investor in our companies, and we target initial investments of $1-2 million. As a result, we are often the largest outside shareholder in the company until exit. Across all three of our active funds, our median initial investment is $1.4 million, and our median post-deal ownership is 20%.
Our relationships are everything.
Over the past 20 years, we have developed deep relationships with the Founders, CEOs and partners with whom we have had the privilege to work. This network of trusted friends and colleagues provides the source of the most promising opportunities and valuable insights. Nearly half of the opportunities we invest in are Founder-sourced.
Our business is based on mutual respect and trust.
We put the full weight of our resources, advisors and team behind our companies. We’re in it for the long haul.




















Priya Haji Fellowship – True Ventures

























 














Skip to content


True Ventures







Priya Haji Fellowship 


WHAT IS THE PRIYA HAJI FELLOWSHIP?
True Ventures’ Priya Haji Fellowship is a program for new college graduates—particularly women—seeking their first full-time startup jobs. Fellows are paired with companies in the True Ventures portfolio in the San Francisco Bay Area, with whom they work for nine months. During their Fellowships, program participants will develop foundational skills to help them build careers in high-growth technology startups.
To complement their startup experience, the Fellows gather periodically as a group with us at True for dinner and conversation. We are reminded every day that it’s not just what you know that matters; it’s also who you know. So, we are excited to plug the Fellows into the True ecosystem to help them get to know Founders and other members of our network and begin to build their own professional networks.
WHY DOES THE FELLOWSHIP EXIST?
We created this program to help new college graduates kickstart their careers in the startup world. Additionally, we are proud to honor the program’s inspiration, Priya Haji. A four-time entrepreneur, Priya was committed to building companies that made the world a better place, including SaveUp, in which True was an investor from 2011 until its 2014 acquisition. We celebrate Priya’s legacy and share her commitment to mentorship and making a positive impact.
WHO IS THE FELLOWSHIP DESIGNED FOR?
The Fellowship is open to students completing their undergraduate studies in the spring of 2016 or 2017. We are looking for curious and enthusiastic graduates of all majors with a passion for technology and entrepreneurship. While the Fellowship will be open to all, we expect at least half of the participants to be female. We recognize our obligation to train the next generation of entrepreneurs and hope to help young women in particular who, like Priya, are inspired by technology’s potential to create change for good and could benefit from access to our network. Trans women, genderqueer, cisgender and non-binary applicants are welcome.
We do not accept applications from students who have yet to complete their undergraduate degrees, or those currently enrolled in graduate studies. Undergraduates we hope will consider our True Entrepreneur Corps fellowship, which has run every summer since 2009.
WHEN AND WHERE DOES THE FELLOWSHIP TAKE PLACE?
The Priya Haji Fellowship will run from the beginning of September 2017 to the end of May 2018. All Fellows are paired with True Ventures companies in the San Francisco Bay Area and will be expected to live and work in or near San Francisco.
HOW DO I BECOME A PRIYA HAJI FELLOW?
Please visit our application page, where you can find all instructions and application materials. If you have questions or comments about the program, please contact us at PHF [at] trueventures [dot] com.




















Portfolio – True Ventures

























 














Skip to content


True Ventures






Portfolio

          Each of our companies share important characteristics: an emphasis on long-term market leadership, the goal to build products that capture the imagination, and the desire to have a broad and lasting impact. Meet the inspiring companies in the True portfolio.        






Fitbit Goes Public!

              Congratulations to James Park and Eric Friedman on Fitbit's June 18, 2015 IPO. We were the first venture investor in Fitbit in 2008, and we're thrilled for the success of the Founders, the company and the entire team.            


                  Fitbit's Site                



 


Recent Acquisitions



  
Acquired on December 22, 2016 by

  



  
Acquired on December 14, 2016 by

  



  
Acquired on February 25, 2016 by

  



  
Acquired on July 10, 2015 by

  



  
Acquired on November 17, 2014 by

  



  
Acquired on November 11, 2014 by

  

See Our Past Investments

Recent Investments



  

Design and evolve your network like software, rapidly and confidently, without fear of outages, breaches and compliance violations.


company site








  

Cloud-based submission management platform used to accept, review and make decisions on any kind of digital content.


company site
blog







  

Teamable is an employee referral and hiring platform that transforms social networks into high-performance talent pools.


company site
blog






See Our Portfolio



















The True Team – True Ventures
























 














Skip to content


True Ventures






The True Team

          Our team has worked together for over a decade. Serial entrepreneurs ourselves, True partners have collectively founded 14 startups. We know tech, and we know what it’s like to be a Founder. We are focused on what we see as the most promising stage of entrepreneurial creativity and return potential: Seed stage and Series A investments.        





 
                Puneet Agarwal



 
                Lina Bhula



 
                Phil Black



 
                Joyce Bremer



 
                Jon Callaghan



 
                Tony Conrad



 
                Adam D’Augelli



 
                Stephanie Duran



 
                Jyri Engestrom



 
                LaTrisha Hollines



 
                Ulrike Kellmereit



 
                Om Malik



 
                Amanda Mann



 
                Lydia Morrison



 
                Lauren Oesterle



 
                Emily Rabbitt



 
                Kevin Rose



 
                Toni Schneider



 
                Rohit Sharma



 
                Jim Stewart



 
                Amy Tusman



 
                Priscilla Tyler



 
                Brooke Van Natta



 
                Jeff Veen



 
                Christiaan Vorkink



 
                Ann Crady Weiss



 
                Nathan Yamamoto




Special Advisors



 
                Amy Errett



 
                Lars Nilsson
















True Venture Partners II, L.L.C. - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











True Venture Partners II, L.L.C.
Check out list of companies and businesses related to True Venture Partners II, L.L.C.. Find out True Venture Partners II, L.L.C. address and contact details. View other people related to True Venture Partners II, L.L.C. - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

530 LYTTON AVE., SUITE 303  PALO ALTO 94301 CA




Companies related to True Venture Partners II, L.L.C.
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001447599FITBIT INC10% Owner 405 HOWARD STREET  SAN FRANCISCO 94105




True Venture Partners II, L.L.C. on the Web
Persons related to True Venture Partners II, L.L.C. - FITBIT INCNamePositionCityLAURA  ALBERDirector Missan  AndySan FranciscoMarc  Benioff10% Owner SAN FRANCISCOPhilip Douglas  Black10% Owner PALO ALTOFeld  BradSan FranciscoFeld  BradBoulderFeld  BradSan FranciscoFeld  BradSan FranciscoJON  CALLAGHANDirector PALO ALTOPaisley  ChristopherSan FranciscoJean-Francois  Clavier10% Owner PALO ALTOJeffrey P  DevineEVP of Operations SUNNYVALEScal  EdwardSan FranciscoFriedman  EricSan FranciscoFriedman  EricSan FranciscoFriedman  EricSan FranciscoFriedman  EricSan FranciscoBRADLEY A  FELDPALO ALTOFelicis Ventures GP II, LLCPALO ALTOFelicis Ventures II, L.P.10% Owner PALO ALTOGLENDA  FLANAGANDirector Foundry Group Select Fund, L.P.BOULDERFoundry Select Fund GP, LLCBOULDERFoundry Venture 2007, LLCBOULDERFoundry Venture Capital 2007, L.P.10% Owner BOULDERERIC N.  FRIEDMANCTO SAN FRANCISCOHartmann  HansgregorySan FranciscoHANSGREGORY C.  HARTMANNCOO SAN FRANCISCOPark  JamesSan FranciscoPark  JamesSan FranciscoPark  JamesSan FranciscoPark  JamesSan FranciscoCallaghan  JonPalo AltoCallaghan  JonSan FranciscoCallaghan  JonSan FranciscoCallaghan  JonathanSan FranciscoSeth  LevineBOULDERNINO NIKOLA  MARAKOVICPALO ALTORYAN A  MCINTYREBOULDERJASON A  MENDELSONBOULDERANDY  MISSANEVP, GC, & SECRETARY SAN FRANCISCOSTEVEN JOSEPH  MURRAYDirector NEWTONCHRISTOPHER B  PAISLEYDirector JAMES  PARKPRESIDENT, CEO, COB SAN FRANCISCOTIMOTHY M.  ROBERTSEVP, INTERACTIVE SAN FRANCISCOSAP Ventures Fund I, L.P.PALO ALTOSapphire Ventures (GPE) I, L.L.C.10% Owner PALO ALTOEDWARD M.  SCALCHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER SAN FRANCISCOAydin  SenkutPALO ALTOSoftBank PrinceVille Investments, L.P.10% Owner NEWTONSoftTech VC II, L.L.C.PALO ALTOSoftTech VC II LPPALO ALTOSoftTech VC III, L.L.C.PALO ALTOSoftTech VC III, L.P.PALO ALTOMurray  SteveSan FranciscoMurray  SteveSan FranciscoRoberts  TimothySan FranciscoTrue Ventures II-A, L.P.PALO ALTOTrue Ventures II, L.P.PALO ALTOZerella  WilliamSan FranciscoWILLIAM  ZERELLACFO SAN JOSE












 








Skyline Ventures























Skyline Ventures, formed in 1997, is a nationally-known 
        venture capital firm that specializes in investing in outstanding product-focused 
        healthcare companies. Our areas of expertise include small molecule and 
        protein therapeutics; medical devices; diagnostics; and technologies that 
        facilitate drug discovery and life science research. We all have MD or 
        PhD degrees, and hands-on operating experience in various start-up healthcare 
        companies that later went public. As a result, we are known for the value 
        we offer our companies, as board members and shareholders. We are also 
        known for being fundamental, extremely patient investors...











 










Our  investment professionals 
        have complementary skills and backgrounds. All have M.D. or Ph.D. degrees, 
        several have business degrees, and all have senior operating experience 
        in successful venture-backed startups in the sectors that Skyline covers...









HomeAbout UsOur TeamOur PortfolioWhat We Look ForContact Us

2012 Copyright © Skyline Management LLC


web 
            design by 




















Emergent Medical Partners - Life Science Funding











Investor portal





Beyond Funding
Expertise in the financial, medical, and engineering facets of the medical device approval process, enables Emergent Medical Partners to provide early-stage life science entrepreneurs accelerated opportunities for success.







Leadership Team
A diverse and experienced team of professionals with experience identifying, and bringing to market, innovative medical devices.


Thomas J. Fogarty, M.D. Managing Director





Dr. Thomas J. Fogarty is an internationally recognized cardiovascular surgeon, inventor, entrepreneur, and investor. He has been involved with a wide spectrum of innovations in business and technology, serving as founder/co-founder, and Chairman/board member of over 30 medical device companies, the majority based on devices designed and developed by Fogarty Engineering, Inc. Dr. Fogarty has published approximately 180 scientific articles and textbook chapters in fields of general and cardiovascular surgery, and is the author or co-author of more than 125 patents and patent applications. His patents include the “industry standard” Fogarty balloon embolectomy catheter (now owned by Edwards Lifesciences), and the widely used Aneurx Stent Graft (now owned by Medtronic). Dr. Fogarty is the recipient of countless awards and honors; most significantly, he is the recipient of the Presidential National Medal  of Technology and Innovation 2014,  Jacobson Innovation Award of the American College of Surgeons, the 2000 Lemelson-MIT prize for Invention and Innovation and was inducted into the Inventors Hall of Fame in December 2001. Dr. Fogarty is currently Clinical Professor of Surgery at Stanford University. Previously, he has held positions as President, Medical Staff at Stanford University Medical Center, and Director, Cardiovascular Surgery at Sequoia Medical Center. Dr. Fogarty was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and received his undergraduate education at Xavier University and his medical degree from the University of Cincinnati. He completed his residency at the University of Oregon. Dr. Fogarty was a founder and general partner of Three Arch Partners, and a general partner in five successive Three Arch venture funds.




Robert Brownell Managing Director





Mr. Robert Brownell is an experienced attorney, executive and investor.  He has a broad range of business development, legal and management experience. With over 20 years of counseling life sciences companies from formation to maturity, Mr. Brownell has a wealth of experience that benefits portfolio companies. Before joining Emergent Medical Partners, he was a partner at MedVenture Associates, a medtech venture capital firm. Prior to becoming a venture capitalist, Mr. Brownell was Vice President and General Counsel of TheraSense, Inc., where he was a key member of the company’s management team. He joined TheraSense while it was still a private company after serving as its outside counsel since its initial incorporation. Mr. Brownell left TheraSense following its acquisition and integration with Abbott Laboratories. Prior to TheraSense Mr. Brownell was a corporate and securities partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, where he worked for twelve years following law school. His practice focused on the representation of technology companies from their earliest stages with an emphasis on life sciences companies. Mr. Brownell received his J.D. from UCLA Law School and has a B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley.




Kirt Kirtland Managing Director





Mr. Kirt Kirtland is an experienced CEO, medical device management professional, and investor.  With over 25 years of medical device experience and over 15 years of CEO experience, Mr. Kirtland supports portfolio companies with a strong understanding of the clinical, operational, legal, and financial aspects of growing life science companies.   Prior to serving as CEO of a variety of medical devices companies, Mr. Kirtland held a variety of medical device management roles in operations, marketing, engineering and sales.  Mr. Kirtland’s expansive medical device management experience includes a wide array of specialties including orthopedics, gynecology, urology, cardiology, gastroenterology and otolaryngology.   Mr. Kirtland has negotiated acquisitions, served as a board member and observer at portfolio companies, and sourced and investigated investments in conjunction with other partners.  Mr. Kirtland received his M.B.A. from Stanford University School of Business and his B.S. in biology from Stanford University.  Mr. Kirtland is a Retired Captain in US Navy.





CONTACT
We welcome your questions and feedback about Emergent Medical Partners, our investment portfolio, and/or our partnership opportunities.

Emergent Medical Partners
205 South Drive, Suite B Mountain View, CA 94040
Phone: 650 851-0091
Fax: 650 851-0095
Email Us














HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS II, L.L.C. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS II, L.L.C.











Company number L01000004791
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 651091548
        

Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 3/7/2006
        

Date Of Incorporation 3/28/2001
        

Principal Address
            777 BRICKELL AVE., SUITE 1010, MIAMI, FL, 33131
            


Mailing Address 777 BRICKELL AVE., SUITE 1010, MIAMI, FL, 33131
        
HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS II, L.L.C. Principals

M, G, R, M
                Henriquez Raul
                 


Address
                777 BRICKELL AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33131
                 



M, G, R, M
                Henriquez Victor
                 


Address
                777 BRICKELL AVENUE, SUITE 1010, MIAMI, FL, 33131
                 







Last Annual Reports

2006 2/27/2006
            

2006 2/27/2006
            

2005 4/14/2005
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name HENRIQUEZ           RAUL (p)
        

Agent Address
                777 BRICKELL AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33131
                

HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS II, L.L.C. Events

1 LC VOLUNTARY        DISSOLUTION
            

filedDate 3/7/2006
            

Description
HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS II, L.L.C. has been set up 3/28/2001 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS II, L.L.C. principal adress is 777 BRICKELL AVE., SUITE 1010, MIAMI, FL, 33131. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 777 BRICKELL AVE., SUITE 1010, MIAMI, FL, 33131. 
The company`s registered agent is HENRIQUEZ           RAUL 777 BRICKELL AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33131.  
The company`s management are M, G, R, M - Henriquez Raul, M, G, R, M - Henriquez Victor. The last significant event in the company history is LC VOLUNTARY        DISSOLUTION which is dated by 3/7/2006. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 2/27/2006.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS IV, L.L.C.
HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC
HENCORP VENTURE PARTNERS V, L.L.C.
HENCO SHOES, INC.
HENCO USA, LLC
HENCO WORLD ENTERPRISES, INC.


















Home
































































About Us
Investments

Angel Investments
Versatile Sports
Venture Funds I & II 



Contact 









Entrepreneurs for Entrepreneurs | 847-681-1270 











  













Investing In Talented And Passionate Entrepreneurs
Early Stage Venture Capital
Sports and Golf Investments
Legacy Venture Funds
• Technology Products/Services
• Medical Products/Services
• Industrial Technology
• Commercial Real Estate
• Consumer Products/Services
• Sports Related Businesses
• Golf Industry—Real Estate,
   Products, and Services
• Retail Concepts
• Training Facilities and Academies
• Fitness, Nutrition, and Wellness
• Traditional venture capital
   funds providing early
   stage capital for
   technology companies.

Versatile Sports Partners


Angel Investments


Venture Funds I & II























KB Partners, LLC is a suburban Chicago based investment firm established in 1996 to make investments in a variety of angel funded and venture capital opportunities.
KB's objective is to build dominant new enterprises by working in partnership with talented entrepreneurs and experienced managers. 






 
































PatchPump® is the most size efficient and scalable delivery product for injectable drugs because:
One single ECell design acts as both the power source and the driving mechanism for the whole range of drug volumes and viscosities; The volume of the drug container is easily changed without fundamental changes to the technology. 

















 
[ Current Angel Investment ] 
























KB Partners got its start in 1996 by making a series of angel investments in order to establish a track record and name for itself. It has since raised two early stage technology oriented traditional venture capital funds, KB Partners Venture Fund I and KB Partners Venture Fund II, from a group of high net worth individuals and institutional investors. Both funds have been fully invested and company Founder Keith Bank is now investing personal capital in individual deals in combination with a variety of co-investors, in lieu of raising any additional institutional venture funds. KB is also actively involved in Versatile Sports Partners, a Chicago based firm created to pursue select investment opportunities in the sports and golf industries, along with select real estate situations.
At our core, we are entrepreneurs with a passion for building great companies. We've been in the operating trenches before and recognize that building and growing early stage companies is as much art as science. No business plan or financial forecast can prepare an entrepreneur for the myriad of situations that will be faced when starting and building a company. However, experience can be the difference between exponential growth and severe growing pains.
KB Partners has a proven track record of helping young companies transform themselves into market leaders. We have faced many of the issues confronted regularly by the entrepreneurs we back. Accordingly, our ability to apply our own operating experiences to these challenges enables us to provide hands-on assistance with all aspects of an organization. 






 
































Early Stage Venture Capital
• Technology Products/Services• Medical Products/Services• Industrial Technology• Commercial Real Estate• Consumer Products/Services 











		
					 Angel Investments 				
	
 










Sports and Golf Investments
• Sports Related Businesses• Golf Industry—Real Estate, Products,
and Services• Retail Concepts• Training Facilities and Academies• Fitness, Nutrition, and Wellness 











		
					 Versatile Sports Partners  				
	
 










Legacy Venture Funds
• Traditional venture capital funds providing early stage capital for technology companies. 











		
					 Venture Funds I & II 				
	
 








KB Partners, LLC is a suburban Chicago based investment firm established in 1996 to make investments in a variety of angel funded and venture capital opportunities.
KB's objective is to build dominant new enterprises by working in partnership with talented entrepreneurs and experienced managers. 









		
					 About Us 				
	
 

		
					 Contact Us 				
	
 




 
































PatchPump® is the most size efficient and scalable delivery product for injectable drugs because:
One single ECell design acts as both the power source and the driving mechanism for the whole range of drug volumes and viscosities; The volume of the drug container is easily changed without fundamental changes to the technology. 

















 
[ Current Angel Investment ] 






















KB Partners got its start in 1996 by making a series of angel investments in order to establish a track record and name for itself. It has since raised two early stage technology oriented traditional venture capital funds, KB Partners Venture Fund I and KB Partners Venture Fund II, from a group of high net worth individuals and institutional investors. Both funds have been fully invested and company Founder Keith Bank is now investing personal capital in individual deals in combination with a variety of co-investors, in lieu of raising any additional institutional venture funds. KB is also actively involved in Versatile Sports Partners, a Chicago based firm created to pursue select investment opportunities in the sports and golf industries, along with select real estate situations.
At our core, we are entrepreneurs with a passion for building great companies. We've been in the operating trenches before and recognize that building and growing early stage companies is as much art as science. No business plan or financial forecast can prepare an entrepreneur for the myriad of situations that will be faced when starting and building a company. However, experience can be the difference between exponential growth and severe growing pains.
KB Partners has a proven track record of helping young companies transform themselves into market leaders. We have faced many of the issues confronted regularly by the entrepreneurs we back. Accordingly, our ability to apply our own operating experiences to these challenges enables us to provide hands-on assistance with all aspects of an organization. 




 















HomeAbout UsInvestments
Angel InvestmentsVersatile Sports PartnersVenture Funds I & II Contact
About UsInvestments
Angel InvestmentsVersatile SportsVenture Funds I & II Contact


 




New Venture Partners LLC | 






















































×
New Venture Partners









 











 

New Venture Partners
A venture capital firm, collaborating with major corporations and R&D institutions on technology innovation, to build new companies.




View Video
 CASE STUDY




View Video
 CASE STUDY




View Video
 CASE STUDY




View Video
 CASE STUDY





 






About Us
With 20 years of experience, our team has founded and funded more than 60 ventures sourced from some of the world's great technology companies.  We began as the venture capital arm of Lucent's renowned Bell Labs in the mid-90's and became an independent venture firm in 2001.



What We Do

We invest in new ventures with proprietary technology. We take an active role in identifying candidate technologies, building great management teams and developing partnerships with major corporations.

LEARN MORE 



The Rationale

Corporations that invest heavily in R&D often lack channels to market for the opportunities they create. Strategic and financial rewards from commercializing innovations through venturing are often missed. Expertise and capital are needed.

LEARN MORE 



Corporate Partnership

New Venture Partners establishes close, long-term relationships with global technology corporations and other institutions to commercialize their technologies. We seek to leverage the corporate ecosystem to generate financial returns for the corporation and commercial advantage for the new venture.

LEARN MORE 








Our Team
Our founding team has been together for nearly 20 years of venture capital investing in concert with major global corporations.We are supported by a strategic advisory board of executives, academics, and statesmen.







Andrew Garman Managing Partner











Stephen Socolof Managing Partner










Tom Uhlman Managing Partner











Marc Rappoport Chief Financial Officer & Partner










Stephanie Petak Assistant Controller











Jane Dela Cruz Office Manager & Executive Assistant










Stewart Davies Chairman, Advisory Board











Sir Peter Bonfield Advisory Board Member










Henry W. Chesbrough Advisory Board Member











Sir Richard B. Dearlove Advisory Board Member










Paul M. Horn Advisory Board Member











Daniel C. Stanzione Sr. Advisory Board Member










Peter Wheeler Advisory Board Member










Our Portfolio
Our Case Studies



 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







Silicon Hive BV
Semiconductor tools that enable chip designers to make fully-programmable System-on-Chips (SoCs) for demanding applications.
LEARN MORE












Everspin Technologies
Everspin’s unique magnetic-based semiconductor memory technology (MRAM) is used for storage, communication, automotive and industrial applications which revolutionizes non-volatile memory by storing data using magnetic polarization rather than electric charge.
LEARN MORE












Flarion
Flarion’s Flash-OFDM mobile communications network technology demonstrated seamless mobile Internet access, enabling mobile operators to profitably offer low-cost, IP-based wireless broadband services. Flarion ran successful trials with several carriers throughout North America and Asia, Vodafone Group in Japan, T-Mobile in Europe, and Telstra in Australia, among others. In January 2006, Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) purchased Flarion for $805 million making it the second-largest venture backed company exit of that year. 
LEARN MORE












Celiant
Celiant Corporation (Celiant) designed, manufactured and sold power amplifiers and base station subsystems for 2G and 3G wireless systems. These power amplifiers resided in the base stations of mobile communication installations, enabling adequate signal strength to be transmitted for reception by mobile handsets.
LEARN MORE












GainSpan
GainSpan develops Wi-Fi semiconductor and software solutions that deliver the convenience, security and manageability benefits of Wi-Fi, along with 5-10 years of battery life needed for applications such as temperature monitoring for energy management, condition monitoring of industrial equipment, or street lighting for metro areas. Investors include Intel Capital, New Venture Partners, OVP Venture Partners and Sigma Partners.
LEARN MORE












AetherPal
AetherPal is transforming the support experience for mobile device customers. The world’s most respected mobile operators and device OEMs rely upon AetherPal’s Smart Care™ products to engage directly and authentically with customers to quickly resolve issues, augment device performance and improve productivity, resulting in satisfied customers, fewer device returns, and lower support costs.
The Smart Care™ suite supports all major mobile and computer platforms.  Powered by in-house developed patent-pending algorithms, we differentiate ourselves as a faster, lighter and more secure solution to remotely manage smart devices utilizing real-time data while ensuring complete user privacy. These characteristics of our products allow us to deliver a superior experience resulting in increased brand loyalty and fewer device returns while significantly reducing support costs.
AetherPal Inc., backed by leading venture capital firms, is based in New Jersey near New York City with offices in Chennai, India.
WEBSITE












BLiNQ Networks
BLiNQ Networks is the leading developer of intelligent non-line-of sight (NLOS) wireless backhaul systems for compact base stations that enable wireless carriers to address the growth in demand for capacity.  As wireless carriers increase the density of cell sites by deploying compact base stations that improve the capacity of wireless networks, operators will need cost-effective and intelligent backhaul systems to transport data to the core network. BLiNQ’s NLOS backhaul product is a point to multi-point backhaul network deployed in a cluster configuration in urban or suburban areas operating in licensed spectrum bands, such as 2.3/2.5/2.6 GHz or 3.5 GHz TDD bands.
WEBSITE












Brisbane Materials
Brisbane Materials aims to be the leading supplier of anti-reflective and anti-soiling coatings for solar and other applications. Born out of the University of Queensland in 2005, Brisbane Materials builds on six years and significant investment in technology and application experience. Longer term, Brisbane Materials will extend its unique room temperature and atmospheric pressure synthesis of glass and ceramic coatings to a wide variety of materials systems and applications.
WEBSITE












CrossFiber
CrossFiber develops and manufactures LiteSwitch™ Modules: flexible all-optical switching modules for a range of applications from ROADMs to automated fiber cross-connects. They re-invented every element of photonic switching, until we shrank size, packed performance and eliminated costly technologies.
 
WEBSITE












Everspin
Everspin Technologies is the global leader in developing and manufacturing magnetic-based memory (MRAM). With roots in Freescale Semiconductor, Everspin is now an independent company backed by prominent venture capital firms. A growing number of leading corporations have adopted Everspin MRAM to enable their most advanced products.
“Freescale was looking for the right investment partner to commercialize a breakthrough technology that had continuing strategic importance for them. New Venture Partners negotiated an entire set of agreements for the spinout of our business and for our ongoing manufacturing and sales partnership with Freescale, and led the syndication with other venture investors. We now have a thriving independent venture and a strong strategic relationship with Freescale. ” -Saied Tehrani, Founder and COO, Everspin Technologies
WEBSITE












GainSpan

GainSpan develops Wi-Fi semiconductor and software solutions that deliver the convenience, security and manageability benefits of Wi-Fi, along with 5-10 years of battery life needed for applications such as temperature monitoring for energy management, condition monitoring of industrial equipment, or street lighting for metro areas. Investors include Intel Capital, New Venture Partners, OVP Venture Partners and Sigma Partners.
WEBSITE












ICRTec
An engine alternative that North America needs – now.
The ICR350 is cleaner burning and more cost effective than the best diesel engines today.  It emits less than one-eighth of the NOX/particulate emissions allowed under EPA 2010 regulations with better fuel economy and lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions than diesels.
“ICRTec owns the alternative to traditional diesel power – an innovative, fuel efficient, low emission and fuel flexible gas turbine engine that competes in the North American $14 billion diesel engine market. ”
WEBSITE












Novinda
Novinda has developed a proprietary technology that effectively removes mercury from post combustion gases of coal fired power plants. Proposed 2011 federal regulation, in addition to existing state regulations, requires the removal of a large portion of mercury, which is toxic to humans. Removal is accomplished with the injection into the furnace flue ducts of a solid sorbent material based on naturally occurring clays. Unlike the principal alternative, activated carbon, Novinda’s sorbent allows resale of fly ash, a solid combustion byproduct, as a component of concrete. This is both environmentally safer and an economic advantage for the power utility. The company is introducing its product to the utility market this year. Novinda is based in Denver, CO.
WEBSITE












NVMdurance

NVMdurance delivers via software, a set of NAND Flash optimization techniques developed over the past 13 years by technical co-founders Joe Sullivan and Conor Ryan. These have the effect of greatly extending the endurance (lifespan) of Solid State Disks (SSDs), and thus overcoming a major issue (limited endurance) that is delaying the storage industry’s transition from spinning magnetic (hard) disks to SSDs, particularly for server/enterprise storage.
We know from our engagement with major SSD manufacturers and Flash foundries that the results routinely achieving are significantly ahead of any in-house or competitive approaches to endurance improvement. At Flash Memory Summit 2013, NVMdurance won Most Innovative Technology after demonstrating endurance improvements greater than tenfold. NVMdurance achieves higher levels of improvement with the newer smaller geometry devices, many of which have major endurance challenges.
“Ironically, two of the more popular innovators at the event were in a small booth at the back of the show floor. Conor Ryan and Joe Sullivan of the two-month-old startup NVMdurance won a best of show award for their 10-fold increase in flash endurance — an Achilles’ heel of the otherwise hot memory chips. ” -Rick Merritt, EETimes.com, August 2013
WEBSITE












Vasona Networks
Developing software that improves mobile carrier infrastructure efficiency.
WEBSITE












@Road
Provider of mobile resource management services that allow enterprise customers to improve productivity by enabling the management of the activities of their mobile workers and assets and their goods and services.
In February 2005, @Road (NASDAQ: ARDI) acquired Vidus Ltd., a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners.












Airclic
AirClic, headquartered in Trevose, Pennsylvaniais, is the leading provider of mobile supply chain software products that enable large and medium sized enterprises to efficiently manage the activities of mobile workers. The company’s product solutions are focused on providing customers with proof of delivery, chain of custody and asset tracking features and functionality. Key industry verticals include document storage, health care, food distribution and package delivery. The company’s products offer work flow management, mobile forms, bar code scanning, signature capture and location based services. The company’s go-to-market strategy includes direct sales to large enterprises and working with channel partners on middle market enterprises.
Airclic was acquired by Descartes Systems Group for approximately US $29.7 million. Airclic’s investors included JMI Equity, New Venture Partners and Zon Capital Partners. Canaccord Genuity Inc. acted as financial advisor to Airclic.
WEBSITE












Andrew
Designs and manufactures RF subsystem solutions for wireless, fixed-line, broadband service providers and broadcasters worldwide. In June 2002, Andrew (NASDAQ: ANDW) acquired Celiant Corporation, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners and Pequot Capital.
“The New Venture Partners team was key to the success of Celiant at every stage in its lifecycle from the identification of the opportunity within Lucent’s Wireless business unit though the successful sale to Andrew Corporation in 2002. They supported us at every turn with everything from business plan development, to negotiating the IP and asset transfers from Lucent, smoothly transferring over 100 employees from Lucent, structuring OEM supply and contract manufacturing agreements with Lucent, to securing the growth funding Celiant needed to execute its business plan. New Venture Partners understands how to partner with large technology corporations and venture management teams and create win-win scenarios for all involved. ” -Ralph Faison, Co-founder and CEO, Celiant & former CEO, Andrew Corp.












Alverix
Producer of handheld Point of Care (POC) diagnostic devices with the accuracy and precision of laboratory instrumentation. Partners with diagnostic and OEM manufacturers seeking to increase current test accuracy, improve the portability of existing tests, or develop new assays for use in physician offices, laboratory outreach locations, retail clinics, and patient homes. Investors included New Venture Partners and Safeguard Scientific.












AraLight
High-bandwidth, ultra-dense optoelectronic modules for Internet infrastructure equipment manufacturers. In January 2004, Xanoptix acquired Aralight, Inc., a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners, Ridgewood Capital, Signal Lake Ventures and Solar Venture Partners.
 












Azure Solutions
Award-winning revenue assurance software and services, enabling communications operators worldwide to reduce losses from malicious and unintentional revenue leakage. In June 2006, Subex Systems merged with Azure to form Subex Azure Ltd. Azure’s investors included A.G. Edwards, Doughty Hanson Technology Ventures, Hexagon Investments, Intel Capital, New Venture Partners and Sequel Venture Partners, among others.












Celiant
Developer of power amplifiers and base station subsystems for 2G and 3G wireless systems. In June 2002, Andrew Corporation (NASDAQ: ANDW) acquired Celiant, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners and Pequot Capital.
“The New Venture Partners team was key to the success of Celiant at every stage in its lifecycle from finding the opportunity within Lucent’s Wireless business unit though our successful exit. They supported us at every turn with everything from business plan development, to negotiating the IP and asset transfers from Lucent, to smoothly transferring over 100 employees from Lucent, to structuring OEM supply and contract manufacturing agreements with Lucent, to securing the growth capital Celiant needed to execute its business plan. New Venture Partners understands how to partner with large technology corporations and venture management teams and create win-win scenarios for all involved.” -Ralph Faison, Co-founder and CEO, Celiant & former CEO, Andrew Corp.












DAFCA
DAFCA develops electronic design automation (EDA) software for the creation of flexible Systems-on-Chip (SoC) solutions. The result is faster time-to-market and lower chip development costs. Investors include 3i, Bay Partners, Kodiak Venture Partners, New Venture Partners and Vista Ventures.
“We have been working closely with New Venture Partners since before DAFCA was DAFCA, and greatly appreciate their sharp business acumen, customer-centric focus and moral support. We began life as a fragile slide show with lots of holes; today we have a substantial company with a unique value proposition. New Venture Partners has been with us every step of the way.” -Peter Levin, CEO, DAFCA












Elemedia
Pioneering provider of software components, applications and platforms for VoIP application developers and large service providers. In June 1999, Lucent Technologies Inc. acquired Elemedia.












Flarion
Flash-OFDM mobile communications network technology for seamless mobile Internet access, enabling mobile operators to profitably offer low-cost, IP-based broadband services. In January 2006, Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QQQ) acquired Flarion, a private company whose investors included Bessemer Venture Partners, Charles River Ventures, Cisco, Equitek Capital, Nassau Capital, New Venture Partners LLC, Pequot Capital, SK Telecom and T-Mobile.
“The New Venture Partners team collaborated with me and many other Bell Labs researchers to create an exciting alternative path for commercialization of disruptive ideas. In my case Lucent had other priorities that prevented them from committing the resources to realize my vision. Working with the New Venture Partners team to develop the business strategy and plan, we were able to spin Flarion Technologies out of Lucent with funding from a strong group of venture capitalists. Over the years we raised more than $150M to commercialize our technology. Ultimately, Qualcomm acquired Flarion for more than $800 million. ” -Rajiv Laroia, Founder and CTO, Flarion
 












GeoVideo Networks
Full-service provider of video communications services and solutions. In June 2001, Wire One Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: WONE) acquired GeoVideo Networks, Inc., a private company whose investors included Crest Communications, East River Ventures, New Venture Partners and Thomas Weisel Partners.












GlobalCast
Provider of reliable multicast software that delivers solutions and integration services to service providers and public and private network operators. In June 1998, Talarian Corporation acquired GlobalCast Communications, a private company whose investors included Draper Richards, Innovacom, Labrador Ventures, and Sofinnova among others.












iBiquity Digital
iBiquity Digital develops AM and FM broadcast technology that transforms today’s radio from analog to digital, with radically improved sound and new wireless data services. iBiquity was created in August 2000 by the merger of Lucent Digital Radio and USA Digital Radio. Current investors include 14 top radio U.S. radio broadcasters, including ABC, Clear Channel and Viacom; as well as venture capital firms such as Grotech Capital, J.P. Morgan Partners, New Venture Partners and Pequot Capital.
“Since the late 1990s, the New Venture Partners’ team has been instrumental in evolving iBiquity Digital to the successful, market-changing company that it is today. Their operational guidance and insight with strategic industry partnerships has helped iBiquity bring digital HD Radio technology to AM and FM stations across the country. ” -Robert J. Struble, President & CEO, iBiquity Digital
WEBSITE












Intelleflex
Intelleflex is the leader in Extended Capability RFID (radio-frequency identification) solutions, products, and technologies. Its Intelligent RFID Platform, comprising high performance multi-protocol tags and readers, enables solutions for asset tracking, vehicle/yard management, manufacturing WIP control, supply chain automation, parts maintenance, access control, and other applications. It features range, reliability, memory capacity, and security far beyond standard passive RFID, and at a fraction of the cost of active RFID solutions.
“The New Venture Partners’ team provided unique vision and ingenuity to combine a spin-out from Maxim Integrated Products with start-up Intelleflex, creating the clear market leader in Class 3 RFID. Their support has been instrumental in facilitating the deal and realizing the full value for all parties involved. ” -Peter Mehring, President & CEO, Intelleflex
 
WEBSITE












Internet Photonics
Carrier-grade gigabit optical ethernet solutions with 10 gigabit DWDM transport that allows service providers to profitably sell high-bandwidth data services alongside existing legacy services. In May 2004, Ciena Corporation (NASDAQ: CIEN) acquired Internet Photonics, a private company whose investors included ComVentures, New Venture Partners, Sprout Group, TeleSoft Partners and Venturehouse Group.
“My team and I in Bell Labs were pursuing a vision that we passionately believed in, but it didn’t really fit with Lucent’s technology or product strategy at the time. The New Venture Partners team recognized the opportunity and worked closely with us to sharpen the initial business strategy. Then they were instrumental helping us get our team, our lab, and our core IP out of Lucent and bringing in other strong financial backers behind us. New Venture Partners continued to support us through the telecom bust years all the way to our successful exit. ” -Martin Nuss, Founder and CTO, Internet Photonics












ISPsoft
Highly scalable OSS solutions to carriers, enterprises and service providers enabling end-to-end real-time activation of a wide variety of services including VPNs, QoS and broadband across multi-vendor networks. In January 2002, DSET (NASDAQ: DSET) merged with ISPSoft, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners, Signal Lake Ventures and SGM Capital.












Liquavista
Liquavista develops groundbreaking display technology for mobile devices that offers bright, beautiful color even in direct sunlight with video speed and ultra-low power consumption. Investors included Amadeus Capital Partners, GIMV and New Venture Partners among others. Liquavista was acquired by Samsung Electronics in Dec 2010 for an undisclosed amount. Then in May 2013, Amazon.com acquired Liquavista.
“Even though it was only at a lab stage, the team from New Venture Partners grasped the potential business opportunity created by a talented pair of Philips researchers in Holland. Since that day, New Venture Partners has been a trusted partner to original Philips inventors, the Philips corporate team, and to me who they recruited in as CEO while Liquavista was being seed-funded inside Philips Research. Insight, guidance and support from New Venture Partners helped make Philips researchers into Liquavista entrepreneurs. Most importantly, they ensured that a technological breakthrough, though not strategic to Philips at the time, has evolved into a rapidly growing, independent global company. ” -Mark Gostick, CEO, Liquavista
WEBSITE












Lucent Digital Video
Leading provider of MPEG-2 encoders using sophisticated proprietary compression algorithms for maximum picture quality and optimum efficiency for cable, wireless, fiber optic and satellite back-haul, Direct Broadcast Satellite and other applications. In 1999, Lucent Technologies acquired Lucent Digital Video.












Lumeta
Lumeta provides software solutions for Fortune 2000 network management and security executives to help contain infrastructure expansion costs, reduce network downtime, and protect intellectual property from network exposure. Investors include Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ), DFJ Gotham, meVC, New Venture Partners and Wachovia Strategic Ventures.
“The New Venture Partners team has been instrumental to Lumeta since day one — when they helped us develop a business plan and launch the company — through today. They provide great counsel as active Board members, play a lead role in recruiting and hiring senior management for Lumeta, and make strategic customer and partner introductions. ”-Dave Hickey, CEO, Lumeta












Maps on Us
Maps on Us was created by the Database Systems Research Department at Bell Labs, the research and development arm of Lucent Technologies. The service uses advanced algorithms that minimize the large amount of data processing involved in searching a database. The Maps on Us database uses customized technology to match listings to their geographic locations, and provides unique mechanisms for offering long distance, door-to-door driving directions. This allows Maps on Us users, for example, to get turn-by-turn driving directions to a new restaurant in a distant city, or to print out a detailed map of their area, marking business locations and suggested routes to a particular destination.
“Lucent has capitalized on the tremendous resources of the Bell Labs community in bringing innovative products, such as Maps on Us, to the Web market,” said Tom Uhlman, then president of Lucent’s New Ventures Group. “Switchboard is the premier Internet directory service and now they have taken another critical step in ensuring that their users have the best-of-breed mapping technology. Maps on Us extends the Switchboard service into an even greater one- stop resource for people who want to know where something or someone is and how to get there.”
MapsOnUs provides advanced mapping and driving directions throughout the United States. In May 1998, Switchboard Inc., the majority-owned Internet directory service subsidiary of Banyan Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:BNYN), acquired the assets, technology, and Web site of Maps On Us from Lucent Technologies.












Microwave Photonics
Wireless access systems for mobile cellular infrastructure that dynamically configures wireless networks for optimal coverage, capacity and services. In February 2005, NextG Networks acquired Microwave Photonics, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners.












Neohapsis
Neohapsis is a trusted provider of mobile and cloud security services. Neohapsis works with more than 300 global enterprises to address their constantly evolving information security and compliance challenges. Leveraging their security expertise, advanced research and security tools, Neohapsis is at the forefront of securing today’s emerging technologies. Neohapsis delivers risk management, compliance, cloud, application, mobile, and infrastructure security solutions to Fortune 500 customers.
In January 2015, Cisco acquired Neohapsis.
 
WEBSITE












NextG Networks
NextG Networks is a facilities-based telecommunications carrier that deploys distributed, low-power access networks in communities across the United States. Investors in NextG included Gabriel Venture Partners, New Venture Partners and Oak Investment Partners.
“You can count in New Venture Partners to roll up their sleeves and tackle a problem with you.” – John Georges, PhD, former CEO, NextG Networks
In April 2012, NextG Networks was acquired by Crown Castle.












Own
Own Products is leveraging a number of natural technologies allowing for the formulation of natural-based, effective skin care products in anti-aging, anti-acne, and suncare. Own has a strong, experienced brand leadership team who will build markets through direct and retail channels.
WEBSITE












Palladium (Lucent Public Safety Systems)
Providers of an integrated set of products and services that help public safety agencies respond more quickly and efficiently to E911 calls, including software for telephone network switches, caller location databases, E911 call answering equipment, computer-aided dispatch systems, and records management systems. In May 2001, SCC Communications Corp. acquired Lucent Public Safety Systems, and was renamed Intrado (NASDAQ: TRDO).












Procelerate Technologies
Procelerate Technologies produces software that enables manufacturing teams real-time management and execution of product development processes, resulting in better knowledge capture, improved processes and faster time to market. Investors included New Venture Partners, among others.












PsyTechnics
Psytechnics makes innovative software for measuring and monitoring voice and video quality in communications networks for Voice OVer IP, IPTV, mobile communications and other services. Investors included 3i, British Telecom, GIMV and New Venture Partners.
“Psytechnics was originally a spinout from the labs of BT. The New Venture Partners team has played a critical role in supporting our relationship with BT as an ongoing developer and licensor of intellectual property, as well as a customer of our products. Along with our other VC investors, 3i and GIMV, New Venture Partners remains active on our board and as a follow-on investor, in particular, helping with high-level introductions in the industry. ” -Anthony Finbow, CEO, Psytechnics












Real Time Content
Real Time Content empowers digital content and brand owners to deliver video that dynamically changes to specifically match the interests of individual viewers in real time, maximizing the power and performance of every online experience. Investors included British Telecom and New Venture Partners.
“New Venture Partners is an active investor in Real Time Content. As engaged board members, New Venture Partners provides solid business insight and plays an influential role in strategy development as well as helping us execute our plan. ”-Tom Quinn, CEO, Real Time Content
WEBSITE












SavaJe Technologies
Advanced operating system software for next generation handhelds and wireless devices supporting the full range of Java APIs, from MIDP to Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE). In April 2007, Sun Microsystems acquired SavaJe, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners, Investcorp, Orange, Ridgewood Capital, RRE Ventures, T-Mobile, VantagePoint, and Vodafone.












ShopWell
ShopWell is a consumer food information website that uses nutritional algorithms and expert crowd sourcing from registered dietitians to deliver the only personalized nutrition/food resource in the market. ShopWell delivers customized product scores, personalized nutrition labels and easy-to-understand nutrition information for products based on how well they meet an individual’s unique needs.  ShopWell’s mission is to make healthy eating simple.
In May 2013, ShopWell assets were acquired by HarvestMark.
WEBSITE












Silicon Hive
Silicon Hive, a licensor of semiconductor intellectual property (IP) developed semiconductors that enabled chip designers to make fully-programmable System-on-Chips (SoCs) for demanding applications, such as Digital TV Broadcast Reception, Wireless Datacoms, Camera Signal Processing and Printing & Imaging. Investors included New Venture Partners, TVM Capital and Philips.
“It’s been a pleasure and real benefit to have New Venture Partners as an investor. They’ve brought invaluable industry experience and a network of relevant contacts to help us across strategic issues, financial needs and business development.”-Atul Sinha, Co-founder & CEO, Silicon Hive












SiPort
SiPort develops innovative and highly integrated semiconductor solutions for rapidly growing mobile digital broadcast media markets, including HD Radio. Investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, Morgenthaler Ventures, New Venture Partners and Intel Capital. In May 2011, SiPort operates as a subsidiary of Intel Corporation.
WEBSITE












Subex
Subex is one of the world’s top providers of operational support systems (OSS) to global telecom operators, with industry leading solutions in revenue maximization and service fulfillment and assurance. The company is publicly traded.
WEBSITE












SyChip
Radio Frequency (RF) Integrated Circuits (ICs) and chip scale modules for the wireless Internet appliance market, reducing time-to-market, increasing performance and improving reliability. In April 2006, SyChip was acquired by Murata Manufacturing. Investors in SyChip included 3i Group, Austin Ventures, Alliance Technology Ventures, Intel Communications Fund, New Venture Partners, Sierra Ventures and Silicon Valley Bank Ventures, among others.












Vallent
Service assurance products for modern wireless service providers and other converged network operators, allowing carriers to optimize network capacity, maximize performance quality and reduce operating costs. In February 2007, IBM acquired Vallent, a private company whose investors included Argo Global Capital, Ericsson Venture Partners, HG Capital, Investor Growth Capital, New Venture Partners, Origin Partners and Pequot Capital.












Vidus
Intelligent fieldforce management solutions, aimed at telecommunications, cable and utility services organizations with mobile workforces of 200-plus engineers. In February 2005, @Road (NASDAQ: ARDI) acquired Vidus, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners.
“Originally at Vidus and again now at AirVersent, the New Venture Partners network of contacts is hugely valuable to me as CTO in helping identify and progress strategic technology partnerships. As CTO and a founder of Vidus, New Venture Partners provided great support and their credibility helped us build out the management team with strong experienced players. ”-Pól Sweeney, Co-Founder & CTO, Vidus and CTO, Airversant












VPI Systems
VPI Systems provides carriers with intelligent analytics, planning and management capabilities to maximize the value of network resources. VPI Systems’ products enable network operators to launch new services, devices and applications while understanding the impact on the network. VPI Systems’ mobile analytics and capacity management products allow mobile service providers to make real-time business decisions.
WEBSITE











Industry Recognition



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







News




					Choose News Category...
					


Portfolio News
New Venture Partners





Portfolio News



NVMdurance Assigned Patent on Adaptive Flash Tuning
NVMDurance Ltd., with its approach to extending the endurance of flash devices and enabling 3D NAND, has announced that patent number 9,569,120 developed by Joe Sullivan and Conor Ryan, both of Limerick, Ireland, has been granted in the USA for… [...]



NVMDurance Ltd., with its approach to extending the endurance of flash devices and enabling 3D NAND, has announced that patent number 9,569,120 developed by Joe Sullivan and Conor Ryan, both of Limerick, Ireland, has been granted in the USA for Adaptive Flash Tuning.
This patent covers company’s Pathfinder and Navigator software, which discover optimal flash trim sets for the target application and implement a set of optimization techniques that constantly monitor the NAND flash health and autonomically adjusts the operating parameters in real time.
View Article


Published on: Tuesday 28 March, 2017 



Who’s who in SDD?
by Zsolt Kerekes, editor - StorageSearch.com - May 23, 2016 On a handful of occasions in more than 20 years writing about the SSD market I've spoken to companies which I known instinctively would change the way that the whole… [...]



by Zsolt Kerekes, editor – StorageSearch.com – May 23, 2016
On a handful of occasions in more than 20 years writing about the SSD market I’ve spoken to companies which I known instinctively would change the way that the whole market thinks about itself. NVMdurance is one of those companies.
While we have seen many companies in the past 5 years telling us about the different ways in which their technologies can leverage the mysterious elasticity of flash endurance in an SSD controller context – most of those have leveraged combinations of techniques such as adaptive R/W pulse modication, DSP ECC, and big controller application or array awareness which become so closely tied to a particular product line or application space that the benefits derived from each element in the mix cannot be easily or quickly extracted and migrated to other applications.
View Article


Published on: Monday 23 May, 2016 



Novinda Corporation Names Michael Rosenberg New CEO
New CEO brings expertise in energy-related and cleantech industries. DENVER, CO (June 18, 2015): Novinda Corporation, a provider of non-carbon mercury emission control solutions, today announced that Michael J. Rosenberg has joined the company as CEO. Rosenberg has an exceptionally… [...]



New CEO brings expertise in energy-related and cleantech industries.
DENVER, CO (June 18, 2015): Novinda Corporation, a provider of non-carbon mercury emission control solutions, today announced that Michael J. Rosenberg has joined the company as CEO. Rosenberg has an exceptionally strong background in energy-related and cleantech industries, including work in bio technology, fuel cells and clean coal technology.
His 25-year career encompasses national and international experience with public and private companies in the alternative energy, environmental, chemical and oil/gas industries. His areas of expertise include business development, corporate strategy, finance, mergers and acquisitions, and capital markets.
View Article >


Published on: Thursday 18 June, 2015 



Everspin MRAM makes it to Koyo PLCs
Non-Volatile memory on the shop floor By: Charlie Demerjian, SemiAccurate Every time SemiAccurate talks about Everspin’s MRAM, a lot of people ask about what it can be found in. Today we can add another name to the list that is… [...]



Non-Volatile memory on the shop floor
By: Charlie Demerjian, SemiAccurate
Every time SemiAccurate talks about Everspin’s MRAM, a lot of people ask about what it can be found in. Today we can add another name to the list that is slightly out of our normal area of coverage, industrial programmable logic controllers (PLCs) from Koyo.
Read more


Published on: Thursday 18 June, 2015 



Everspin’s MRAM Enables Koyo Electronics Industries New Battery-Free Direct Logic PLC With Higher Density, Faster Speeds
Everspin Technologies, Inc., the world's leading developer and manufacturer of discrete and embedded MRAM, and Koyo Electronics Industries, a leading manufacturer of highly reliable factory automation systems and automotive parts, today announced that Everspin’s MRAM is now designed into Koyo… [...]



Everspin Technologies, Inc., the world’s leading developer and manufacturer of discrete and embedded MRAM, and Koyo Electronics Industries, a leading manufacturer of highly reliable factory automation systems and automotive parts, today announced that Everspin’s MRAM is now designed into Koyo Electronics Industries’ new Direct Logic 205 (DL205) Series Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs).
View article


Published on: Wednesday 17 June, 2015 

LOAD MORE







New Venture Partners



NVPLLC’s Tom Uhlman joins Council as Senior Fellow
April 19, 2017 WASHINGTON - Thomas M. Uhlman, Founder and Managing Partner, New Venture Partners LLC, has joined the Council… [...]


April 19, 2017
WASHINGTON –
Thomas M. Uhlman, Founder and Managing Partner, New Venture Partners LLC, has joined the Council on Competitiveness as Senior Fellow.
“Tom’s deep knowledge of the tech sector and venture capital strategy will enhance our ability to assess the complex issues surrounding growth and productivity across all the areas we monitor,” said Deborah L. Wince-Smith, president and CEO, Council on Competitiveness.
Uhlman brings a wealth of knowledge and background with technology start-ups to the Council, whose mission of increasing productivity and growing the economy has emerged as a major issue in 2017. Uhlman is already familiar with that mission.
Read more





Monday Morning Rigor
NVPLLC's Marc Rappoport, CFO & Partner, participated in a roundtable discussion for PEI Magazine's April Issue article written by Nicholas Donato. Is… [...]


NVPLLC’s Marc Rappoport, CFO & Partner, participated in a roundtable discussion for PEI Magazine’s April Issue article written by Nicholas Donato.
Is the industry on the verge of providing investors with monthly reporting? It’s a scary question
for CFOs, who struggle enough as it is to deliver valuation statements on a semiannual or
even quarterly basis. But forces outside of GPs’ control may prompt institutional investors
to demand timelier, more rigorous reporting. Questions surround whether this is ultimately
good for the industry, and if so, how firms’ finance teams could possibly cope with a heavier
workload. To find out, pfm assembled a roundtable of private fund CFOs, auditors and
valuation specialists to assess the situation and discuss what other valuation best practices a
firm could utilize to save time and expense, and above all, to satisfy information-hungry LPs.
 
View Article >





Harvard Business Review Web Exclusive: Use Open Innovation to Cope in a Downturn
By Henry W. Chesbrough and Andrew R. Garman   [...]


By Henry W. Chesbrough and Andrew R. Garman
 





Stephen Socolof Named Chair of National Venture Capital Association’s Corporate Venture Group Advisory Board
New Venture Partners Managing Partner, Stephen Socolof has been named Chair of the National Venture Capital Association’s (NVCA) Corporate Venture Group (CVG)… [...]


New Venture Partners Managing Partner, Stephen Socolof has been named Chair of the National Venture Capital Association’s (NVCA) Corporate Venture Group (CVG) Advisory Board.
View Article >





PE Analyst: New Venture Partners Goes Where Other VC Firms Dare Not
Enter New Venture Partners. The firm, a specialist in corporate spinouts, spent months negotiating complicated agreements that would allow it… [...]


Enter New Venture Partners. The firm, a specialist in corporate spinouts, spent months negotiating complicated agreements that would allow it to pluck out 50 people, a manufacturing line and an intellectual property portfolio of more than 200 patents from Freescale. Ultimately, New Venture Partners put together a syndicate that invested $20 million in Series A financing, and the new start-up, EverSpin Technologies Inc., launched in June.
View Article >



LOAD MORE












Contact Us




Our Offices New Jersey
430 Mountain Avenue
Suite 404, 4th Floor
Murray Hill, NJ 07974
United States of America
+1 908 464 0900 tel
+1 908 464 8131 fax

 

 

 
 


If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			




Fields marked with an * are required


Name * 






Email * 






Message * 






If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. 				



















 

General Inquiries
Email info@nvpllc.com  or fill out the form just beside.
Media Inquiries
Email press@nvpllc.com or call +1-908-988-4841.
Careers
New Venture Partners is not seeking to expand its team at this point in time. Please visit our portfolio companies’ job listings for current opportunities. Our portfolio companies offer many opportunities for talented, motivated people seeking a challenge.














 
  
 				©2015 New Venture Partners LLC Developed by Analog Method
                
 Follow us on   
































 










TRUE VENTURE PARTNERS II, L.L.C. Insider Insider Trades - NASDAQ.com




























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Quotes > 
    Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Individual Insiders






Insider Trades of TRUE VENTURE PARTNERS II, L.L.C.





Click on the column header to resort ascending (▲) or descending (▼).



Individual Insider Trades



Company


Relation


Last Date ▼


Type


Tran


OwnerType


Shares Traded


Last Price


Shares Held



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
02/23/2017
Form 4
Disposition (Non Open Market)
indirect
4,999,998
0



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
02/23/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
5,309,780
0
1,313,756


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
12/05/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
460,000
0
460,000


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
12/05/2016
Form 4
Sell
indirect
460,000
8.1264
1,003,974


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
12/02/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
400,000
0
400,000


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
12/02/2016
Form 4
Sell
indirect
400,000
8.2307



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
11/16/2016
Form 4
Disposition (Non Open Market)
indirect
2,000,005
0



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
11/16/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
2,122,789
0
1,003,974


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
11/03/2016
Form 4
Disposition (Non Open Market)
indirect
2,000,005
0



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
11/03/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
2,122,789
0
931,190


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
08/09/2016
Form 4
Disposition (Non Open Market)
indirect
3,999,972
0



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
08/09/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
4,244,342
0
833,406


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
05/18/2016
Form 4
Disposition (Non Open Market)
indirect
3,999,972
0



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
05/18/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
4,255,804
0
664,036


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
02/24/2016
Form 4
Disposition (Non Open Market)
indirect
6,574,214
0



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
02/24/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
6,982,418
0
408,204


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
12/09/2015
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
1,077,957
0
1,077,957


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
12/09/2015
Form 4
Sell
indirect
1,077,957
28.13



FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
11/18/2015
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
3,782,381
0
3,782,381


FITBIT INC
Beneficial Owner (10%)
11/18/2015
Form 4
Sell
indirect
3,782,381
28.13





<< first< previous1next >last >>











Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results





View All Highest Rated































Most Rated Stocks of Last Week
Rated stocks for NASDAQ, NYSE and AMEX

Symbol  /  Ratings Consensus

AAPL

86% bullish
                    of
                    2913
                    ratings
Rate It


FB

76% bullish
                    of
                    1328
                    ratings
Rate It


TSLA

78% bullish
                    of
                    588
                    ratings
Rate It


MSFT

84% bullish
                    of
                    649
                    ratings
Rate It


GOOG

91% bullish
                    of
                    128
                    ratings
Rate It


JPM

70% bullish
                    of
                    88
                    ratings
Rate It


GM

68% bullish
                    of
                    80
                    ratings
Rate It


BAC

75% bullish
                    of
                    475
                    ratings
Rate It


NFLX

68% bullish
                    of
                    325
                    ratings
Rate It


INTC

83% bullish
                    of
                    266
                    ratings
Rate It


More Most Rated Stocks



























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































MB Venture Partners - Venture Capital for Life Sciences


















 


























 
 

























  MB Venture Partners Providing EQUITY CAPITAL andSTRATEGIC DIRECTION to life sciences companiesWith a special interest in PRODUCT SOLUTIONS for musculoskeletal diseasesMB Venture Partners Providing EQUITY CAPITAL andSTRATEGIC DIRECTION to life sciences companiesWith a special interest in PRODUCT SOLUTIONS for musculoskeletal diseases

 






Choose MB Venture Partners






Choosing partners can be the most important decision made by entrepreneurs and investors.  MB Venture Partners is a Memphis, Tennessee venture capital firm that provides equity capital and strategic direction to life sciences companies.  The Firm invests in medical device and biotechnology companies at all stages of development.  Our Firm is especially interested in product solutions for musculoskeletal diseases, and our partners benefit from our deep experience and relationships in this area of investment.
Learn more












 




Portfolio










































































































































































