





Our Mission and Our Pact — Trust Asset Management
























































Our Mission and Our Pact























 Our MissionTAM’s mission is to maximize total returns, subject to each client’s risk profile and investment objectives. We aim to create a long‐term partnership with our client and to deliver outstanding performance for our clients. Our PACT







  PassionateOur team has a strong belief in our investment strategies and we are never satisfied with the status quo.  We are proud of what we have achieved in the past, and we are confident that we can continue delivering exceptional long‐term performance to our clients. 







  AccountableWe concentrate on building long‐term partnerships by aligning our interests with those of our clients.  We are committed to providing extraordinary service and steady performance to our clients.  







 







  Client Centric We understand that each client has unique investment needs and restrictions. That is why we work with our clients to develop the best investment solution for them.  TeamworkOur employees constantly exchange ideas and thoughts with their peers. We work collaboratively as a team, share our views, and challenge accepted wisdom to maximize results. Our employees take enormous pride in the success of the company and the fulfillment of our mission. 





 


 


Trust Asset Management, LLC. 



 









Trust Asset Management































































Expertise. At Your Service.























 Experience the best of asset management, trust, and experience you deserve and value in a timely manner when you need it the most.  




About Us



 


 


Trust Asset Management, LLC. 



 









About Us — Trust Asset Management
























































About Us























 Trust Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment advisor based in Houston, Texas. We develop investment solutions tailored to the investment needs of our institutional clients. Started in 2009, TAM has grown to $839 mm under management.(1) As of December 31, 2015. From form ADV. 





 


 


Trust Asset Management, LLC. 



 









Who We Serve — Trust Asset Management
























































Who We Serve























 We offer tailored investment strategies to a variety of institutional clients.Institutional Trusts: We currently offer investment advice to trusts formed for various purposes across multiple states.Private Funds: We work closely with private funds to address their distinct investment objectives.





 


 


Trust Asset Management, LLC. 



 









Contact — Trust Asset Management
























































Contact























Getting in Touch Please use the contact form below to send an email. Thank you. 





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Message *






Thank you!




 Trust Asset Management T 844-881-2591E info@tam-llc.com





 


 


Trust Asset Management, LLC. 



 





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Trust Asset Management LLC Buys Alphabet Inc, Williams Partners LP, Enterprise Products ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Trust Asset Management LLC Buys Alphabet Inc, Williams Partners LP, Enterprise Products ...


January 19, 2017, 04:38:01 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Trust Asset Management LLCNew Purchases: GOOG , EPD , DVMT ,Added Positions:WPZ, FAX, BPL, TEI, EFA, PPT,Reduced Positions:ACAS, EAD, EEM, PER, SDR, PAA, SPY, MMLP, EEP, ARNC,Sold Out:PCI, MEMP, PBR, HYG, JNK, VTA, DSU, VNR, TIME, UIS,For the details of Trust Asset Management LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Trust+Asset+Management+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Trust Asset Management LLCAmerican Capital Ltd (ACAS) - 2,111,988 shares, 19.9% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 32.67%iShares MSCI EAFE ( EFA ) - 501,480 shares, 15.22% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 4.20%Wells Fargo Income Opportunities Fund ( EAD ) - 2,786,473 shares, 12.42% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 28.24%Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) - 24,800 shares, 10.06% of the total portfolio. New PositionAberdeen Asia-pacific Income Fund Inc ( FAX ) - 3,661,311 shares, 8.91% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 27.27%New Purchase: Alphabet Inc ( GOOG )Trust Asset Management LLC initiated holdings in Alphabet Inc. The purchase prices were between $736.08 and $813.11, with an estimated average price of $779.09. The stock is now traded at around $802.29. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 10.06%. The holdings were 24,800 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Enterprise Products Partners LP ( EPD )Trust Asset Management LLC initiated holdings in Enterprise Products Partners LP. The purchase prices were between $24.53 and $27.44, with an estimated average price of $26.05. The stock is now traded at around $27.67. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.05%. The holdings were 143,989 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Dell Technologies Inc (DVMT)Trust Asset Management LLC initiated holdings in Dell Technologies Inc. The purchase prices were between $46.72 and $57.29, with an estimated average price of $51.07. The stock is now traded at around $58.84. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 1,163 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Williams Partners LP (WPZ)Trust Asset Management LLC added to the holdings in Williams Partners LP by 145.80%. The purchase prices were between $33.25 and $38.09, with an estimated average price of $35.92. The stock is now traded at around $40.03. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.57%. The holdings were 216,652 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Aberdeen Asia-pacific Income Fund Inc ( FAX )Trust Asset Management LLC added to the holdings in Aberdeen Asia-pacific Income Fund Inc by 27.27%. The purchase prices were between $4.63 and $5.13, with an estimated average price of $4.84. The stock is now traded at around $4.75. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.91%. The holdings were 3,661,311 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Buckeye Partners LP (BPL)Trust Asset Management LLC added to the holdings in Buckeye Partners LP by 250.83%. The purchase prices were between $62.51 and $70.76, with an estimated average price of $66. The stock is now traded at around $64.39. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.03%. The holdings were 41,282 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Putnam Premier Income Trust (PPT)Trust Asset Management LLC added to the holdings in Putnam Premier Income Trust by 81.55%. The purchase prices were between $4.74 and $4.92, with an estimated average price of $4.83. The stock is now traded at around $5.02. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 299,932 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: PIMCO Dynamic Credit and Mortgage Income Fund of B (PCI)Trust Asset Management LLC sold out the holdings in PIMCO Dynamic Credit and Mortgage Income Fund of B. The sale prices were between $19.12 and $20.62, with an estimated average price of $20.07.Sold Out: Memorial Production Partners LP (MEMP)Trust Asset Management LLC sold out the holdings in Memorial Production Partners LP. The sale prices were between $0.12 and $1.7, with an estimated average price of $0.77.Sold Out: Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR)Trust Asset Management LLC sold out the holdings in Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras. The sale prices were between $9.57 and $12.41, with an estimated average price of $10.68.Sold Out: iShares iBoxx $ High Yield Corporate Bond (HYG)Trust Asset Management LLC sold out the holdings in iShares iBoxx $ High Yield Corporate Bond. The sale prices were between $83.47 and $87.42, with an estimated average price of $86.04.Sold Out: SPDR Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Bond (JNK)Trust Asset Management LLC sold out the holdings in SPDR Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Bond. The sale prices were between $35.13 and $36.87, with an estimated average price of $36.25.Sold Out: Invesco Credit Opportunities Fund of Beneficial In (VTA)Trust Asset Management LLC sold out the holdings in Invesco Credit Opportunities Fund of Beneficial In. The sale prices were between $11.31 and $12.14, with an estimated average price of $11.75.Reduced: American Capital Ltd (ACAS)Trust Asset Management LLC reduced to the holdings in American Capital Ltd by 32.67%. The sale prices were between $16.86 and $17.92, with an estimated average price of $17.22. The stock is now traded at around $17.99. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -8.13%. Trust Asset Management LLC still held 2,111,988 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Wells Fargo Income Opportunities Fund ( EAD )Trust Asset Management LLC reduced to the holdings in Wells Fargo Income Opportunities Fund by 28.24%. The sale prices were between $7.67 and $8.48, with an estimated average price of $8.17. The stock is now traded at around $8.42. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -4.34%. Trust Asset Management LLC still held 2,786,473 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: iShares MSCI Emerging Index Fund (EEM)Trust Asset Management LLC reduced to the holdings in iShares MSCI Emerging Index Fund by 57.98%. The sale prices were between $34.3 and $38.1, with an estimated average price of $36.34. The stock is now traded at around $36.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -4.33%. Trust Asset Management LLC still held 182,005 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: SandRidge Permian Trust (PER)Trust Asset Management LLC reduced to the holdings in SandRidge Permian Trust by 78.46%. The sale prices were between $2.79 and $3.25, with an estimated average price of $3.04. The stock is now traded at around $3.10. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -2.53%. Trust Asset Management LLC still held 533,653 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: SandRidge Mississippian Trust II (SDR)Trust Asset Management LLC reduced to the holdings in SandRidge Mississippian Trust II by 22.21%. The sale prices were between $1.36 and $1.53, with an estimated average price of $1.44. The stock is now traded at around $1.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.4%. Trust Asset Management LLC still held 1,624,457 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: SPDR S&P 500 (SPY)Trust Asset Management LLC reduced to the holdings in SPDR S&P 500 by 95.7%. The sale prices were between $208.55 and $227.22, with an estimated average price of $216.88. The stock is now traded at around $225.84. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.2%. Trust Asset Management LLC still held 85 shares as of 2016-12-31.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 10 Warning Signs with WPZ. Click here to check it out.WPZ 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of WPZPeter Lynch Chart of WPZPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        EFA
                                    
, 

                                        EAD
                                    
, 

                                        GOOG
                                    
, 

                                        FAX
                                    
, 

                                        EPD
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					



5 Things Introverts Need to Explain to Their Managers


						7/28/2017 08:36 PM
					



Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.: Solid Q2 Results Show Investor Fears Are Misplaced


						7/28/2017 08:10 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





EFA








100%



Rate It





EAD








100%



Rate It





GOOG








91%



Rate It





FAX








100%



Rate It





EPD








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Financial Trust Asset Management LLC - CINCINNATI, OH - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



CINCINNATI



Business Services, Nec



Financial Services



                            Financial Trust Asset Management LLC
                                    



 





















F 


Financial Trust Asset Management LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9296 COMSTOCK DR CINCINNATI, OH 45231
Get Directions



(513) 345-0146





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $77,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Financial Services
 Contacts William Russell







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Financial Trust Asset Management Llc was founded in 2010, and is located at 9296 Comstock Dr in Cincinnati. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Trust Asset Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























trust asset management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Trust Asset Management, LLC operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company offers wealth management, analysis, investment strategies, financial planning, and advisory services. Trust Asset Management serves endowments and foundations, private funds, and institutional trusts in the State of Texas.




Corporate Information
Address:

1900 Saint James Place
Suite 300
Houston, TX 77056-4128
United States


Phone:
1-844-881-2591


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.tam-llc.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Mark Shinder


President/Chief Invsmt Officer




Michael Zislis


Managing Director/COO




John Anthony Hale


VP/Chief Compliance Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Trust Asset Management LLC | Wealthminder











































Trust Asset Management LLC


Trust Asset Management LLC
(CRD# 147379) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Houston, TX.
They
manage $838,965,537 in 144 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 12 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Trust Asset Management LLC




1900 St James Place, Suite 300,
Houston,
TX
77056
832-308-2748
http://www.tam-llc.com




http://www.tam-llc.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

839
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

144
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$5,826,150







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, FL, HI, IL, NJ, OH, OK, OR, TN, TX, WA






Financial Advisors at Trust Asset Management LLC




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Mark Shinder



CRD#:
5114724



1900 St. James Place, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77056




93

Wealthminder
score








Mark Shinder (CRD# 5114724) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Trust Asset Management LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 10 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Michael Zislis



CRD#:
4185215



1900 St James Place, Suite 300,
Houston,
TX
77056




93

Wealthminder
score








Michael Zislis (CRD# 4185215) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Trust Asset Management LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 11 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Riley E. Salyer



CRD#:
2570505



1900 St James Place, Suite 300,
Houston,
TX
77056




90

Wealthminder
score








Riley Salyer (CRD# 2570505) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Trust Asset Management LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now


























Family Office | Global Trust Asset Management, LLC


Skip navigation


 






Home
About Us
Team
Wealth Management Services
Investment Solutions
Family Office
Contact












 





We have the forethought as well as the combined skills in business,
tax and investment management to help maximize your legacy.










 





WHAT IS A FAMILY OFFICE?
A family office is an organization that a family with a certain level of wealth sets up to oversee a wide range of professionals across multiple disciplines – taxes, estate planning, accounting, bookkeeping, investing, etc. – to work for them and help them manage and execute their wealth management activities. By hiring a dedicated team of individuals, a family ensures that only their agenda is driving all of the activities. Many family offices manage budgeting, insurance, charitable giving, family owned business, wealth transfer, family governance, reporting and data aggregation and tax functions for the family they serve.
Global Trust Family Office recognizes that each family is unique and individual unto themselves. Our professionals take a holistic approach to designing family office services and solutions around the unique needs and financial goals of each family or individual. Whether it be the selected tax or estate services provided to the family, customized reporting for each family member, or ever important family financial planning meetings, we take the time to understand what each family requires, and provide them with the premier level of service akin to the large institutions, yet at a much more reasonable cost.
WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES OF WORKING WITH A FAMILY OFFICE?

Independence and objectivity
 Breadth & integration of services
 Multi-disciplinary professionals with diverse skills and deep expertise
 Integration of estate, tax, and investment strategies with the family’s philanthropic goals
 Comprehensive financial oversight
 Internal controls and segregation of duties
 Multi-generational and succession planning
 Coordination of legal, financial, and professional service providers
 Negotiation leverage for other service/product providers
 Creative solutions to financial issues
 Customized ideas for financial, investment, tax and estate planning strategies
 Complete confidentiality


click for larger image
An integral part of the relationship between the Family Office and the client family is communication and education. Regular communication assists us in meeting the changing objectives and needs of the family, while education, especially that of the younger generations, helps to solidify the future financial well-being of the family. With that, Global Trust assists with one on one understanding and implementation of budgets, financial planning, investment tax strategies, risk management, and philanthropic responsibilities to help and assure the family that their wealth will continue for generations to come.










©2017 Global Trust Asset Management, LLC
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Login
 














Strategies — Trust Asset Management
























































Strategies























 We actively invest in diversified asset categories, including cash and cash equivalents, equities,  debt or fixed income investments, and alternative investments. We choose combinations of these investments to form strategies we deem appropriate given the client’s investment objectives and risk tolerance.TAM also uses some leverage and hedging techniques, including derivatives designed to mimic equity or debt positions, buying securities on margin and selling securities short.   PublicMoney market funds Fixed Income securities Common and preferred StockLimited partnershipsOpen end and closed-end mutual fundsDerivatives based on tangible and intangible assets such as options and futures Private Real estate Energy interestEnergy infrastructurePrivate equityPrivate debt Participation interest   Investment Philosophy Long term growth Balanced Income and growthPreservation of capitalWe research each investment opportunity using fundamental evaluation by analyzing opportunity from multiple perspectives.  





 


 


Trust Asset Management, LLC. 



 



