:: Community Bank NA :: Investor Relations ::Investor RelationsHome > Investor Relations > Corporate Overview
		  > 
         
          Officers & DirectorsCorporate OverviewCorporate ProfileOfficers & DirectorsCorporate GovernanceMergers & AcquisitionsDeposit MarketshareBranch LocatorBranch MapPress Releases & Investor PresentationsPress ReleasesArchived Earnings ReleasesInvestor Presentations & ReportsInvestor Fact SheetWebcastsStock InformationStock ChartBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorHistoric PricesStock Splits & DividendsAnalyst EstimatesInsider SEC FilingsInsider TransactionsInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationSEC Filings & Annual ReportAcquisition Tax InformationFinancial HighlightsPeer AnalysisCredit RatingsInvestor ServicesInvestors Choice ProgramEvent CalendarEmail NotificationInformation RequestFAQRSS FeedsEntire IR Site
              Press Releases Only
              Filings Only
            Officers & DirectorsCOMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. (NYSE - CBU) Click on a person's name or image to view his or her biography. Click on a person's name to view his or her biography.Senior ManagementMark E. TryniskiPresident & Chief Executive OfficerMark E. Tryniski was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in August 2006 and was elected to the Board of Directors at that time. Mr. Tryniski has been with the bank since 2003, serving first as its Chief Financial Officer, and more recently, as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. 

Prior to his position with Community Bank System, Tryniski was a partner in the Syracuse office of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, with 18 years of experience working with SEC registrants in banking and other industries.  

Mr. Tryniski has a BS degree from Oswego State University of New York, and is a Certified Public Accountant.  

He is active in many civic and educational organizations, including the Everson Museum of Art, the Hospice Foundation of Central New York, and Oswego State University.Bernadette R. BarberSenior Vice President & Chief Human Resources OfficerSince February 2, 2005, Bernadette R. Barber has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Community Bank System, Inc. and its principal banking subsidiary, Community Bank, N.A., both headquartered in DeWitt, New York.

Immediately prior to joining CBSI, Ms. Barber served since 1997 as Vice President of Human Resources and Administration for The Penn Traffic Company, a $3 Billion supermarket industry wholesaler, retailer, and manufacturer, at its headquarters in Syracuse, New York. Her responsibilities at Penn Traffic encompassed leading and managing its corporate human resources function including employee benefits, payroll, risk management, labor relations, training and organizational development, diversity, and public relations. She also served on its Senior Officer Management Committee.

From 1990 to 1997 Ms. Barber worked in various management positions with Penn Traffic. Prior to 1990 Ms. Barber was employed in various human resource management positions for several companies including American General Life Insurance Company. 

Ms. Barber holds a B.S degree from Binghamton University and several human resource professional designations and is active in a variety of business and civic organizations. George J. Burke Jr.Senior Vice President and Director of Mortgage LendingGeorge J. Burke Jr. was promoted to Vice President/Director of Mortgage Lending in April 2011 and joined the Senior Management Committee in December 2013. Mr. Burke joined the company in 2008, as Vice President Information Technology.

Prior to joining Community Bank NA, Mr. Burke was employed at Partners Trust Bank in Utica New York. During his 20 year career at Partners trust, Mr. Burke held numerous management roles in lending, secondary marketing, strategic planning, and information technology. Immediately prior to coming to Community Bank, Mr. Burke was Senior Vice President of Information Technology for Partners Trust. 

Mr. Burke began his banking career in 1976 at Syracuse Savings Bank, where he held numerous roles in loan operations, and Secondary Marketing.

He lives in Sherrill, New York with his wife, Jeanette, and is active in various Community Organizations.Brian D. DonahueExecutive Vice President & Chief Banking OfficerBrian D. Donahue began his banking career with First Trust Union Bank in Western New York in early 1980.  While there he held various positions which included Team Leader in the Middle Market Commercial Lending unit as well as heading up the Small Business Bank division until his departure in 1992 to join Community Bank, N.A.  Donahue has a  diversified background with other areas of expertise including human resources, branch management, and retail indirect and mortgage lending.  

Upon joining Community Bank, N.A., Mr. Donahue was named Senior Loan Officer in the Southern Region and in February 2000 was named Chief Credit Officer for the entire bank. 

Mr. Donahue holds a B. A. degree from St. Bonaventure University and is active in a variety of banking, business and civic organizations.Susan S. FoxSenior Vice President & Chief Information OfficerGeorge J. GetmanExecutive Vice President & General CounselGeorge J. Getman was appointed Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Community Bank System, Inc. and Community Bank, N.A. in January 2008.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Getman was senior partner with Bond, Schoeneck & King, PLLC and served as corporate counsel to the Company on a broad range of matters, including mergers and acquisitions, SEC and other regulatory reporting, banking law and corporate governance.

Mr. Getman is a graduate of Hamilton College and Cornell Law School.  He is a member of the American and New York State Bar Associations, and the Lawyers Advisory Committee of the New York Bankers Association.Stephen G. HardySenior Vice President & Chief Credit AdministratorStephen G. Hardy was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Credit Administrator for Community Bank System in December 2006.  He has overall responsibility for the Bank’s credit management and administration activities, as well as loan policy development, portfolio reporting, and the loan workout function.     

Mr. Hardy’s banking history spans over thirty years and includes extensive experience in all aspects of commercial banking and credit administration.  He began his banking career at PNC Bank (and its predecessor bank in Northeastern PA) where he held a variety of management positions over an eighteen-year period, including Chief Corporate Banking Credit Officer, Regional Manager of Corporate Banking, and Credit Policy Manager for the Northeastern PA market.  Mr. Hardy’s other banking experience includes senior level operations management and lending roles with Natwest Bank, USA and its successor, Fleet Bank, in the Northeastern PA market.  He came to Community Bank System via its acquisition of First Liberty Bank and Trust, where he managed the Operations Division and was First Liberty’s Senior Loan Officer.  Most recently, Hardy was responsible for Community Bank System’s Credit Risk Management function.

Mr. Hardy graduated from Plymouth State University (NH) with a B.S. degree in Business Administration and attended the Stonier Graduate School of Banking.  He is a former president of the Northeastern PA Chapter of RMA, the Risk Management Association and is active in a variety of business and civic organizations.  Richard M. HeidrickSenior Vice President & Director of Consumer LendingDick Heidrick was promoted to Senior Vice President and Retail Banking Administrator of Community Bank, N.A. and appointed to the Senior Management Committee in July 2006.  His job responsibilities expanded to include oversight of branch administration, retail lending and facilities on a bank wide basis for 124 branch offices throughout Upstate New York  and Northeastern Pennsylvania.  He will continue his role with upper-level management administering the consumer indirect loan portfolio.

Mr. Heidrick’s 24-year banking career began in 1981 with Cattaraugus County Bank.  Since joining Community Bank, N.A. in May of 1986 as a loan and business development officer, Mr. Heidrick has held numerous management positions within the lending, collections and facilities areas.  In 1998, he was promoted to the position of Vice-President in Loan Administration.  

Mr. Heidrick received his bachelor’s degree in Business Administration in 1980 from Thiel College with advanced MBA coursework from St. Bonaventure University in 1993.   He began his professional career on the teaching faculty of Franklinville Central Schools as a business teacher and coach.  He lives in Allegany, New York with his wife, Lorraine, and children Nicole, Kris and Ricky and is active in various business and civic organizations including assistant coaching of the Allegany-Limestone varsity program.Scott A. KingsleyExecutive Vice President & Chief Financial OfficerScott A. Kingsley joined the company in August 2004 and serves as Treasurer of Community Bank System, Inc. and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Community Bank, N.A., its principal banking subsidiary.

Prior to his position with Community Bank, Mr. Kingsley was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Carlisle Engineered Products, Inc., an Ohio-based subsidiary of the Carlisle Companies, Inc.  Mr. Kingsley also worked for the Syracuse, New York office of PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1986-1994, rising to the level of Senior Manager.  

Mr. Kingsley has a BS degree from Clarkson University in Potsdam, New York, and is a certified public accountant. Joseph J. LemchakSenior Vice President & Chief Investment OfficerJoseph J. Lemchak joined Community Bank System, Inc. (CBSI) in April 1990, as Assistant Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Horizon Bank, a wholly-owned bank subsidiary of CBSI. Since May 1991, he has served in the duel capacity of Chief Investment Officer and Asset/Liability Manager for the Company. When Mr. Lemchak assumed his responsibility, investments outstanding were $193 Million with no net capital market borrowings.  As of December 31, 2004, investments have increased to $1.50 Billion, with capital market borrowings of nearly $800 Million.

Prior to CBSI, Mr. Lemchak worked as a commercial lender with Chittenden Trust Company, a Vermont based lending institution, from 1989 to 1990, and Security Norstar Bank in Rochester NY, subsequently acquired by Fleet Bank, from 1984 to 1989.

Mr. Lemchak is a 1983 graduate of the University of Rochester, earning a B.A. in Economics.Barbara A. MacullochPresident of Pennsylvania BankingBarbara Maculloch is President of Pennsylvania Banking, leading Community Bank’s regional growth and marketing efforts in all areas of banking, including the retail, commercial and wealth management divisions. In addition, she is responsible for all 32 branches within Pennsylvania’s footprint, covering Luzerne, Lackawanna, Wyoming, Bradford, Susquehanna and Carbon counties. 


Maculloch has more than 30 years of experience in the banking industry and has served in various positions throughout her career, beginning as a teller. Prior to joining the Community Bank N.A. team in 2011, she was vice president with M&T Bank responsible for its private banking division in northeast Pennsylvania. She also spent time with PNC Bank and Wyoming National Bank.


Outside of the office, Maculloch is an active leader in her community, serving on numerous boards, including United Way of Wyoming Valley, Geisinger Wyoming Valley Advisory Council, Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber of Commerce Industrial Fund, Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce, and the Wilkes-Barre YMCA Board of Trustees.  She is also a member of Circle 200.  


Maculloch is a graduate of Misericordia University, earning a Bachelor of Science in business administration with a concentration in banking. She is a graduate of Leadership Wilkes-Barre and was honored as its 2007 recipient of the Distinguished Alumni Award. In addition, Maculloch was named one of the Top 25 Women in Business by the Northeast Pennsylvania Business Journal in 2015 and earned the Community Stewardship Award from North Branch Land Trust in 2016.Nicholas S. RussellSenior Vice President & Senior Commercial Lending Officer - Northern NYNick Russell began employment with Community Bank, N.A. in January 2001 as Vice President and Commercial Lender in the bank’s Canton, New York market.  Mr. Russell was promoted to Senior Vice President of Commercial Banking for the Northern Region and appointed to the Senior Management Committee in October 2006.  Previously, he had served as Vice President and Commercial Team Leader since November 2004.

Immediately prior to joining Community Bank, N.A., Mr. Russell served as Vice President at Key Bank, N.A. in the middle market corporate banking group in Massena, New York.  His responsibilities at Key Bank included duties as a corporate lender in a two county area. He was a private banking officer and small business lender for Key Bank prior to becoming a middle market lender. Mr. Russell started his banking career at Citizens National Bank of Malone, Malone, New York in 1993 and gained experience as a credit analyst and small business lender. Community Bank acquired Citizens National Bank of Malone in January 2001. 

Mr. Russell is active in various business and civic organizations.Joseph F. SerbunSenior Vice President & Chief Credit OfficerJoseph F. Serbun began employment with Community Bank, N.A. in 2008 as Vice President and Commercial Lending Officer at the company headquarters in DeWitt, New York. 

Immediately prior to joining Community Bank, N.A., Mr. Serbun, a 26 year banking veteran, worked with middle market and small business clientele as Vice President and Senior Relationship Banker at Partners Trust Bank.  Earlier in his career he was employed by JPMorgan Chase Bank for over 20 years, working in both the middle market and business banking segments. 

Mr. Serbun graduated from State University of New York at Oneonta and is active in numerous community boards.  He currently resides in Camillus, New York with his wife Christine and three children Joseph, Stephen and Michael.Joseph E. SutarisSenior Vice President, Municipal Banking DirectorJoseph E. Sutaris joined Community Bank N.A. in April 2011. He currently serves as the Senior Vice President, Municipal Banking Director. Prior to being appointed as the Municipal Banking Director, Mr. Sutaris served as the Senior Vice President and Regional Banking Executive for Community Bank N.A.’s Central New York Region.  

Prior to joining Community Bank N.A., Mr. Sutaris served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of The Wilber Corporation and its principal bank subsidiary, Wilber National Bank, based in Oneonta, New York.  Prior to joining Wilber in 1995, Mr. Sutaris worked for a privately-held investment holding company from 1988 to 1994. 

Mr. Sutaris holds BA and MBA degrees from Rutgers University, New Jersey.  He is also a graduate of the American Bankers Association’s Stonier Graduate School of Banking at Georgetown University, Washington D.C. and the New York Bankers Associate Graduate School of Management held at West Point New York Military Academy. 

Mr. Sutaris is active in several community based not-for-profit organizations and serves on the Advisory Board of a Small Business Investment Company based in Radnor, PA.Paul J. WardSenior Vice President & Chief Risk OfficerPaul Ward was promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, and was appointed to the Senior Management Committee in September 2007. Ward is responsible for coordinating the organizations Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) approach, which includes strategic, operational, financial and compliance risk assessment. This involves oversight of the compliance, loan review, security and information security functions. Other responsibilities include insurance administration, coordination with internal audit and sarbanes-oxley, and certain aspects of vendor/ litigation management. Mr. Ward was the Director of Risk Management for NBT Bancorp prior to joining Community Bank. Paul holds a Bachelors degree in Accounting from the State University of New York at Oswego, and an MBA from Syracuse University.Harold M. WentworthSenior Vice President - Retail Banking, Sales & MarketingSince January 1, 2005 Harold M Wentworth has served as Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing of Community Bank System, Inc. and its principal banking subsidiary Community Bank, N.A., both headquartered in DeWitt NY.

Mr. Wentworth joined Community Bank System, Inc. in 1988 in one of its then subsidiary banks, Horizon Bank, a $90 million bank based in Waterloo NY.  Starting as a credit analyst, Wentworth worked his way up to Director of Operations before the Company’s five subsidiary banks were consolidated in 1991.  

In 1991, Mr. Wentworth moved to DeWitt becoming the Financial Analysis Manager and later the Asset Liability Manager/Investment Officer.

Mr. Wentworth holds a B.S. degree from Cornell University.J. Michael WilsonSenior Vice President & Chief Technology OfficerJ. Michael Wilson Joined Community Bank System, Inc. in June 2002 as Vice President of Information Technology and assumed his current position in October 2004.  Prior to joining the company, he held the position of Director of Technology Services for Unizan Bank in Ohio with previous Information Technology experience in the manufacturing sector.

Mr. Wilson holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from Mount Vernon Nazarene University and a degree in Computer Science from Muskingum Area Technical College.  Board of Directors - Community Bank System, Inc. and Community Bank, N.A.Sally A. SteeleChairpersonSally A. Steele has served as a Director of the Company since November 2003 and has been Chairperson since January 2017.  Ms. Steele operates a law practice in Tunkhannock, PA.Brian R. AceBrian Ace has served as a Director of the Company since November 2003.  He is owner of Laceyville Hardware in Laceyville, PA, a member of the Laceyville Business Association and Chairman of the Laceyville Revitalization project.Mark J. BolusMark J. Bolus became a member of the Community Bank, N.A. Board of Directors in January 2009 and a member of the Community Bank System, Inc. Board of Directors in February 2010.  Mr. Bolus is President and majority owner of Bolus Motor Lines, Inc. and Bolus Freight Systems, Inc. of Scranton, PA.Jeffrey L. DavisJeffrey L. Davis became a member of the Boards of Community Bank, N.A. and Community Bank System, Inc. in May 2017. Mr. Davis served as a director of Merchants Bancshares, Inc. and Merchants Bank from 1993 to 2017. He is President of J.L. Davis, Inc., a construction and development firm, and President of Taft Corners Associates, a development firm. He is also a former president of the Vermont Special Olympics.Nicholas A. DiCerboNicholas A. DiCerbo has been a Director of the Company since 1984 and served as Chairman from January 2012 to December 2016.  Mr. DiCerbo is a partner of the law firm of DiCerbo & Palumbo of Olean, New York.Neil E. FesetteNeil J. Fessette became a member of the Community Bank, N.A. Board of Directors in January 2009 and a member of the Community Bank System, Inc. Board of Directors in February 2010.  Mr. Fesette, a Certified Property Manager, is the Owner, President and Chief Executive Officer of Fesette Realty, LLC and Fesette Property Management, both of which are located in Plattsburgh, N.Y.James A. GabrielJames A. Gabriel has been a Director of the Company since 1984. He served as Chairman of the Board from January 1999 to June 2006. Mr. Gabriel is owner of the Franklin & Gabriel law firm, located in Ovid, New York.Michael R. KalletMichael R. Kallet has over 30 years of experience in the banking industry serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Oneida Financial Corp. (“Oneida Financial”) and Oneida Savings Bank from March 1990 through the closing.  Mr. Kallet was appointed to Oneida Savings Bank’s Board of Directors in 1997 and was elected Chairperson of the Board in 2008.  Mr. Kallet was appointed to Oneida Financial’s Board of Directors in 1997 and elected Chairperson of the Board in May 2014.  Mr. Kallet also served as the President of Oneida Financial from March 1990 through May 2014 and as President of Oneida Savings Bank from March 1990 through December 1, 2011.  During his tenure at Oneida Savings Bank, Mr. Kallet has served as an active member of the Asset/Liability, Officer Loan, Trust Investment and Marketing Committees.Edward S. MucenskiLead DirectorEdward S. Mucenski became a member of the Community Bank, N.A. Board of Directors in January 2009 and a member of the Community Bank System, Inc. Board of Directors in February 2010.  Mr. Mucenski is a Certified Public Accountant and a partner and Managing Director of the Pinto Mucenski Hooper VanHouse & Co., P.C. accounting firm in Potsdam, N.Y.John ParenteJohn Parente has served as a member of the Community Bank, N.A. Board of Directors since January 2009 and as a member of the Community Bank System, Inc. Board of Directors since February 2010.  Mr. Parente is Chief Executive Officer of  CP Media, LLC of  Wilkes-Barre, PA, an owner and operator of broadcast television stations.Raymond C. Pecor IIIRaymond C. Pecor, III became a member of the Boards of Community Bank, N.A. and Community Bank System, Inc. in May 2017. Mr. Pecor was elected to the Merchants Bancshares, Inc. Board in 2012. He served as a member of the Board of Directors of Merchants Bank from 2009 to 2012. He is President of Lake Champlain Transportation Company in Burlington, Vermont, and serves on the board of the Champlain Valley Expo.Eric E. StickelsEric E. Stickels has over 30 years of experience in the banking industry serving as the President, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary of Oneida Financial Corp. (“Oneida Financial”) from May 2014 through the closing.  He previously served as Executive Vice President, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of Oneida Financial from April 2003 through May 2014.  From December 1, 2011 to the closing, Mr. Stickels served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Oneida Savings Bank.  Between January 2003 and December 1, 2011, Mr. Stickels served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Oneida Savings Bank.  Mr. Stickels was appointed to the Board of Directors of Oneida Financial and Oneida Savings Bank in December 2013 and served as a member of their Asset/Liability, Trust Investment, Compliance, Information Technology, Officer Loan and Marketing Committees.Mark E. TryniskiMark E. Tryniski was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in August 2006 and was elected to the Board of Directors at that time. Mr. Tryniski has been with the bank since 2003, serving first as its Chief Financial Officer, and more recently, as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. 

Prior to his position with Community Bank System, Tryniski was a partner in the Syracuse office of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, with 18 years of experience working with SEC registrants in banking and other industries.  

Mr. Tryniski has a BS degree from Oswego State University of New York, and is a Certified Public Accountant.  

He is active in many civic and educational organizations, including the Everson Museum of Art, the Hospice Foundation of Central New York, and Oswego State University.John F. Whipple Jr.John F. Whipple became a member of the Community Bank, N.A. Board of Directors in January 2009 and a member of the Community Bank System, Inc. Board of Directors in February 2010.  Mr. Whipple is a Certfied Public Accountant and the Chief Executive Officer and a shareholder of Buffamante Whipple Buttafaro, P.C., a regional certified public accounting and business advisory firm with offices in Olean, Jamestown and Orchard Park, New York.  Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseCorporate ProfileOfficers & DirectorsCorporate GovernanceMergers & AcquisitionsDeposit MarketshareBranch LocatorBranch MapPress ReleasesArchived Earnings ReleasesInvestor Presentations & ReportsInvestor Fact SheetWebcastsStock ChartBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorHistoric PricesStock Splits & DividendsAnalyst EstimatesInsider SEC FilingsInsider TransactionsInstitutional OwnershipSEC Filings & Annual ReportAcquisition Tax InformationFinancial HighlightsPeer AnalysisCredit RatingsInvestors Choice ProgramEvent CalendarEmail NotificationInformation RequestFAQRSS Feeds   Mark Tryniski | Community Bank System , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com








Mark E. Tryniski - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Mark E. Tryniski
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Community Bank System, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Mark E. Tryniski? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark E. Tryniski's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark E. Tryniski's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark E. Tryniski's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark E. Tryniski through your network of contacts.
												








Mark E. Tryniski's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Community Bank System, Inc.


Past
To view Mark E. Tryniski's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Mark E. Tryniski's Biography




			President and Chief Executive Officer of Community Bank System, Inc. (NYSE: CBU); former partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP; Chairman of the Board of the Company and previous Lead Independent Director; Director of New York Bankers Association; and Director of the New York Business Development Corporation.  As noted below, the Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Tryniski is independent, and is an audit committee financial expert.
		
Source: CONMED Corporation on 03/31/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark E. Tryniski's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mark E. Tryniski. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark E. Tryniski's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark E. Tryniski's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark E. Tryniski through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mark E. Tryniski


















Mark E. Tryniski's Connections (76)





Sign up now to view Mark E. Tryniski's 76 connections »









Martha G. Aronson
Board Member, Hutchinson Technology Inc.









Michael R. Kallet
Board Member, Community Bank System, Inc.









Eric E. Stickels
Board Member, Community Bank System, Inc.









Brian R. Ace
Board Member, Community Bank System, Inc.









Sanford A. Belden
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director, Community Bank System, Inc.









Sally A. Steele
Chairman of the Board, Community Bank System, Inc.









Thomas A. McCullough
Former President, Pennsylvania Banking, Community Bank System, Inc.









Dirk M. Kuyper
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Alphatec Holdings, Inc.









Robert D. Shallish
Former Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, CONMED Corporation









John L. Workman
Board Member, Federal Signal Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	
        Compensation Information for Mark E. Tryniski , President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Mark E. Tryniski 
Executive Compensation
As President, Chief Executive Officer and Director at COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM INC, Mark E. Tryniski  made $2,086,968 in total compensation.  Of this total $744,937 was received as a salary, $402,267 was received as a bonus, $228,073 was received in stock options, $679,665 was awarded as stock and $32,026 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Mark E. Tryniski ,  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director at COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Scott A. Kingsley 
Brian D. Donahue 
George J. Getman 
Joseph F. Serbun 







Mark E. Tryniski 


Base Pay$744,937
Bonus + Incentive Comp$402,267
Total Cash Compensation$1,147,204


Stock Award Value$679,665
Option Award Value$228,073
Total Equity$907,738



Total Other$32,026



Total Compensation$2,086,968




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 



Mark E Tryniski - Baldwinsville, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Mark E Tryniski in Baldwinsville, NY


Mark E Tryniski

                                                                           Intelius found that Mark E Tryniski  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Baldwinsville, NY.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 12 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Mark E Tryniski is in his 50s

Mark Has Lived In

Baldwinsville, NY
Canton, NY
Cicero, NY

Mark's Relatives

Matthew Tryniski
Michael Tryniski
Kellie Tryniski
Timothy Tryniski







Mark E Tryniski



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at CONMED Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Mark? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Mark, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Mark E Tryniski
Get a Criminal Check on Mark E Tryniski
Get a Public Record Report on Mark E Tryniski
Get a People Search Report on Mark E Tryniski


Mark E Tryniski's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Mark E Tryniski has lived as well as Mark E Tryniski's phone numbers and email addresses.




Mark E Tryniski Has Lived in 2 States
New York Address for Mark E Tryniski


1964 P****** W** 

Baldwinsville, NY


Has Lived In

Baldwinsville, NY
Canton, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Mark E Tryniski

() ***-**** - Baldwinsville, NY 
(315) ***-**** - Syracuse, NY 
(315) ***-**** - Jamesville, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Mark E Tryniski

m***********i@***.com
m**********i@***.com
m*******i@***.com


Get Email Report




Mark E Tryniski's Professional Information
Information regarding Mark E Tryniski's professional history.  Find out previous places Mark E Tryniski has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mark E Tryniski Has Worked at 15 Places
Company: CONMED Corporation
               Title: Board Member
Company: Community Bank
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Mark E Tryniski's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: CONMED Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000. CONMED is a medical technology company that provides surgical devices and equipment for minimally invasive procedures. The Company's products are used by surgeons and physicians in a variety of specialties, including orthopedics, general surgery, gynecology, neurosurgery, and gastroenterology. The Company distributes its products worldwide from several manufacturing locations. CONMED has a direct selling presence in 17 countries, and international sales constitute approximately 50% of the Company's total sales. Headquartered in Utica, New York, the Company employs approximately 3,400 people.
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Community Bank
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000. Community Bank, N.A. and its Pennsylvania division, First Liberty Bank and Trust, are pleased to announce that they now offer Health Savings Accounts. Health Savings Accounts, or HSAs, are bank accounts that were created by Congress as part of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act passed in January 2004 to help individuals pay for current and future medical expenses with pre-tax dollars, and possibly accumulate funds that may be used to pay for future medical expenses tax free. Industry and government consultants are touting HSAs as a way to make healthcare more affordable at the same time businesses and individuals are looking to reduce these rapidly rising expenses.  HSAs are federally tax-exempt and are used to pay for qualified medical expenses. Employers, employees, or both can contribute to the account on a pre-tax basis and funds can be rolled over from year to year unlike more familiar flexible spending accounts. And since HSAs are owned by the individual, they are portable and can be taken with them should they change jobs.  Customers for HSAs are generally small business owners or self-employed individuals and their families who have High Deductible Health plans, or employees of businesses which offer High Deductible Health Savings Plan options, and who wish to make HSA deposits and access healthcare dollars at a local bank. High Deductible Health plans are available from many insurers and are sold by brokers and independent insurance agents as well as the companies own Community Investment Services, Inc. financial consultants which operate within the bank's branch offices by appointment.
Additional Professional Information on Mark E Tryniski

 See Mark E Tryniski's LinkedIn Profile



Mark E Tryniski's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Mark E Tryniski


Mark E Tryniski's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Mark E Tryniski's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Mark Tryniski
Username Matches

                  MarkTryniski
                  TryniskiMark
                  Mark.Tryniski
                  Tryniski.Mark
                  Mark_Tryniski
                  Tryniski_Mark
                  Mark-Tryniski
                  Tryniski-Mark
                  MTryniski
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Tryniski







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











Mark E. Tryniski, Dir., Pres., CEO, Community Bank System Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Mark Tryniski 





 


Mark Tryniski

 

Dir., Pres., CEO - Community Bank System Inc.

 


Mark Tryniski Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Community Bank System Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.communitybankna.com 

 

Company Address : 
5790 Widewaters Pkwy., Dewitt, NY,United States, 


 


Mark Tryniski Profile :
Dir., Pres., CEO - Community Bank System Inc. 

 


Mark Tryniski Biography :


Mark E. Tryniski was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in August 2006. He has been with the bank since 2003, serving first as its Chief Financial Officer, and more recently, as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to his position with Community Bank System, Tryniski was a partner in the Syracuse office of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, with 18 years of experience working with SEC registrants in banking and other industries. Mr. Tryniski has a BS degree from Oswego State University of New York, and is a certified public accountant. He is active in many civic and educational organizations, including the Everson Museum of Art, the Hospice Foundation of Central New York, and Oswego State University. 

 


Mark Tryniski Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Timothy Baker 
Sr. VP, Dir. - Special Projects 
Please login 


Bernadette Barber 
Sr. VP, Chief Human Resource Officer 
Please login 


Michael Wilson 
Sr. VP, CTO 
Please login 


James Gabriel 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Brian Ace 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.








Mark  Tryniski's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
T
Tryniski

Mark  Tryniski




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 737476879Mark  Tryniski1964 PenfoldBville, NY 13027(315) 638-4649Background Check - Available
Record ID: 737476880Mark E Tryniski1964 PenfoldBaldwinsville, NY 13027Age 57 (Born Jul 1960)(315) 638-4649Background Check - Available
Record ID: 739976918Mark E Tryniski6173 Pinion DrCicero, NY 13039(315) 699-8703Background Check - Available
Record ID: 739976919Mark E Tryniski1964 Penfold WayBaldwinsville, NY 13027Age 57 (Born Jul 1960)(315) 638-4649Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017




   Mark Tryniski | Community Bank System , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Mark Tryniski |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Mark Tryniski Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Mark Tryniski
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    MARK E. TRYNISKI (age 51) has served as a Director of the Company since May 2007 and Lead Independent Director since May 2009. He is the President and... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2007


Conmed Corporation

--

--



2006


Community Bank System Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 





Mark E. Tryniski of Community Bank System Inc Board of Directors

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



Community Bank System Inc
 CBU


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Board of Directors
                > Mark E. Tryniski
            
Mark E. Tryniski, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of Company and Bank



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Mr. Tryniski, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Tryniski assumed his current position in August 2006. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from March 2004 to July 2006 and as the Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer from June 2003 to March 2004. He previously served as a partner in the Syracuse office of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees







Community Bank System Inc
2006
BOARD







Conmed Corp
-
AUDIT,BOARD,CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING,STRATEGY







Mark E. Tryniski is connected to 20 Board Members.See list of all Board Connections.

 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 













