    Joseph Turgeon | Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc | ZoomInfo.com    Joseph Turgeon | Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Turgeon Joseph W. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Turgeon Joseph W.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-03Tax Withholding
2016-12-066:23 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
1,710
$4
250,590(Direct)
View


2016-10-29Tax Withholding
2016-11-014:58 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
1,710
$3.67
252,300(Direct)
View


2016-04-17Tax Withholding
2016-04-194:29 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
8,205
$7.38
254,010(Direct)
View


2016-03-22Option Award
2016-03-244:40 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
50,000
$0
262,215(Direct)
View


2016-02-18Tax Withholding
2016-02-225:07 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
3,822
$4.55
212,215(Direct)
View


2015-12-18Option Award
2015-12-184:05 pm
N/A2025-12-18
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
500,000
$5.86
500,000(Direct)
View


2015-12-03Tax Withholding
2015-12-044:18 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
1,710
$5.8
216,037(Direct)
View


2015-10-29Tax Withholding
2015-10-305:16 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
1,710
$5.32
217,747(Direct)
View


2015-04-17Tax Withholding
2015-04-204:56 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
8,205
$6.09
219,457(Direct)
View


2015-02-18Option Award
2015-02-206:44 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
50,000
$0
231,322(Direct)
View


2015-02-18Tax Withholding
2015-02-206:44 pm
N/AN/A
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
SPPI
Turgeon Joseph W.President & COO
3,660
$7.23
231,322(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 21:18:47 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Joseph W Turgeon - Clearwater, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Joseph W Turgeon in Clearwater, FL


Joseph W Turgeon

                                                                           Intelius found that Joseph W Turgeon  is  a male between 60 and 60 years old from Clearwater, FL.  We have connected them to
                16 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Joe Wayne Turgeon


Get Report Now

Age

Joseph W Turgeon is in his 60s

Joseph Has Lived In

Clearwater, FL
Newbury Park, CA
Thousand Oaks, CA

Joseph's Relatives

Kelly Turgeon
Rocky Turgeon
Sean Turgeon
Erin Turgeon







Joseph W Turgeon



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President, Sales & Commercial Operations at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Joseph? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Joseph, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Joseph W Turgeon
Get a Criminal Check on Joseph W Turgeon
Get a Public Record Report on Joseph W Turgeon
Get a People Search Report on Joseph W Turgeon


Joseph W Turgeon's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Joseph W Turgeon has lived as well as Joseph W Turgeon's phone numbers and email addresses.




Joseph W Turgeon Has Lived in 6 States
Florida Address for Joseph W Turgeon


2074 C******* L* 

Clearwater, FL


Has Lived In

Clearwater, FL
Newbury Park, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Joseph W Turgeon

(805) ***-**** - Thousand Oaks, CA 
(702) ***-**** - Westlake Village, CA 
(805) ***-**** - Newbury Park, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Joseph W Turgeon

g******9@***.com
j******n@***.com
j******n@***.com


Get Email Report




Joseph W Turgeon's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Joseph W Turgeon's academic history.  Find out which schools Joseph W Turgeon attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Joseph W Turgeon received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph W Turgeon Has Attended 1 School
Univ of Mississippi Main 


Joseph W Turgeon's Professional Information
Information regarding Joseph W Turgeon's professional history.  Find out previous places Joseph W Turgeon has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph W Turgeon Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
               Title: Senior Vice President, Sales & Commercial Operations
Company: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
               Title: Cco
Joseph W Turgeon's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President, Sales & Commercial Operations
               Company: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Title: Cco
               Company: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: Unknown
Additional Professional Information on Joseph W Turgeon

 See Joseph W Turgeon's LinkedIn Profile



Joseph W Turgeon's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Joseph W Turgeon


Joseph W Turgeon's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Joseph W Turgeon's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Joseph Turgeon
Username Matches

                  JosephTurgeon
                  TurgeonJoseph
                  Joseph.Turgeon
                  Turgeon.Joseph
                  Joseph_Turgeon
                  Turgeon_Joseph
                  Joseph-Turgeon
                  Turgeon-Joseph
                  JTurgeon
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Turgeon







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Joseph W Turgeon from IN Police Arrest Report ID 4315706


 








 







Police Arrest Reports


Home
Search Statistics
Recent
Arrests
Login
Available on the App Store




















Select State
Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
 












Home



Indiana



Marion


Joseph W Turgeon

 









Police Report for Joseph W Turgeon
Police Arrests Record ID: 4315706





GET MORE
								INFO







Suspect First Name
											Joseph

Suspect Last Name
											Turgeon

Suspect Middle Name
											W







Aliases
											







Date of Birth
											

Arrest Date
											

Age
											

Sex
											

Race
											

Ethnicity
											







Height
											

Weight
											

Hair
											

Eye
											

Place of Birth
											Indiana







Address
											

State
											Indiana







Total Bond
											5000

Booking Date
											

Location
											







Summary
											
												 Joseph W Turgeon was arrested in Marion, Indiana for PUBLIC INTOXICATION/MB. All suspects are presumed innocent until proven guilty. Marion County Law Enforcement and others with information about this arrest and related court dates can be contacted for updated information on this arrest.											




 







Statute code/Charge
											PUBLIC INTOXICATION/MB

Level
											Misdemeanor







Charge: PUBLIC INTOXICATION/MB													 
Degree: B													 
Level: Misdemeanor

Bond: $5000
Court Type: F11

Charging Agency: 

Arresting Agency: 






Get Full Report
*Average report length is 21 pages







What was Joseph W Turgeon arrested for?
Turgeon Joseph was arrested on charges of PUBLIC INTOXICATION/MB.


Is this a mug shot of Joseph Turgeon?
Unfortunately, a mug shot of Joseph is unavailable at this time. You may contact Marion County Law Enforcement to request one.


Are any other mug shots of Joseph W Turgeon available?
Additional mug shots of Turgeon Joseph may be available from Marion County Law Enforcement.




DISCLAIMER: Arrest records of
						Joseph W Turgeon are public documents for informational purposes only.
						All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty, and publication here does not indicate
						that Joseph W Turgeon has committed a criminal offense.
						This information should not be used to determine Joseph W Turgeon's eligibility for credit,
						employment, housing or other business transactions.
						Contact the law enforcement officials in Indiana for further information
						on Joseph W Turgeon's legal status.


If you have more information about Joseph W Turgeon, please share below 



*Use the contact form to speak with a representative


Recently Arrested in Marion, Indiana


Raymond Dean Crabtree									


Clayton Lamar Cowans									


Kevin Couch									


Steven D Cosand									


Sergio I Cordero									


Joseph Scott Copeland									


Gregory Lee Campbell									


David Lee Boyd									


Derek Thomas Akers									


Misty Cooper									


Dudley Cooper									


Derrick Cooper									


Monique L Cooley									


Patrick Ryan Cook									


Dontez Conway									


Roger D Conn									


Kory W Berkhardt									


Manuel Colon									


Joseph F Collins									


Emmanuel Trevon Collins									


Robert L Coleman									


Jason Scott Coleman									


Alexis Cole									


Carmine Colalucci									





















SPPI Joseph W. Turgeon Insider Trades for Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NASDAQ: SPPI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:48 p.m.


SPPI

/quotes/zigman/89667/composite


$
7.45




Change

-0.08
-1.05%

Volume
Volume 11,700
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/89667/composite
Today's close

$
			7.36
		


$
				7.53
			
Change

+0.17
+2.31%





Day low
Day high
$7.30
$7.56










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.21
        

            $8.28
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Joseph W. Turgeon



Mr. Joseph G. Turgeon is President & Chief Operating Officer at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Jacksonville University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/17/2017
8,205


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.32 per share.


51,856


03/28/2017
4,562


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.69 per share.


30,520


03/28/2017
66,717


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/22/2017
3,419


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.42 per share.


21,950


02/18/2017
4,026


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $5.91 per share.


23,794


12/03/2016
1,710


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4 per share.


6,840


10/29/2016
1,710


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3.67 per share.


6,276


04/17/2016
8,205


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $7.38 per share.


60,553


03/22/2016
50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/18/2016
3,822


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


17,391


12/03/2015
1,710


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $5.8 per share.


9,918


10/29/2015
1,710


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $5.32 per share.


9,098


04/17/2015
8,205


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.09 per share.


49,969


02/18/2015
3,660


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $7.23 per share.


26,462


02/18/2015
50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/03/2014
1,710


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $7.29 per share.


12,466


10/29/2014
1,710


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $7.65 per share.


13,082


04/17/2014
120,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/03/2013
25,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Rajesh C.  Shrotriya 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Joseph W. Turgeon 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Kurt A. Gustafson 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Thomas J. Riga 
Chief Commercial Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Bimal R. Shah 
Vice President-Corporate & Business Development




Dr. Pramod K. Gupta 
Senior Vice President-Pharmaceutical Operations




Ms. Lisa A. Croissant 
Vice President-Sales




Mr. Shiv S.  Kapoor 
VP-Strategic Planning & Investor Relations




Mr. Abraham Noah Oler 
Chief of Staff & Vice President-Operations




Mr. Raymond Wayne Cohen 
Independent Non-Executive Director




Dr. Dolatrai  Vyas 
Independent Non-Executive Director




Mr. Gilles R. Gagnon 
Independent Non-Executive Director




Dr. Luigi  Lenaz 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Dr. Stuart Mitchell Krassner 
Independent Non-Employee Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:18 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 



Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Promotes and Appoints Joseph Turgeon as President and Chief Operating Officer | Business Wire
























































Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Promotes and Appoints Joseph Turgeon as 
      President and Chief Operating Officer





Joseph Turgeon has more than 30 years of experience in the biotech 
        industry, including 22 years at Amgen; until recently was Spectrum’s 
        Chief Commercial Officer


Thomas Riga promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial 
        Officer; Tom has more than 15 years’ experience in the biotech 
        industry, which includes Amgen, Eli Lilly, and Dendreon; until 
        recently was Spectrum’s VP of Corporate Accounts







April 21, 2014 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



HENDERSON, Nev.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spectrum Pharmaceuticals (NasdaqGS: SPPI), a biotechnology company with 
      fully integrated commercial and drug development operations with a 
      primary focus in hematology and oncology, today announced the promotion 
      of Joseph Turgeon to President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Turgeon 
      was previously Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. 
      Spectrum also announced the promotion of Thomas Riga to Senior Vice 
      President, Chief Commercial Officer. Mr. Riga was previously Vice 
      President, Corporate Accounts.
    


      “We are fortunate to have an experienced, passionate, and inspiring 
      leader like Joe Turgeon spearhead the company,” said Rajesh C. 
      Shrotriya, MD, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Spectrum 
      Pharmaceuticals. “Joe was responsible for building a top sales 
      organization and for launching four of the world’s top-selling 
      biologicals, during his over two decades at Amgen. With a rare depth of 
      experience in the biotechnology industry, a keen understanding of our 
      business, and very strong leadership skills, Joe is uniquely qualified 
      for this position. He has been instrumental in helping Spectrum execute 
      our strategy since he joined us in 2012. With multiple launches and NDAs 
      planned in the coming years, I believe Joe’s leadership is exactly what 
      Spectrum needs to become a leader in hematology/oncology.”
    

      “I take up this new role with honor, humility, and confidence,” said 
      Joseph Turgeon, President and Chief Operating Officer. “We have an 
      exciting year ahead of us, with several meaningful milestones. Our base 
      business remains strong, and could be further strengthened with the 
      potential FDA approval of Beleodaq™ later this year. The ongoing 
      proof-of-concept study SPI-2012 has the potential to take Spectrum to 
      the next level. I am committed to improving lives of patients, to 
      improving prospects for our shareholders, and to bringing out the best 
      in our team.”
    

      Joseph Turgeon joined Spectrum in October 2012 and brings over 30 years 
      of pharmaceutical sales experience, including various executive 
      leadership roles at Amgen. Prior to joining the Company, he spent 22 
      years at Amgen Inc. as Vice President, Sales, where he built and led the 
      sales organization across multiple areas, including oncology, 
      inflammation, and bone health. Mr. Turgeon was responsible for launching 
      most of the drugs at Amgen. At Spectrum, he has built a world-class 
      sales organization that has increased efficiency and visibility. He was 
      also instrumental in the launch of Marqibo® (vinCRIStine sulfate 
      LIPOSOME injection) last year in a record time of about 7 weeks. 
      Mr. Turgeon holds a B.S. from Jacksonville University, where he studied 
      microbiology and economics.
    

      Thomas Riga brings over 15 years of pharmaceutical sales and management 
      experience in various positions at Amgen, Eli Lilly, and Dendreon. Since 
      joining Spectrum, Mr. Riga has been instrumental in the reorganization 
      of the Corporate Accounts function, and in successful partnership and 
      renegotiation with various partners. He has co-led the Commercial 
      contracting strategy and attracted some of the industry’s top talent to 
      join Spectrum.
    

      Ken Keller resigned as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer 
      of the company to pursue other opportunities.
    

      “I would like to personally thank Ken for his contributions to the 
      company,” added Dr. Shrotriya. “On behalf of the team at Spectrum, I 
      wish him the best in his future endeavors.”
    

About Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


      Spectrum Pharmaceuticals is a leading biotechnology company focused on 
      acquiring, developing, and commercializing drug products, with a primary 
      focus in oncology and hematology. Spectrum and its affiliates market 
      four oncology drugs ─ FUSILEV® (levoleucovorin) for Injection in the 
      U.S.; FOLOTYN® (pralatrexate injection), also marketed in the U.S.; 
      ZEVALIN® (ibritumomab tiuxetan) Injection for intravenous use, for which 
      the Company has worldwide marketing rights; and MARQIBO® (vinCRIStine 
      sulfate LIPOSOME injection) for intravenous infusion, for which the 
      Company has worldwide marketing rights. Spectrum's strong track record 
      in in-licensing and acquiring differentiated drugs and expertise in 
      clinical development have generated a robust, diversified, and growing 
      pipeline of product candidates in advanced-stage Phase 2 and Phase 3 
      studies. More information on Spectrum is available at www.sppirx.com.
    

About Marqibo®


      Marqibo is a novel, sphingomyelin/cholesterol liposome-encapsulated 
      formulation of vincristine sulfate. Vincristine, a microtubule 
      inhibitor, is FDA approved for the treatment of adult patients with 
      Philadelphia chromosome-negative (Ph-) acute lymphoblastic leukemia 
      (ALL) in second or greater relapse or whose disease has progressed 
      following two or more anti-leukemia therapies. (The encapsulation 
      technology, utilized in this formulation, has been shown to provide 
      prolonged circulation of vincristine in the blood).
    

Please see important safety information below and the full 
      prescribing information for Marqibo at www.marqibo.com.


Indication and usage


      Marqibo is a liposomal vinca alkaloid indicated for the treatment of 
      adult patients with Philadelphia chromosome-negative (Ph-) acute 
      lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) in second or greater relapse or whose 
      disease has progressed following two or more anti-leukemia therapies. 
      This indication is based on overall response rate. Clinical benefit such 
      as improvement in overall survival has not been verified.
    

Important safety information


CONTRAINDICATIONS



        Marqibo is contraindicated in patients with demyelinating conditions 
        including Charcot-Marie-Tooth syndrome
      

        Marqibo is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to 
        vincristine sulfate or any of the other components of Marqibo 
        (vinCRIStine sulfate LIPOSOME injection)
      

        Marqibo is contraindicated for intrathecal administration
      


WARNING


See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.



For Intravenous Use Only — Fatal if Given by Other Routes


Death has occurred with intrathecal use


Marqibo (vinCRIStine sulfate LIPOSOME injection) has different 
        dosage recommendations than vinCRIStine sulfate injection. Verify drug 
        name and dose prior to preparation and administration to avoid 
        overdosage.



Warnings and Precautions


For Intravenous Use Only


      For Intravenous use only. Fatal if given by other routes.
    

Extravasation Tissue Injury


      Only administer through a secure and free-flowing venous access line. If 
      extravasation is suspected, discontinue infusion immediately and 
      consider local treatment measures.
    

Neurologic Toxicity


      Sensory and motor neuropathies are common and are cumulative. Monitor 
      patients for symptoms of neuropathy, such as hypoesthesia, 
      hyperesthesia, paresthesia, hyporeflexia, areflexia, neuralgia, jaw 
      pain, decreased vibratory sense, cranial neuropathy, ileus, burning 
      sensation, arthralgia, myalgia, muscle spasm, or weakness, both before 
      and during treatment. Orthostatic hypotension may occur. The risk of 
      neurologic toxicity is greater if Marqibo is administered to patients 
      with preexisting neuromuscular disorders or when other drugs with risk 
      of neurologic toxicity are being given. In the studies of relapsed 
      and/or refractory adult ALL patients, Grade ≥ 3 neuropathy events 
      occurred in 32.5% of patients. Worsening neuropathy requires dose delay, 
      reduction, or discontinuation of Marqibo.
    

Myelosuppression


      Monitor complete blood counts prior to each dose of Marqibo. If Grade 3 
      or 4 neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, or anemia develops, consider Marqibo 
      dose modification or reduction as well as supportive care measures.
    

Tumor Lysis Syndrome


      Tumor lysis syndrome (TLS) may occur in patients with ALL receiving 
      Marqibo. Anticipate, monitor for, and manage.
    

Constipation and Bowel Obstruction


      Ileus, bowel obstruction, and colonic pseudo-obstruction have occurred. 
      Marqibo can cause constipation. Institute a prophylactic bowel regimen 
      to mitigate potential constipation, bowel obstruction, and/or paralytic 
      ileus, considering adequate dietary fiber intake, hydration, and routine 
      use of stool softeners, such as docusate. Additional treatments, such as 
      senna, bisacodyl, milk of magnesia, magnesium citrate, and lactulose may 
      be considered.
    

Fatigue


      Marqibo can cause severe fatigue. Marqibo dose delay, reduction, or 
      discontinuation may be necessary.
    

Hepatic Toxicity


      Fatal liver toxicity and elevated levels of aspartate aminotransferase 
      have occurred. Elevated levels of aspartate aminotransferase of Grade ≥3 
      occurred in 6-11% of patients in clinical trials. Monitor hepatic 
      function tests. Reduce or interrupt Marqibo for hepatic toxicity.
    

Embryofetal Toxicity


      Marqibo can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. 
      Vincristine sulfate liposome injection was teratogenic or caused 
      embryofetal death in animals. Women of childbearing potential should 
      avoid becoming pregnant while being treated with Marqibo. There are no 
      adequate and well-controlled studies of Marqibo in pregnant women and 
      there were no reports of pregnancy in any of the clinical studies in the 
      Marqibo clinical development program. If this drug is used during 
      pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant while taking this drug, 
      the patient should be apprised of the potential hazard to a fetus [see 
      Use in Specific Populations].


Adverse Reactions


      The most common adverse reactions (> 30%) were constipation (57%), 
      nausea (52%), pyrexia (43%), fatigue (41%), peripheral neuropathy (39%), 
      febrile neutropenia (38%), diarrhea (37%), anemia (34%), decreased 
      appetite (33%), and insomnia (32%).
    

      The most commonly reported SAEs included febrile neutropenia (20.5%), 
      pyrexia (13.3%), hypotension (7.2%), respiratory distress (6.0%), and 
      cardiac arrest (6.0%).
    

      Twenty-eight percent of patients experienced adverse reactions leading 
      to treatment discontinuation. The most common adverse reactions that 
      caused treatment discontinuation were peripheral neuropathy (10%), 
      leukemia-related (7%), and tumor lysis syndrome (2%).
    

      Deaths occurred in 23% of patients in study 1. The non-leukemia related 
      causes of deaths were brain infarct (1), intracerebral hemorrhage (2), 
      liver failure (1), multi-system organ failure (2), pneumonia and septic 
      shock (3), respiratory failure (4), pulmonary hemorrhage (1), and sudden 
      cardiac death (1).
    

Drug Interactions


      No formal drug interaction studies have been conducted with Marqibo. 
      Marqibo is expected to interact with drugs known to interact with 
      non-liposomal vincristine sulfate.
    

      Simultaneous oral or intravenous administration of phenytoin and 
      antineoplastic chemotherapy combinations that included non-liposomal 
      vincristine sulfate has been reported to reduce blood levels of 
      phenytoin and to increase seizure activity.
    

CYP3A Interactions


      Vincristine sulfate, the active agent in Marqibo, is a substrate for 
      cytochrome P450 3A isozymes (CYP3A); therefore, the concomitant use of 
      strong CYP3A inhibitors should be avoided (e.g., ketoconazole, 
      itraconazole, voriconazole, posaconazole, clarithromycin, atazanavir, 
      indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, 
      telithromycin). Similarly, the concomitant use of strong CYP3A inducers 
      should be avoided (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, 
      rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, St. John's Wort).
    

P-glycoprotein Interactions


      Vincristine sulfate, the active agent in Marqibo, is also a substrate 
      for P-glycoprotein (P-gp). The effect of concomitant use of potent P-gp 
      inhibitors or inducers has not been investigated; it is likely that 
      these agents will alter the pharmacokinetics or pharmacodynamics of 
      Marqibo. Therefore the concomitant use of potent P-gp inhibitors or 
      inducers should be avoided.
    

Use in Specific Populations


Pregnancy


      Pregnancy Category D [see Warnings and Precautions]
    

      Based on its mechanism of action and findings from animal studies, 
      Marqibo can cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women.
    

      If this drug is used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes 
      pregnant while taking this drug, the patient should be apprised of the 
      potential hazard to a fetus. In an embryofetal developmental study, 
      pregnant rats were administered vincristine sulfate liposome injection 
      intravenously during the period of organogenesis at vincristine sulfate 
      doses of 0.022 to 0.09 mg/kg/day. Drug-related adverse effects included 
      fetal malformations (skeletal and visceral), decreases in fetal weights, 
      increased numbers of early resorptions and post-implantation losses, and 
      decreased maternal body weights. Malformations were observed at doses ≥ 
      0.044 mg/kg/day in animals at systemic exposures approximately 20-40% of 
      those reported in patients at the recommended dose.
    

Nursing Mothers


      It is not known whether this drug is excreted in human milk. Because 
      many drugs are excreted in human milk and because of the potential for 
      serious adverse reactions in nursing infants, a decision should be made 
      whether to discontinue nursing or discontinue the drug, taking into 
      account the importance of the drug to the mother.
    

Pediatric Use


      The safety and effectiveness of Marqibo in pediatric patients have not 
      been established.
    

Geriatric Use


      Safety and effectiveness in elderly individuals have not been 
      established. In general, dose selection for an elderly patient should be 
      cautious, reflecting the greater frequency of decreased hepatic, renal, 
      or cardiac function, and of concomitant disease or other drug therapy.
    

Renal Impairment


      The influence of renal impairment on the safety, efficacy, and 
      pharmacokinetics of Marqibo has not been evaluated.
    

Hepatic Impairment


      Non-liposomal vincristine sulfate is excreted primarily by the liver. 
      The influence of severe hepatic impairment on the safety and efficacy of 
      Marqibo has not been evaluated. The pharmacokinetics of Marqibo was 
      evaluated in patients with moderate hepatic dysfunction (Child-Pugh B) 
      secondary to melanoma liver metastases. The dose-adjusted maximum plasma 
      concentration (Cmax) and area under the concentration-time 
      curve (AUC) of Marqibo in patients with moderate hepatic impairment was 
      comparable to the Cmax and AUC of patients with ALL who had 
      otherwise normal hepatic function.
    

About BeleodaqTM


      Beleodaq is a pan-HDAC inhibitor being studied in multiple clinical 
      trials as a single agent or in combination with chemotherapeutic agents 
      for the treatment of various hematological and solid cancers. Its 
      anticancer effect is thought to be mediated through multiple mechanisms 
      of action, including the inhibition of cell proliferation, induction of 
      apoptosis (programmed cell death), inhibition of angiogenesis, and the 
      induction of differentiation. Beleodaq has been shown to have activity 
      in tumors that had become resistant to anticancer agents such as the 
      platinums, taxanes, and topoisomerase II inhibitors.
    

Forward-looking statement — This press release may contain 
      forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future 
      performance of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals that involve risks and 
      uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These 
      statements are based on management's current beliefs and expectations.
These statements include, but are not limited to, statements that 
      relate to our business and its future, including certain company 
      milestones, Spectrum's ability to identify, acquire, develop and 
      commercialize a broad and diverse pipeline of late-stage clinical and 
      commercial products, leveraging the expertise of partners and employees 
      around the world to assist us in the execution of our strategy, and any 
      statements that relate to the intent, belief, plans or expectations of 
      Spectrum or its management, or that are not a statement of historical 
      fact. Risks that could cause actual results to differ include the 
      possibility that our existing and new drug candidates may not prove safe 
      or effective, the possibility that our existing and new applications to 
      the FDA and other regulatory agencies may not receive approval in a 
      timely manner or at all, the possibility that our existing and new drug 
      candidates, if approved, may not be more effective, safer or more cost 
      efficient than competing drugs, the possibility that our efforts to 
      acquire or in-license and develop additional drug candidates may fail, 
      our lack of sustained revenue history, our limited marketing experience, 
      our dependence on third parties for clinical trials, manufacturing, 
      distribution and quality control and other risks that are described in 
      further detail in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission. We do not plan to update any such 
      forward-looking statements and expressly disclaim any duty to update the 
      information contained in this press release except as required by law.


SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.®, FUSILEV®, FOLOTYN®, ZEVALIN® and 
      MARQIBO® are registered trademarks of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc and 
      its affiliates. BELEODAQ™, REDEFINING CANCER CARE™ and the 
      Spectrum Pharmaceuticals logos are trademarks owned by Spectrum 
      Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Any other trademarks are the property of 
      their respective owners.


© 2014 Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Contacts

      Spectrum PharmaceuticalsShiv KapoorVice President, Strategic 
      Planning & Investor Relations702-835-6300InvestorRelations@sppirx.com














Release Summary
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Promotes and Appoints Joseph Turgeon as President and Chief Operating Officer






Contacts

      Spectrum PharmaceuticalsShiv KapoorVice President, Strategic 
      Planning & Investor Relations702-835-6300InvestorRelations@sppirx.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















Joseph W. Turgeon - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Joseph W. Turgeon
President and Chief Operating Officer at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Joseph W. Turgeon? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph W. Turgeon's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph W. Turgeon's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph W. Turgeon's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph W. Turgeon through your network of contacts.
												








Joseph W. Turgeon's Executive Work History


Current


President and Chief Operating Officer, 
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Past
To view Joseph W. Turgeon's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
59

 
 


Joseph W. Turgeon's Biography



Mr. Turgeon has served as President and Chief Operating Officer since April 2014 and previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer from October 2012 to April 2014. He brings more than 30 years of pharma sales experience, including various executive leadership roles at Amgen Inc. Prior to joining Spectrum, Mr. Turgeon spent 22 years at Amgen Inc. as Vice President of Sales where he built and led the sales organization across multiple areas, including oncology, inflammation and bone health. Under Mr. Turgeon's leadership, Amgen Oncology launched four new drugs and revenues rose from $2 billion to over $6 billion. Mr. T ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Turgeon has served as President and Chief Operating Officer since April 2014 and previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer from October 2012 to April 2014. He brings more than 30 years of pharma sales experience, including various executive leadership roles at Amgen Inc. Prior to joining Spectrum, Mr. Turgeon spent 22 years at Amgen Inc. as Vice President of Sales where he built and led the sales organization across multiple areas, including oncology, inflammation and bone health. Under Mr. Turgeon's leadership, Amgen Oncology launched four new drugs and revenues rose from $2 billion to over $6 billion. Mr. Turgeon holds a Bachelor of Science in Microbiology and Economics from Jacksonville University.
		
Source: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on 04/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph W. Turgeon's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Joseph W. Turgeon. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph W. Turgeon's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph W. Turgeon's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph W. Turgeon through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Joseph W. Turgeon


















Joseph W. Turgeon's Connections (14)





Sign up now to view Joseph W. Turgeon's 14 connections »









Luigi Lenaz
Lead Director, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Gilles R. Gagnon
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Aeterna Zentaris Inc.









Brett L. Scott
Former Chief Financial Officer, BIOLASE, Inc.









Kurt A. Gustafson
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Rajesh C. Shrotriya
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Stuart M. Krassner
Former Board Member, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Lee F. Allen
Chief Medical Officer, Argos Therapeutics, Inc.









Dolatrai M. Vyas
Former Board Member, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Anton G. Gueth
Former Board Member, Antares Pharma, Inc.









Raymond W. Cohen
Chairman of the Board, BioLife Solutions, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









