

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Jim L. Turner: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:05 PM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of Dean Foods Company



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jim L. Turner  Non-Executive Chairman, Dean Foods CompanyAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships71$455,822
Background

		Mr. Jim L. Turner has been Principal of JLT Beverages L.P. since 1996. Mr. Turner served as Chairman and President of Dr. Pepper Snapple Bottling Group, Inc. (Also called as Cadbury Schweppes Bottling Group). He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Dr. Pepper/Seven Up Inc. from 1999 to May 2005. Mr. Turner served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Dr. Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group, Inc., from its formation in 1999 through June 2005. Dr. Pepper ... Bottling Company of Texas in March 1985, he served as Senior Vice President (bottling operations) of the Dr. Pepper Company from February 1982 to March 1985. Mr. Turner served as Owner/Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Turner Beverage Group, the largest privately owned independent bottler in the United States. Mr. Turner has been the Non-Executive Chairman of Dean Foods Company since August 12, 2015 and as its Independent Director since November 1997. He served as Chairman of Dr. Pepper, Seven Up Bottling Group Inc. since its formation from 1999 to May 2005. He also serves as Vice Chairman and Chair-elect of the board of directors of Baylor Scott & White Health. He has been an Outside Director of Comstock Resources Inc. since May 2014. Mr. Turner has been an Independent Director at Crown Holdings Inc. since October 27, 2005. He serves as a Director of All American Bottling. He served as a Director of Morningstar Group Inc. since May 1991. He serves as Treasurer of American Beverage Association. Mr. Turner serves as a Director of Baylor Health Care System, Baylor University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2711 North Haskell AvenueDallas, Texas 75204United StatesPhone: 214-303-3400Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
1997-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanDean Foods Company2005-PresentIndependent DirectorCrown Holdings, Inc.2014-PresentOutside DirectorComstock Resources, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Crown Holdings, Inc.Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc.Morningstar Group, Inc.Comstock Resources, Inc.Dr Pepper Snapple Bottling Group, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$280,000Total Calculated Compensation$455,822




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationDavid M. Staples Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and DirectorSpartanNash Company$600.0KTerry W. Handley Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCasey's General Stores, Inc.$770.0KPatrick E. Bowe President, CEO & DirectorThe Andersons, Inc.$900.0KSteven L. Spinner Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentUnited Natural Foods, Inc.$889.3KDavid G. Hirz Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSmart & Final Stores, Inc.$1.2MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dean Foods Company, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Jim L. Turner - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jim L. Turner
Chairman of the Board at Dean Foods Company


View Full Profile
Are you Jim L. Turner? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jim L. Turner's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jim L. Turner's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jim L. Turner's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jim L. Turner through your network of contacts.
												








Jim L. Turner's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Dean Foods Company


Board Member, 
Crown Holdings Inc.


Board Member, 
Comstock Resources, Inc.


Past
To view Jim L. Turner's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
71

 
 


Jim L. Turner's Biography



Mr. Turner, age 71, has served as a director since 2014. Mr. Turner currently serves as principal of JLT Beverages, L.P., a position he has held since 1996. Mr. Turner is also Chief Executive Officer of JLT Automotive, Inc. Mr. Turner served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Dr. Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group, Inc., from its formation in 1999 through 2005, when he sold his interest in that company. Prior to that, Mr. Turner served as Owner/Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Turner Beverage Group, the largest privately owned independent bottler in the United States. Mr. Turner currently serves as a non-executive ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Turner, age 71, has served as a director since 2014. Mr. Turner currently serves as principal of JLT Beverages, L.P., a position he has held since 1996. Mr. Turner is also Chief Executive Officer of JLT Automotive, Inc. Mr. Turner served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Dr. Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group, Inc., from its formation in 1999 through 2005, when he sold his interest in that company. Prior to that, Mr. Turner served as Owner/Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Turner Beverage Group, the largest privately owned independent bottler in the United States. Mr. Turner currently serves as a non-executive chairman of the board of directors for Dean Foods Company and as chairman of the board of trustees of Baylor Scott and White Health, the largest not-for-profit healthcare system in the state of Texas. He is also a director of Crown Holdings, Inc. and INSURICA.
 
Mr. Turner brings his extensive business experience as chairman and chief executive officer of a large corporation to the Board. Mr. Turner has valuable experience in business development, finance and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Turner's service as a director of two NYSE-listed companies, including his service as the chairman of the board and chairman of the compensation committee, provides substantial experience and insight to our Board.
		
Source: Comstock Resources, Inc. on 03/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jim L. Turner's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jim L. Turner. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jim L. Turner's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jim L. Turner's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jim L. Turner through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jim L. Turner


















Jim L. Turner's Connections (181)





Sign up now to view Jim L. Turner's 181 connections »









Robert E. Beauchamp
Former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Board Member, BMC Software









Michelle P. Goolsby
Former Board Member, Capstead Mortgage Corporation









Luis P. Nieto
Board Member, Ryder System, Inc.









James H. Miller
Board Member, Crown Holdings Inc.









Miles J. Allison
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Comstock Resources, Inc.









Cecil E. Martin
Lead Independent Director, Comstock Resources, Inc.









John F. Callahan
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, S&P Global, Inc.









Ronald Kirk
Board Member, Texas Instruments Incorporated









Helen E. McCluskey
Board Member, Signet Jewelers Limited









Albert C. Black
Board Member, Physicians Realty Trust








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













Industrial Agents Representatives - Yahoo Local Search Results



    Sign inHomeNewsMailFinanceTumblrWeatherSportsMessengerSettings    




     WebLocalImagesCategory Industrial Agents & Representatives Chemicals & Allied Products Natural Gas & Petroleum Machinery & Tools Construction Industrial Design Measurement & Control Devices Business Organizations Metal Industries Accounting & BookkeepingIndustrial Agents Representatives near Corpus Christi, TXAXIS Industrial ServiceIndustrial Design5110 Ih 37  ·(361) 888-4855Wolesey Industrial1130 N Padre Island Dr  ·(361) 673-9413Alpha Process Sales IncorporatedIndustrial Agent & Representative5401 Burnham Dr  ·(361) 993-7111Gulf Gate, IncorporatedIndustrial Agent & Representative1734 N Padre Island Dr  ·(866) 920-9136Turner Jim L CompanyIndustrial Agent & Representative·closed3740 Bratton Rd  ·(361) 852-6435JV Specialty ServiceIndustrial Agent & Representative5233 Ih 37, Ste C12  ·(361) 884-3375Baldwin Scale CompanyMachinery & Tools·24hrs4250 Beacon St  ·(361) 884-4321Ccb Fabricators IncorporatedIndustrial Agent & Representative4515 US Highway 77  ·(361) 387-7900Da Tracey & CompanyAccounting & Bookkeeping3833 S Staples St, Ste S210  ·(361) 334-7585Cat Spec LimitedChemical & Allied Product7958 Leopard St  ·(361) 289-5027Itt Flygt CorporationMachinery & Tools1959 Saratoga Blvd, Bldg 29  ·(361) 808-7867Downing Wellhead Equipment IncorporatedNatural Gas & Petroleum1013 Southern Minerals Rd  ·(361) 289-2995YahooHelpPrivacyTermsAdvertise    






	James Turner Obituary - Louisville, KY | Courier-Journal






 































































































Services






Highlands Family-Owned Funeral Home




3331 Taylorsville Rd.


Louisville, KY  40205



502-451-4420


Website
View Map


Send Flowers







Visitation

Saturday, Jul. 16, 2016


5:00 PM - 6:00 PM




Highlands Family-Owned Funeral Home



3331 Taylorsville Rd.


Louisville, 
KY 
40205



View Map




Service

Saturday, Jul. 16, 2016


6:00 PM




Highlands Family-Owned Funeral Home



3331 Taylorsville Rd.


Louisville, 
KY 
40205



View Map





+See Services Detail






Resources


More Obituaries for James Turner


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












James L. Turner


Obituary
Condolences


































 Turner, James L.,Turner, James L., 77, of Louisville, passed away Tuesday, June 21, 2016.Originally from Milan, IN, Jim was a US Air Force veteran, graduated from IU with a Bachelor's Degree in Business, and worked in sales and marketing. He was a 32nd degree Mason and an avid UofL and IU fan. He is survived by his wife of 23 years, Patricia Turner; daughters Ann Slider (Jason), Tracy Turner (Jim Ross), and Jennifer Turner (Dameon Hutto); step-daughters Dawn Anderson, Laura Sizer (Tom), and Claire Mattern (Matt); grandchildren Lierin, Emma, and Olivia; and step-grandchildren Will, Hayden, Paige, and Meredith.A special thanks to Dr. Haney and the staff of Baptist Health Palliative Care Center Park Tower for their loving care. Jim's memorial visitation will be from 5-6 p.m. with a service following at 6 p.m. on Saturday, July 16, 2016, at Highlands Funeral Home, 3331 Taylorsville Road. Expressions of sympathy may be made to Kosair Children's Hospital.



Published in The Courier-Journal on June 26, 2016


Read More



Listen to Obituary










Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.



View All






Add Message







"May you rest in peace.  It was a real pleasure knowing you..."-Becky Koopman
"A true gentleman I will truly miss."-Martha Otte

View all messages 2







 Add Photos
            



 Add Videos
            

















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries













































				More Information
			
















Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.



































Turner Jim L Company in Corpus Christi | Turner Jim L Company 3740 Bratton Rd, Corpus Christi, TX 78413 Yahoo - US Local
HomeMailSearchNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityWeatherAnswersFlickrMobileMorePoliticsMoviesMusicTVGroupsStyleBeautyTechShoppingInstall the new Firefox » Yahoo Local Search Sign in  Mail HelpAccount InfoHelpSuggestionsYahooHomeAdd a Photo00Turner Jim L CompanyIndustrial Agent & Representative0 reviews on YahooIs this your business? Verify your listing3740 Bratton Rd, Corpus Christi, TX 78413Cross Streets: Between Evans Rd/Brezina Rd and Kram StNeighborhoods: South Side(361) 852-6435Today : 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM Opens on Mon at 9:00 AMSee all hoursMon9:00 AM-5:00 PMTue9:00 AM-5:00 PMWed9:00 AM-5:00 PMThu9:00 AM-5:00 PMFri9:00 AM-5:00 PMOpens on Mon at 9:00 AMSatClosedSunClosedDirectionsSend feedbackReviewsWe currently don't have any reviews for Turner Jim L CompanyFind Nearby:ATMs·Hotels·Night Clubs·Parkings·Movie Theatres·Similar Industrial Agent & RepresentativesAbout:Williams Metering Pumps, Milton Roy Pumps, LMI Pumps, Premier Lubrication, Compressor PackingCategories:Industrial Agent & Representative, Natural Gas & Petroleum, Chemical & Allied ProductYear Established:1969Other Contact Info:Fax: (361) 853-0854 Find:Manufacturing & Industrial Supplies>Industrial Agents & Representatives>Turner Jim L CompanyLocal ResourcesAdd a BusinessBrowse by City/StateAdvertiser ResourcesAccount CenterAdvertise With UsSome business information provided by Infogroup ®, Omaha, Nebraska Copyright © 2014.Privacy|About Our Ads|Terms|Add/Edit Business|Yahoo Maps Terms of Use|Help|Send Feedback|Additional terms of service 




















 



 Dean Foods Names Jim L. Turner Chairman Of The Board 
         










    










 






 











 









Dean Foods Names Jim L. Turner Chairman Of The Board

Aug 12, 2015, 19:17 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Dean Foods Company 











 
















































 

 




















 


DALLAS, Aug. 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Dean Foods Company ("Dean Foods") (NYSE:  DF) today named Jim L. Turner as the Company's non-executive Chairman of the Board. Mr. Turner joined the Board in November 1997. 
"I am delighted to be named the Chairman at an exciting time for the Company," said Mr. Turner. "Dean Foods is a highly respected company built on a foundation of delivering wholesome, great-tasting, quality products. I look forward to working with Gregg Tanner and his superb leadership team."
"Jim's a proven leader with extensive beverage industry experience; he has long been a valuable voice on our Board and is an ideal Chairman to lead us forward," said Gregg A. Tanner, CEO, Dean Foods Company. "I am more optimistic than ever about the future of Dean Foods, and I look forward to working closely with Jim to continue to drive shareholder value."
Mr. Turner is the Principal of JLT Beverages L.P. and the owner and CEO of JLT Automotive Inc. He served as President and CEO of Dr. Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group, Inc. from its formation in 1999 through June 2005 when he sold his interest in that company. Prior to that, Mr. Turner was the owner and CEO/Chairman of the Board of the Turner Beverage Group, the largest privately owned independent bottler in the United States. Mr. Turner serves as the Chair of the Board of Trustees of Baylor Scott & White Health ("BSWH"), the largest not-for-profit healthcare system in the State of Texas. He also serves as Chair of BSWH's Finance Committee and as Vice Chair of its Executive Committee. Mr. Turner also serves on the Boards of Directors of Crown Holdings, Inc.; Comstock Resources, Inc.; INSURICA; and Davaco, Inc. In addition, Mr. Turner is a member of the Texas Rangers Baseball Club ownership group.
About Dean Foods 
Dean Foods® is a leading food and beverage company and the largest processor and direct-to-store distributor of fluid milk and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States. Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, the Dean Foods portfolio includes DairyPure®, the country's first and largest fresh, white milk national brand, and TruMoo®, the leading national flavored milk brand, along with well-known regional dairy brands such as Alta Dena®, Berkeley Farms®, Country Fresh®, Dean's®, Garelick Farms®, LAND O LAKES®* milk and cultured products*, Lehigh Valley Dairy Farms®, Mayfield®, McArthur®, Meadow Gold®, Oak Farms®, PET®**, T.G. Lee®, Tuscan® and more. In all, Dean Foods has more than 50 local and regional dairy brands and private labels. Dean Foods also makes and distributes ice cream, cultured products, juices, teas, and bottled water. Over 17,000 employees across the country work every day to make Dean Foods the most admired and trusted provider of wholesome, great-tasting dairy products at every occasion. For more information about Dean Foods and its brands, visit www.deanfoods.com.
*The LAND O LAKES brand is owned by Land O'Lakes, Inc. and is used by license.
**PET is a trademark of The J.M. Smucker Company and is used by license.
CONTACT: Corporate Communications, Jamaison Schuler, +1-214-721-7766; or Investor Relations, Scott Vopni, +1-214-303-3438
 
 SOURCE  Dean Foods Company  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.deanfoods.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Aug 12, 2015, 20:17 ET
Preview: Dean Foods Declares Quarterly Dividend













Aug 10, 2015, 08:00 ET
Preview: Dean Foods Announces Second Quarter 2015 Results






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





May 10, 2017, 17:12 ET
Dean Foods Company Announces Upcoming Webcast of Second Quarter...








May 10, 2017, 17:12 ET
Uncle Matt's Organic To Join Dean Foods Family Of Brands








May 10, 2017, 17:12 ET
Dean Foods Declares Quarterly Dividend











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Jim L Turner Company in Corpus Christi, TX 78427 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Texas
» Corpus Christi
» Appliance Repair
» Jim L Turner Company













Jim L Turner Company


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





Po Box 270180  Corpus Christi, Texas 78427


(361) 852-6435


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Jim L Turner Company is located at the address Po Box 270180 in Corpus Christi, Texas 78427.  They can be contacted via phone at (361) 852-6435 for pricing, hours and directions.  Jim L Turner Company specializes in Heating & Cooling, Kitchens, Electric Appliances.  For more information contact James  Turner, PresidentJim L Turner Company provides Drainage Systems, Struts, New Construction to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Jim L Turner Company view the map to the right.  For reviews of Jim L Turner Company see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Radiators
, Skylights
, Bathrooms
, Used Appliances
, Furnaces
, Heating Equipment
, Shingles
, Bobcats
, Energy Management Systems
, Filtration Systems



SERVICES


Drainage Systems
, Local Services
, Remodeling
, Balancing
, Installations & Replacements
, Struts
, Air Conditioning Systems
, Air Conditioning repair
, New Construction
, Replacement


 BRANDS


Volvo
, Trane
, Jenn-Air
, Whirlpool
, Ford
, Goodman
, Magic Chef
, Lennox / Allied Air
, American-Standard
, Tappan


 SPECIALTIES


Leaks
, Performance Cars
, Heating & Cooling
, Refrigerators & Freezers
, Broken Pipes
, Electric Appliances
, Imports
, Kitchens
, Ranges / Ovens / Stoves
, Decks



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (361) 852-6435
CATEGORIES:


Appliance Repair
Commercial & Industrial Equipment Repair
Home Improvement Supplies
Heating, Ventilation & Air Conditioning Repair
Repair & Maintenance
Shopping



People Also Viewed


Dxp Sepco


4637 Baldwin Blvd  Corpus Christi, Texas 78408




Weldinghouse Inc


4833 Leopard St  Corpus Christi, Texas 78408




L-3 Vertex


19 Ocean Park Dr  Corpus Christi, Texas 78404




Viola Jr Cleaners


5702 Everhart Rd  Corpus Christi, Texas 78413




Ace-vac Mud Pit Svc


967 Cantwell Ln  Corpus Christi, Texas 78407




South Texas Valve & Controls


417 Sun Belt Dr Ste F Corpus Christi, Texas 78408





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




James  Turner
PRESIDENT
Phone: (361) 852-6435 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










 











Crown Holdings Elects Jim L. Turner to Board of Directors | Crown















Skip to main content








 








Search form

Search 


Search




 

News
Careers
For Investors
Contact Us

 
NYSE CCK $58.89 -0.32
 



 













Home / News / Press Room / 
 
News
 





Crown Holdings Elects Jim L. Turner to Board of Directors





Monday, October 31, 2005 
    PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 31 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Crown Holdings, Inc.
(NYSE: CCK) (Crown) announced today that Jim L. Turner, 59, has been elected
to the Company's Board of Directors.  Mr. Turner is the former Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Dr. Pepper/Seven Up Bottling
Group.  The Board now has 12 members.
    Mr. Turner has more than thirty years of experience in the soft drink
industry.  He was previously the Owner, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of the Dr. Pepper Bottling Company of Texas, the largest privately owned
bottling company in the United States.  He founded that company in 1985 by
acquiring multiple franchises in Texas, California, Nevada and New Mexico.
Under his leadership, Dr. Pepper's revenues grew from $100 million to over
$800 million.  During his career, Mr. Turner has also been a leader in product
innovation and is credited with the creation and successful marketing of the
Deja Blue Water brand.
    John W. Conway, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "We are
extremely pleased to have someone of Jim's caliber to join our Board of
Directors.  He has a proven track record in the beverage industry and will be
able to provide us with important insight as we address future opportunities.
I am confident that Jim will be an extremely valuable addition to the Board."
    Mr. Turner is a member of the Board of Directors and the Treasurer of the
American Beverage Association having previously served as its Chairman.  He
also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Baylor Health Care System
and Dean Foods.  He is a past recipient of the Horatio Alger Award and is a
member of the Baylor University Sports Hall of Fame.
    Mr. Turner holds a B.B.A. in Business Administration from Baylor
University.
    Crown Holdings, Inc., through its affiliated companies, is a leading
supplier of packaging products to consumer marketing companies around the
world.  World headquarters are located in Philadelphia, PA.
    For more information, contact:
    Timothy J. Donahue, Senior Vice President - Finance, Tel: (215) 698-5088.
    Edward Bisno, Bisno Communications, Tel: (917) 881-5441.

SOURCE  Crown Holdings, Inc.
    -0-                             10/31/2005
    /CONTACT:  Timothy J. Donahue, Senior Vice President - Finance, Crown
Holdings, Inc., +1-215-698-5088; or Edward Bisno, Bisno Communications,
+1-917-881-5441/
    /Web site:  http://www.crowncork.com /
    (CCK)

CO:  Crown Holdings, Inc.
ST:  Pennsylvania
IN:  FOD PAP
SU:  PER

JT
-- PHM008 --
2204 10/31/2005 09:57 EST http://www.prnewswire.com

 










All About Cans
Awards
Events
In The News
Press Room

 








Questions?

Your Region 
 - Select Your Region - North AmericaCentral and South AmericaEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific


Product Category 
 - Select Your Product Category - Aerosol CansBeverage PackagingClosures & CappingFoodSpecialty Packaging

Contact Us



 


Find a Location

Product Category 
 - Select Your Product Category - Aerosol CansBeverage PackagingClosures & CappingFoodSpecialty Packaging

View list of plants



 





 Crown Wins Big at 2017 Award Ceremonies
Learn more  


 


























