

Turtle Creek Asset Management - Canadian Residents





























IntroductionPhilosophyCommunicationsTeamDocumentationContact




Canadian Residents



Turtle Creek is an independent investment management firm focused on long term capital growth for a clientele of high net worth individuals, families and institutions.  We minimize risk through a deep and thorough understanding of each of our investments.  Turtle Creek has an exceptional 18 year track record and the Partners are aligned to a degree that few other firms can match - all of our money is invested alongside our clients.


			Copyright 2017 Turtle Creek Asset Management. All Rights Reserved. 
		




Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc. | Wealth Management Canada                      Wealth Management CanadaHomeAbout UsFind a Wealth ManagerWealth Management CompaniesTips to Find a Wealth ManagerContact Us       Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc.About	Turtle Creek is an independent investment management firm focused on long term capital growth for a clientele of high net worth individuals, families and institutions.  We minimize risk through a deep and thorough understanding of each of our investments.  Turtle Creek has a distinguished 15 year track record and the Partners are aligned to a degree that few other firms can match - all of our money is invested alongside our clients.  Source: Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc.Unique Value PropositionOur investment process starts by choosing the right companies.  The single most important decision we make is which of the companies among the thousands of public companies deserve our ongoing time and attention.  We strive to select good companies - sound businesses with strong management that drive their intrinsic value higher over time, even in difficult periods such as the credit crisis of 2007/2008.  During this crisis, many companies went bankrupt and many more were forced to issue equity at very low prices.  In contrast, we owned companies that had (and continue to have) strong balance sheets and that, in many circumstances, were able to take advantage of the financial crisis to build long term value, either through reinvesting in their businesses or by making strategic acquisitions.  Get to know the companies extremely well After choosing the right companies on which to focus, we spend considerable time and effort formulating and maintaining a view of each company’s value.  Our background, skill-set, and approach - spending our time on the right things - differentiate us from other investment managers.  We enjoy the long and hard process of really understanding a company.  We believe that our discipline and the depth of our analysis is rare.  Build and maintain an optimal portfolio Having spent the time to understand each of our company’s value, we then construct an optimal portfolio.  Simplistically, our optimal portfolio is diversified over approximately 25 companies in largely un-related industries with the size of each holding determined by many factors, the most important being how attractively priced it is.  Changes to our portfolio over time are primarily driven by our response to changes in traded prices - the cheaper a company gets the more of it we own, the more expensive a company gets, the less we own.  Source: Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc.AUM ($bil) 					$ 2Year Founded 1998Address 4 King Street West, Suite 1300 Toronto, Ontario  M5H 1B6  Key Personnel Andrew Brenton, Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Cole, Managing Partner	 Jeffrey Hebel, Managing Partner HomeAbout UsFind a Wealth ManagerWealth Management CompaniesTips to Find a Wealth ManagerContact UsPrivacy Policy 120 Adelaide Street West, Suite 2500 Toronto, Ontario, M5H 1T11-800-964-0520 info@wealthmanagementcanada.comCopyright © 2017 Wealth Management CanadaWealth Management Canada is wholly owned by  Mink Capital Inc, a private equity group.           



Turtle Creek Asset Management - Home























Turtle Creek is an independent investment management firm focused on long term capital growth for a clientele of high net worth individuals, families and institutions.  We minimize risk through a deep and thorough understanding of each of our investments.  Turtle Creek has an exceptional 18 year track record and the Partners are aligned to a degree that few other firms can match - all of our money is invested alongside our clients.
canadian residents non-canadian residents


By entering the Canadian Resident section of the Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc. website you acknowledge and represent that you are a resident of Canada. If you do not meet this qualification, please click "Return". Falsely certifying that you are a resident of Canada may result in Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc. being unable to provide services to you and/or you may be subject to legal or regulatory consequences. The offer and sale of securities in the United States is not permitted except pursuant to an exemption from registration.
Return Continue
 

			Copyright 2017 Turtle Creek Asset Management. All Rights Reserved. 
		






Turtle Creek Asset Management - Introduction































IntroductionPhilosophyCommunicationsTeamDocumentationContact




Introduction




The Three Partners
For over 18 years, Andrew Brenton, Jeffrey Cole and Jeffrey Hebel have managed their personal wealth and that of a select group of clients.  They have worked together continuously for over 20 years – prior to Turtle Creek they managed a $300 million private equity fund for a Canadian bank.  Prior to their public and private equity investment experience, they had, collectively, 23 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance.  The Partners have filled 15 positions as directors on the boards of 13 different public and private companies.  Their approach to investing is unique, partly because of their backgrounds – they have the perspective that comes from having been, for many years, deeply involved with companies, as controlling shareholders, board members or as trusted advisors.


What we believe
We believe that it is possible to outperform the market in the long term through a well considered, consistent and flexible investment approach.
We believe that it is possible to both protect your capital and earn superior investment returns - at the same time.  It is not an either/or proposition.
We believe that properly selected equities should be the overwhelming portion of one's investments, regardless of age.
We believe that investors over value (and confuse) current 'yield' at the expense of capital growth (and at the expense of their own wealth).
We believe that short term price fluctuations are irrelevant to the assessment of risk; that investors, in their pursuit of low volatility, are constantly sub optimizing.  Risk is the prospect of a decline in the intrinsic value of an investment.
We believe that it is pointless to worry about what everyone else is doing in the market (trying to guess where traded prices are going); in the long run, intrinsic value is all that matters.


How we have done
 
Since Turtle Creek began on November 1, 1998, an investment of $1,000 has grown to over $49,8001, which equals a compound annual increase of 23.3%. This is in stark contrast to the broader market where the S&P/TSX Composite has increased from $1,000 to $3,860, which equals a compound annual increase of 7.5%.
 

A different way to look at Turtle Creek's1 results is to measure investment performance over a reasonable period of time at various entry points.  We do this by calculating returns over three year rolling periods (i.e., Oct 31/98 to Oct 31/01, Nov 30/98 to Nov 30/01, . . .).  We chose three years because that is the point at which the market starts to cross over from being a "voting machine" to that of a "weighing machine" (i.e. it is the minimum period by which to properly measure investment performance).  Turtle Creek has outperformed the market (as measured by the S&P/TSX Composite) 80% of the time – often by a significant amount – and has had negative three year returns only 7% of the time. In comparison, the market has had negative three year returns 22% of the time.
Distribution of Annualized 3 Year Returns(from founding in 1998 to present)





1.  Turtle Creek's performance is of Turtle Creek Investment Fund Class A Series 1 Units ("TCIF") to November 1, 2008 and Turtle Creek Equity Fund Class I Series 1.0 Units thereafter and is net of all fees, carried interest, and expenses.  Since Turtle Creek Equity Fund maintains an almost identical portfolio with that of TCIF (with the exception of TCIF’s private company investments), historical performance for TCIF has been combined with that of Turtle Creek Equity Fund.  There were no private investments in TCIF before 2003 and, in aggregate, the private investments had a negligible impact on TCIF's returns to November 1, 2008.  TCIF’s carried interest structure is not the same as the structure used for Turtle Creek Equity Fund (details available upon request). 
All data is in a common currency (Canadian dollars).  S&P/TSX Composite is a total return index.  Comparisons to certain indices are provided for illustrative purposes only, and are intended to indicate broad market performance.  Comparisons to indices are limited because indices are not managed and do not charge fees or expenses.  The Fund may underperform or outperform the indices for many reasons.   
Past performance must never be construed as investment advice or a prediction of future performance.
Source: Turtle Creek Asset Management, Bloomberg.  As at May 31, 2017






Alignment
Turtle Creek is where we are investing all of our wealth, and it is where a number of investors who know us well have had all of their wealth for many years.  Turtle Creek is not run by 'salaried' money managers who will simply move on to a new job if their returns are poor.  Turtle Creek is run by us – its founders and largest investors.  We are investing all of our own wealth here, to the best of our ability, and it happens that the type of investments we make and the approach we follow allows us to manage much more than our own capital without impacting our investment returns.  This strong alignment eliminates concerns as to conflicts of interest and lack of focus and attention from one's wealth manager.  In essence, it eliminates a number of the risks of choosing a manager and allows you to focus on a more limited set of criteria, such as:  is the manager capable, experienced and hard working.  Rest assured, we are.


Six founding principles
Many years ago, the partners struggled with the same issues that confront all investors:  how to best protect and grow one's wealth.  From many conversations, we identified some fundamental investment truths that became our six founding principles:


1.  All of our money . . . .



We believe that an investment manager with a broad, unconstrained mandate such as ourselves, should place substantially all of their personal financial assets in the same investments as their clients.  That is exactly what we have committed to do and, as you know, this is relatively rare.





2.  . . . . for a long time.



In making investment decisions for Turtle Creek, we take a long term view.   An extended time horizon is important because we have no control, in the short term, over the price that others will pay for our assets.  As long as we are comfortable with our investments, we really do not care what happens to the price in the shorter term.  Many times, after we have made an initial investment, the price of that investment has declined.  So we have done what any rational investor should do:  purchased more of the investment at ever lower prices, confident in our belief that given enough time, the traded price of the investment would ultimately recover to reflect intrinsic value and, time and again, this has proven to be the case.  A long term view and the absence of short-term pressure to maintain a certain unit value are very liberating.  As odd as this sounds, we actually welcome a decline in the price of an investment (so long as it is not caused by a negative change in the underlying business) because such a price decline affords us the opportunity to buy more.





3.  Abhor lazy money



This principle was one of the drivers toward the creation of Turtle Creek.  It might be more accurately stated as “abhorring money that is periodically active but then neglected for long periods”.  At various times, before the creation of Turtle Creek, the founding investors would find themselves with excess cash and would ‘look to invest it’.  It struck us as a frighteningly inefficient way to invest:  looking for a good investment only at that point in time simply because you have some cash.  We determined that a far better vehicle for investing would be a continuously optimal portfolio to which each investor could periodically contribute or withdraw capital as their needs dictated.
Perhaps the term lazy money is a little misleading.  Our goal is to ensure that Turtle Creek is always smart money inasmuch as it is striving to achieve a constantly optimal portfolio.  Even though an investor may make an excellent investment, they often do not appreciate that the investment process is dynamic and never-ending.  Over time, the price and fundamentals of their investment will undoubtedly change as well as that of their other investments.  Unless rigorous and persistent analysis is brought to bear on these changing factors, over time it becomes lazy money.





4.  Abhor over-diversification



One of the consequences of modern portfolio theory has been an obsessive pursuit of greater and greater diversification to the point where most investors attempt to have their financial assets spread over an exceptionally large base.  Simply put, it is impossible to outperform the market when you are diversified to such an extent that you become the market.
Obviously some degree of diversification is appropriate.  But what's often missed in this discussion is that once you own 25 companies in industries unrelated to each other, with each company facing its own unique opportunities and challenges, you are substantially as diversified as portfolios containing hundreds of companies.  And if you know these companies very well, you can construct a higher quality portfolio with a larger discount to intrinsic value than the overall market.  This is exactly what we do and it is this approach which lowers the overall level of risk for our portfolio.





5.  The only value is the present value of future cash flows



During the depression in the early 1930’s, a legendary investor, Bernard Baruch, became so disillusioned with the ever lower levels of the stock market that he ‘threw in the towel’ and argued that the only value of a stock is the price that someone else will pay for it.  Most investors believe this and spend their time and efforts attempting to divine the direction of the stock markets or individual stocks; to ‘read the mind of the market’.  John Maynard Keynes likened this phenomenon to being a judge at a beauty contest where you weren’t trying to pick the prettiest contestant, but were trying to guess which contestant would win by guessing how every other judge would vote, recognizing that every other judge was doing the same thing, and with many of the judges taking this to a third, fourth or fifth iteration.
It is the rare investor who approaches the market by recognizing that a common share is a direct ownership right to a specific proportion of all future cash flows of a corporation.  Approached in this way, however, the market can be seen for what it is:  simply a place where you can buy or sell portions of companies.





6.  Prices will fluctuate around value



We acknowledge that this is not so much a principle as it is an observation; but it is such an important observation that it forms one of the major tenets of our investment approach.  If there is one thing that we can confidently predict, it is that share prices of publicly traded companies will fluctuate.  Often these fluctuations are severe and abrupt.
We follow a simple approach:  unless the price decline has been caused by a fundamentally negative event for the company which causes us to lower our view of its value, we are happy to purchase more of the company at ever lower prices.  A share price decline is one of the great tests for an investor.  If you do not wish to buy more of the company, are disappointed in the price decline and wonder if you should sell, then you never should have owned it at the higher price level.  We regularly ask ourselves:  if the price of one of our investments was to drop, would we be happy to buy more?  If the answer is no, then we should be reducing the position now.  And just as we buy more when a stock declines, we sell some when a stock increases in price.  Taking advantage of fluctuating share prices is a bonus above and beyond our core approach of owning good businesses for the long term.







			Copyright 2017 Turtle Creek Asset Management. All Rights Reserved. 
		






Turtle Creek Asset Management - Team
































IntroductionPhilosophyCommunicationsTeamDocumentationContact




Team




Investments





Andrew Brenton
Chief Executive Officer




Andrew Brenton is the CEO and a co-founder of Turtle Creek.  Previously, Mr. Brenton founded and was the CEO of the private equity subsidiary of The Bank of Nova Scotia where he invested $300 million in control positions of a dozen Canadian private companies.  Mr. Brenton was head of the high technology investment banking practice of Scotia Capital in the early 1990's and prior to that, he was a founding member and Managing Director in the firm’s mergers and acquisitions practice.  Mr. Brenton joined McLeod Young Weir (the predecessor to Scotia Capital) in 1984.  Mr. Brenton received his MBA from the Richard Ivey School of Business (University of Western Ontario) in 1984 and his B.Sc. from Mount Allison University in 1980.









Jeffrey Cole
Managing Partner




Jeffrey Cole is a Managing Partner and a co-founder of Turtle Creek.  Previously, Mr. Cole was a Partner in the private equity subsidiary of The Bank of Nova Scotia and was responsible for assisting in its management and investing activities.  Prior to that, Mr. Cole was a Vice President in the mergers and acquisitions practice of Scotia Capital.  Mr. Cole joined Scotia Capital in 1992.  Mr. Cole received his MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management in 1992, his law degree from the University of Toronto in 1990 and his Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Toronto in 1987.









Jeffrey Hebel
Managing Partner




Jeffrey Hebel is a Managing Partner and a co-founder of Turtle Creek.  Previously, Mr. Hebel was a Partner in the private equity subsidiary of The Bank of Nova Scotia and was responsible for assisting in its management and investing activities.  Previously, Mr. Hebel was a Director in Scotia Capital’s investment banking group and prior to that was a senior accountant with KPMG.  Mr. Hebel is both a CFA charterholder and a Chartered Accountant and received his Bachelor of Business Administration from Wilfrid Laurier University in 1990.









Cameron McKendry
Principal




Cameron is a Principal in Turtle Creek's  investment group.  Cameron initially joined Turtle Creek in 2004 for a co-op term and returned full-time in 2005.  Cameron is a CFA charterholder and received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree and a Bachelor of Science degree, both with distinction, from Wilfrid Laurier University in 2005.









Patrick Zabek
Associate




Patrick is an Associate in Turtle Creek's investment group.  Patrick initially joined Turtle Creek in 2010 for a co-op term and returned full-time in 2011.  Patrick is a CFA charterholder and received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Wilfrid Laurier University in 2011









Krishna Aggarwal
Analyst




Krishna joined in 2016 as an Analyst in Turtle Creek's investment group. Krishna initially joined Turtle Creek in 2015 for a co-op term and returned full-time in 2016. Krishna received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree, with distinction, from Wilfrid Laurier University in 2016.









Mike Cestas
Analyst




Mike joined in 2015 as an Analyst in Turtle Creek's investment group. Prior to joining Turtle Creek, Mike spent two years at Gluskin Sheff as an Investment Analyst. Mike is a CFA charterholder and received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree, with high distinction, and was awarded the Alumni Gold Medal from Wilfrid Laurier University in 2013.









Simon Clark
Analyst




Simon joined in 2015 as an Analyst in Turtle Creek's investment group. Previously, Simon spent two years working in the Heli-One finance department at CHC Helicopter concurrent with his studies. Simon received an Honors Business Administration degree, with distinction, from the Richard Ivey School of Business (University of Western Ontario) in 2015 graduating on the Dean's Honor list.






Relationship Management





Michael Bowen
Director, Business Development




Michael is a Director, Business Development at Turtle Creek.  Previously, Michael was a consultant to NYSE Liffe US for business development initiatives in Canada and prior to that, was a Director of Credit Suisse, where he developed structured solutions for institutional clients.  From 1990 to 2008, Michael was a Managing Director at BMO Capital Markets, where he was Head of Canadian Fixed Income Sales and prior to that, was a member of the Securitization team.  Michael received his Bachelor of Arts in English from McGill University in 1987.









Bill Molson
Director, Business Development




Bill, is a Director, Business Development at Turtle Creek. Previously Bill worked with Saguenay Strathmore Capital, a US based wealth advisory firm which specialized in advising clients on hedge fund strategies. From 1986 to 2006 he was a Managing Director at UBS Securities Canada where he was involved in all facets of the firm’s operations. Bill received his BA in Economics from Queens University in 1975.









Liann Pincott
Director, Private Client




Liann is a Director, Private Client at Turtle Creek.  Prior to joining Turtle Creek in April 2013, Liann held senior relationship management roles working with high net worth and institutional clients at leading financial institutions including CIBC and UBS Bank (Canada).  Liann holds the CIM and CFP designations and studied Political Science at McGill University.  Liann serves on the Board of the McMichael Canadian Art Foundation.









Carly Diamond
Associate, Private Client




Carly is an Associate, Private Client at Turtle Creek. Prior to joining Turtle Creek, Carly was an Associate with a merchant bank, where she was responsible for business development, client services, as well as marketing and communication strategies. Carly received an Honors Business Administration degree from the Richard Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario in 2011.









Allyson Watson
Associate, Private Client



Allyson is an Associate, Private Client at Turtle Creek.  Prior to joining Turtle Creek in January of 2013, Allyson worked as an associate and accountant at a luxury goods retailer.  Allyson studied accounting at Mount Saint Vincent University.





Finance and Operations





Ryan Barry
General Counsel




Ryan is the General Counsel of Turtle Creek.  Previously, Ryan was a Managing Director and Head of Multi-Manager Funds with The Carlyle Group’s subsidiary Diversified Global Asset Management (DGAM), where he managed $3 billion of global, cross-asset class portfolios of hedge and credit funds.  Prior to that, Ryan was DGAM’s General Counsel and part of the firm’s Operating Committee.  Ryan previously practiced corporate law with Torys LLP from 1999 through 2005, with emphasis on corporate finance, M&A and securities.  Ryan received his Master of Finance degree from the University of Toronto in 2011, his law degree from the University of Toronto in 1999, and his Bachelor of Arts degree from Queen’s University in 1996.









Derek Garkut
Director of Operations




Derek is Director of Operations at Turtle Creek.  Derek joined Turtle Creek as an Analyst in 2008.  Derek is a CFA charterholder and received an MBA from Concordia University in 2010.  In 2007, Derek received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Wilfrid Laurier University and a Bachelor of Mathematics degree, with distinction, from the University of Waterloo.









Dennis Pan CPA, CA 
Director of Finance




Dennis is Director of Finance at Turtle Creek. Previously, Dennis spent four years as a Fund Controller with a global fund administrator providing comprehensive fund administration services including operations outsourcing and custom technology. Prior to this, he was with Ernst & Young for three years where he specialized in providing assurance services to clients in the financial services industry. Dennis is a Chartered Accountant and received a Bachelor of Administrative Studies Accounting Honours degree from York University in 2008.









Kristina Corrente
Client Services



 Kristina is a Client Services representative at Turtle Creek.  Prior to joining Turtle Creek in March of 2016, Kristina worked as an administrative assistant for a food company.  Kristina received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Ryerson University in 2014. 








Ashley Medeiros
Executive Assistant




Ashley is an Executive Assistant at Turtle Creek. Previously, Ashley worked as an Executive Assistant and Accountant at The Catalyst Capital Group for 5 years. Ashley has a Certificate in Accounting from George Brown College.







			Copyright 2017 Turtle Creek Asset Management. All Rights Reserved. 
		






Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:21 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc. is a private equity firm specializing in investments in middle market companies. The firm invests in companies with organic growth or acquisition opportunities. It does not invest in early stage ventures, real estate investments, and primary natural resource extraction companies. The firm typically invests in companies that are headquartered in Canada or have significant operations in Canada. It makes equity investments between $15 million and $60 million. The firm can make control investments or shared control investments with other investors. It seeks to have a board seat in its portfolio company. Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc. is based in Toronto, Canada...
Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc. is a private equity firm specializing in investments in middle market companies. The firm invests in companies with organic growth or acquisition opportunities. It does not invest in early stage ventures, real estate investments, and primary natural resource extraction companies. The firm typically invests in companies that are headquartered in Canada or have significant operations in Canada. It makes equity investments between $15 million and $60 million. The firm can make control investments or shared control investments with other investors. It seeks to have a board seat in its portfolio company. Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc. is based in Toronto, Canada. Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Turtle Creek Group.
Detailed Description


4 King Street WestSuite 1300Toronto, ON M5H 1B6Canada



Phone: 416-363-7400

Fax: 416-363-7511








Key Executives for Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc.




Mr. Andrew Brenton


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Todd Hryhorczuk CFA


      	Managing Partner
      








Mr. Jeffrey Keith Kilborn


      	Associate
      


Age: 37
        







Mr. Glen Ampleford CFA


      	Associate
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Turtle Creek Private Equity Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Turtle Creek Asset Management - Communications
































IntroductionPhilosophyCommunicationsTeamDocumentationContact




Communications




What’s New...



May 2017
2017 Q1 Quarterly Manager Commentary


Mar. 2017
2016 Annual Meeting, held Feb. 15, 2017


Feb. 2017
2016 Annual Letter


Feb. 2017
Turtle Creek Flagship Funds Closed to New Capital


Jan. 2017
2017 Distribution Rates for Cash Distribution Classes





The Tao of the Turtle



Printer friendly version of the Tao Collection

Sep. 2015
The Endowment Approach

Sep. 2014
Why the Market Gets it So Wrong, So Often

Jun. 2013
Investment Edges - A Case Study

Apr. 2013
Investment Edge 3: Portfolio Construction

Dec. 2012
Investment Edge 2: Valuation

Nov. 2012
Investment Edge 1: Security Selection

Sep. 2012
Risk, A Further Discussion

Jan. 2012
What Kind of Return Can you Expect?, Part II

Nov. 2011
What Kind of Return Can You Expect?, Part I

May. 2011
Income vs. Capital

Nov. 2010
How We Own Equities

Jul. 2010
Why We Own Equities

Nov. 2009
Can You Be "Right" But Forever "Wrong"?

Sep. 2009
How Do You Feel About Risk Now?





Annual Letters

2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004



Quarterly Updates
Manager Commentary:

2017 Q1
2016 Q4 Q3 Q2



News



Feb. 2017
Turtle Creek Flagship Funds Closed to New Capital


Jan. 2017
2017 Distribution Rates for Cash Distribution Classes


Aug. 2016
Notice to Turtle Creek Equity Fund Unitholders


Sep. 2015
Value Investor Insight Interview with Turtle Creek’s CEO





Events



2016 Annual Meeting, held Feb. 15, 2017
Webcast


2015 Annual Meeting, held Feb. 10, 2016
Webcast


2015 Prime Quadrant Conference, interview with Turtle Creek’s CEO, held Nov. 12, 2015
YouTube


2015 Investor Evening, held Sep. 17, 2015
Webcast


2014 Annual Meeting, held Feb. 26, 2015
Webcast


2013 Annual Meeting, held Feb. 20, 2014
Webcast







			Copyright 2017 Turtle Creek Asset Management. All Rights Reserved. 
		




     Richardson GMP | The Horwood Team                                                          Client Login Accès aux comptes en ligne                 RichardsonGMP.com                                            Turtle Creek Equity Fund      Accredited Investors Only.                                                                  


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Andrew Ralph Brenton - Co-Founder at Turtle Creek Asset Management, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Andrew Ralph Brenton
Co-Founder at Turtle Creek Asset Management, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Transactions 


Andrew Ralph Brenton
Co-Founder at Turtle Creek Asset Management, Inc.



 Overview



Notable Companies


Scotia Merchant Capital Corp.

Turtle Creek Asset Management, Inc.




Board Seats



8





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 201 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




SNL Financial
May 3, 2017





                        Home Capital shareholder stands by investment                    





The Salt Lake Tribune
May 2, 2017





                        Money manager sees chance to buy in Home Capital                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Garth Davis

Former Partner at Scotia Merchant Capital Corp.




Tony van Marken

Venture Partner at Walsingham Growth Partners





Jeffrey Scott Hebel

Co-Founder at Turtle Creek Asset Management, Inc.




Jeffrey Harley Cole

Co-Founder at Turtle Creek Asset Management, Inc.





Andy B. Sessions

Co-Founder at Intercept Ventures




Alan Hibben

Managing Director at RBC Capital Partners Ltd.





John Coady

Chief Financial Officer & Principal at Infor Financial Group, Inc.




Ralph Steedman

Chief Executive Officer at Cancapleo Group Inc.





Matthew Miller

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Founder at Multispectral Imaging, Inc.




John L. Albright

Co-Founder at Relay Ventures







See 191 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 191 More 


 


 Paths to Andrew Ralph Brenton



            Andrew Ralph Brenton          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Andrew Ralph Brenton






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Andrew Ralph Brenton.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 1984 


University of Western Ontario - Richard Ivey School of Business

                  The Ivey Business School is located on Western University's campus in London, Ontario, Canada. Its MBA, along with a range of other programs, is offered by Western University, but it is managed separately with its own dean and budget. Its primary location is London, Ontario, but the school also has two executive teaching facilities in Toronto and Hong Kong. The University of Western Ontario created the Department of Commercial Economics within the Faculty of Arts in 1922 to offer elective course work in business. The first degree program was the Bachelor of Arts (Honors) in Business Administration (HBA). The school has been consistently ranked as one of Canada's top business schools                




 
Class of 1980 


Mount Allison University

                  Mount Allison has been ranked Canada’s #1 undergraduate university by Maclean’s magazine more times than any other university.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    2007 - Current                


Turtle Creek Asset Management, Inc.


                  Turtle Creek Asset Management is a value manager that seeks to invest in the stocks of sound businesses with strong management teams that can drive the intrinsic value of their companies higher over time, even during difficult market conditions. The firm looks for companies with strong balance sheets that are able to build long-term value, either through reinvesting in their businesses or by making strategic acquisitions.After identifying the companies on which to focus, Turtle Creek Asset Management formulates and maintains a view of each company's value. Their objective is to fully understand any company in which they invest. They then construct an optimal portfolio which is diversified over no more than 25 companies in largely unrelated industries. The size of each holding determined by many factors, the most important being how attractively priced it is. Changes to their portfolio over time are primarily driven by their response to changes in traded prices. The cheaper a company's stock becomes, the more the firm purchases and the more expensive it becomes, the more they will sell.Turtle Creek Asset Management manages the Turtle Creek Equity Fund and the Turtle Creek Investment Fund. The funds are managed as one pool of capital. The firm seeks to provide long-term capital growth by investing in the equity of publicly-traded companies. They maintain an almost identical portfolio between the two funds, with the exception of the Turtle Creek Investment Fund's private company investments, which comprise approximately 10% of its assets. The Turtle Creek Investment Fund is closed to new investors.                




Managing Partner

                                    1984 - 2007                


Scotia Merchant Capital Corp.


                  Scotia Merchant Capital Corp. provides equity financing to North American companies, with an emphasis on Canada.                




Professional

                                    1984 - Prior                


McLeod Young Weir Ltd.






Professional

                                    Prior                


Scotia Capital, Inc.


                  Founded in 1939, Scotia Capital, Inc. is a full-service financial services firm headquartered in Toronto, Ontario. The firm is a subsidiary of the Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE: BNS) Their global operations are divided into two primary business units: (1) global corporate andinvestment banking and (2) global capital markets.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Osprey Media Income Fund

                    The Group's principle activities are publishing, printing and distributing of daily and non-daily newspapers, magazines and specialty publications in Canada. The Group publishes local daily, non-daily newspapers, other print products including magazines, shopping guides and telephone directories. The Group's publications are present on internet and offers classified and local advertising, as well as other services for local advertisers and readers. It operates only in the local markets.                  




Member, Advisory Board

                    Current                  


Walsingham Growth Partners

                    Walsingham Growth Partners focuses on investments in expansion/growth stage infrastructure smart technology companies with emphasis on those with the most advanced technologies for the energy, environment and enterprise infrastructure sectors. The firm seeks to invest in companies that target potentially large markets and have best-in-class products. They also invest selectively in early-stage opportunities. Walsingham looks for companies that are undergoing transitions such moving from the early-stage to the growth-stage, that are undergoing management changes and that are beginning to become profitable. The firm also looks for companies operating in industries that are on the brink of change and are moving from emerging markets to growing markets.Within the energy sector, Walsingham targets companies with smart technologies related to grid management, extraction and transportation. Within the environmental sector, the firm targets companies with smart technologies related to the water, air and recycling segments. The firm's interests within the enterprise smart technology sector include software, data and communications.Investments range from $2 million to $6 million. Walsingham targets companies with pre-money valuations of less than $30 million. They expect to initially hold a 10% to 40% equity interest on a fully-diluted basis in any single investment. Walsingham prefers to hold a seat on their portfolio companies Boards of Directors and, at a minimum, requires Board Observation seats. While they typically co-invest with other investors, the firm seeks to co-lead initial investments rounds.                  




Member, Advisory Board

                    Current                  


Carpedia Capital Ltd.






Director

                    Current                  


Automodular Assemblies, Inc.






Trustee

                    2008 - 2011                  


Cinram International Income Fund

                    Cinram International Income Fund provides pre-recorded multimedia products and related logistics services. Its wholly owned subsidiary Cinram International Inc. manufactures and distributes pre-recorded DVDs, audio CDs, and CD-ROMs for motion picture studios, music labels, publishers and computer software companies. The company was founded on March 21, 2006 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.                  




Director

                    Prior - 2001                  


RNG Group, Inc.

                    RNG Group, Inc. sells solar energy products. The firm offers components, solar kits, the traveler series and the element series. The company was founded by Yi Li in 2010 and is headquartered in Ontario, CA.                  




Director

                    2001 - 2007                  


Q9 Networks, Inc.

                    Q9 Networks, Inc. provides outsourced data centre infrastructure for supporting business-critical computing operations to customers in public and private sectors. It designs, builds, and operates its data centers in Alberta, British Columbia, and Ontario for information technology (IT) infrastructure requirements. It offers co-location services, computing infrastructure services, such as servers, storage solutions, network solutions, and backup and imaging solutions, and network services, including high-availability internet bandwidth, cross connections, inter-data centre connectivity, and remote connectivity. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.                  




Director

                    2001 - Prior                  


Automodular Corp.

                    Automodular Corp. is a development stage company. Presently, the company has no business operations and is in a position to consider all acquisition or deal opportunities that would increase shareholders wealth. Automodular was founded on May 7, 1957 and is headquartered in Pickering, Canada.                  





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  TURTLE CREEK EQUITY FUND raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  TURTLE CREEK EQUITY FUND raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  TURTLE CREEK INVESTMENT FUND raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  TURTLE CREEK INVESTMENT FUND raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  TURTLE CREEK INVESTMENT FUND raised money in a private placement transaction                                  






See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 






 Other Affiliations




              Andrew Ralph Brenton is affiliated with
                            Turtle Creek Asset Management, Inc., Scotia Merchant Capital Corp., McLeod Young Weir Ltd., Scotia Capital, Inc., Osprey Media Income Fund, Walsingham Growth Partners, Carpedia Capital Ltd., Automodular Assemblies, Inc., Cinram International Income Fund, RNG Group, Inc., Q9 Networks, Inc., Automodular Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Fillable Online turtlecreek FOR CANADIAN SUBSCRIBERS ONLY - Turtle Creek Asset ... Fax Email Print - PDFfiller









 






















































 


    Fillable FOR CANADIAN SUBSCRIBERS ONLY - Turtle Creek Asset ... - turtlecreek
  




    Description   

                                                Turtle Creek Equity Fund Subscription Agreement FOR CANADIAN SUBSCRIBERS ONLY Do not use for subscribers that are citizens or residents of the United States, dual citizens or other "U.S. Persons " (as defined under the Intergovernmental Agreement between Canada and the United States for the exchange of tax information under the CanadaU.S. Tax Convention) This Subscription Agreement must be received no...
                                

 


      Fill & Sign Online, Print, Email, Fax, or Download
    



      Fill Online
    


 






 


Form Popularity  



  



        Fill Online
      




        eSign
      




        eFax
      




        Email
      




        Add Annotation
      




        Share
      

 

 

          Not the form you were looking for?
      









Search
 



















 












 






Rate This Form


4.0
Satisfied















55
 Votes









Keywords



            2016
          



            1903
          



            NFFE
          



            Issuer
          



            NFFEs
          



            A-1
          



            A-dist
          



            FATCA
          



            issuers
          



            F-dist
          



            M5H
          



            unincorporated
          



            I-dist
          



            1B6
          



            IGA
          



            Intergovernmental
          



            GIIN
          



            subscribes
          



            unitholders
          



            registrant
          



            undertakes
          



            assignable
          



            instrumentality
          



            RESIDIENT
          



            Entitys
          



            FFI
          



            rescission
          



            settlor
          



            POSTION
          



            realizable
          



            C-67
          



            s
          


 


          Related Forms
              - 1903
            




Glossary


Freight Planning Glossary Aerotropolis. In contemporary urban planning, a land use development form consisting of aviationintensi ve businesses and related



Nursing Assistant Training and Testing Reimbursement


OFFICE OF RATES MANAGEMENT DELIVERIES AND OVERNIGHT: 4500 10TH AVENUE SE, LACEY, WA 98503 MAILING: PO BOX 45600, OLYMPIA, WA 985045600 Nursing Assistant



Minnesota Statutes 2016, Section 524.3-301


1 MINNESOTA STATUTES 2016 524.3301 524.3301 INFORMAL PROBATE OR APPOINTMENT PROCEEDINGS; APPLICATION; CONTENTS. An informal probate proceeding is an informal



of is a of 


Maine Motor Carrier Review Board
September 25, 2014
Meeting Minutes
The Motor Carrier Review Board met on September 25, 2014.
The following Board members



Serving Seven Nights Per Week


Dinner Menu Serving Seven Nights Per Week Gift Certificates Available We Do Not Accept Bank Gift Cards Appetizers Shrimp Cocktail 16 4 Steves Shrimp 16



2016 Recovery Month Toolkit


belief that behavioral health is essential to health, prevention works, treatment is effective, and people recover from mental and/or substance use disorders.



DIVISION 40


DIVISION 40 ADULT FOSTER HOMES 3090400000 Renumbered to 3090400300 3090400005 Renumbered to 3090400305 3090400010 Renumbered to 3090400310 3090400011 Renumbered



888-446-6911 (Phone)


ELECTRICAL SERVICE CONTRACT SMART CITY ELECTRIC, INC. GRB Convention Center, Houston, TX 8884466911 (Phone) 7029436001 (FAX) csr smartcity.com Show Name:










iShares Product List


iShares U.S. Product List As of 10/5/16 iShares Core ETFs iShares Core ETFs are a low cost and taxefficient way to build a strong foundation for a portfolio.

 






Loading, please wait...
 









OK





























































TCE Stock price and news - AOL Finance





























































AOL Quotes
















TURTLE CREEK EQUITY FUND TCATCE
Your results will include information on:


      Stocks: Last Price and Day Change, Company Profile, Dividends, Competitors, Key Stats, Market Data, Financials
      


      Funds: Performance, Risk Measures, Asset Allocation, Management, Top Holdings, Top Sectors, Filings
      


      ETFs: Price, Asset Allocation, Monthly Premium/Discount, Top Holdings, Top Sectors, Latest Distributions
      










© 2017 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

    

  Have questions? Check out our
  FAQ






 













Fri, 
Jul 28




°F


Set Your Location
City, State, or Zip


Change weather location





















Mail




Search 



Sign In / Join




My Account


Log Out





News 




Entertainment 




Finance 




Lifestyle 




Games 




Video 




Shop 

























Welcome to Finance on AOL.com!
You can now search stock quotes from your favorite companies, mutual funds and other financial assets here.
Search QuotesSearch Quotes  Click here to go to your Portfolios. Have questions? Check out our FAQ. 
















Turtle Creek Equity Fund Profile































 
    Use of this site is subject to, and your continued use constitutes your express agreement to be
    bound by, the 
    
     Terms of Use and 
     Privacy Statement.
    
    Any unauthorized use of this site is strictly prohibited.


XBRL Voluntary Filing Program
  Visit the CSAs XBRL website for information about XBRL and the voluntary program.
Click here for information about XBRL software and viewing XBRL financial statements.
  










Turtle Creek Equity Fund




Date of Formation:
Jul 30 2007
Auditor:
KPMG LLP


Sales Compensation:
Front end or deferred load charge
(Principal) Custodian:
Scotia Capital Inc.


Investment Fund Type:
Other
(Principal) Distributor:
Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc.


Eligible for RRSP:
Yes
Investment Portfolio Manager:
Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc.


Financial Year-End:
Dec 31
Trustee:
Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc.


Reporting Jurisdictions:
Non-Reporting Issuer









































 
    Use of this site is subject to, and your continued use constitutes your express agreement to be
    bound by, the 
    
     Terms of Use and 
     Privacy Statement.
    
    Any unauthorized use of this site is strictly prohibited.




XBRL Voluntary Filing Program
  Visit the CSAs XBRL website for information about XBRL and the voluntary program.
Click here for information about XBRL software and viewing XBRL financial statements.
  





