    R. Knocke | Turtle Creek Management LLC | ZoomInfo.com 


Turtle Creek Financial Group


















Turtle Creek












FIRM
Dedicated to the goal of preserving 
                  and enhancing the wealth of our clients.







Turtle Creek Management, LLC was founded in 2006. The firm is independently owned and managed by three principals and has no affiliation with any outside broker-dealer. The firm is exclusively in the business of providing investment advisory services to clients. Since its initial founding, the firm has grown to over $2 billion in assets under management. As a Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) the firm is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).                          
In 2009, Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA (TCTC) was established to provide trust services to a group of high net-worth families and individuals. The trust capability is a valuable complement to investment management clients who can utilize the services of a professional fiduciary as needed. The Texas Department of Banking granted the charter to TCTC and is the primary regulator for the trust operations.
 










Mission Statement

At Turtle Creek, our goal is to provide the highest level of customized investment management services using an objective, client-driven approach. We focus on delivering to our clients a highly personalized level of service with unwavering integrity.
                   











Our Team
Our experienced investment, trust and administration professionals are dedicated to the goal of preserving and enhancing the wealth of our clients.








VIEW BIO





R. Craig Knocke,CFA
PRINCIPAL










VIEW BIO





Philip C.W. Kistler,CFA
PRINCIPAL










VIEW BIO





R. Kevin Hardage,CFA
PRINCIPAL
















VIEW BIO






MARK LANYON,CFA
Senior Vice President










VIEW BIO






Sarah H. Wood
Vice President
















Mari Lee Rosas
Assistant Vice President












Brandy Lottman
Assistant Vice President

















Talbott Zink
Investment Associate












Shelbi Crawford
Office Administrator















VIEW BIO






Robert G. Mckenzie
Board Member Turtle Creek Trust company










VIEW BIO






David C. Sharman
Board Member Turtle Creek Trust company

























Our Services
We offer a customized approach to investment management and utilize a range of individual equity and fixed income investments




Investment Management Services
We are an investment manager primarily for private clients typically with at least $2 million of investable assets. We offer a customized approach to investment management and utilize a range of individual equity and fixed income investments. We provide our services to clients on a discretionary basis using separately managed accounts. Each client at Turtle Creek works with an individual portfolio manager. Portfolio managers focus on developing investment strategies and portfolios that are consistent with a client’s investment objectives. We focus on serving individuals, families, and institutional clients.







Trust and Estate Services
Our investment management business is complemented by Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA which offers an array of fiduciary and trust administration services. We administer all types of personal trusts, and our services include:

Trust and Estate Administration
Monthly Account/Reporting
1099’s, IRS tax reporting
Fiduciary income tax return (coordinated with outside CPA’s)
Quarterly Estimated Tax payments
                         
















Our Approach
We construct investment portfolios tailored to each client’s specific investment objectives and risk tolerance.






Investment Philosophy
Turtle Creek Management emphasizes a highly personalized approach to investment management, actively constructing portfolios of high-quality equities and bonds based on each client’s unique risk tolerance and goals.
Our professionals are balanced investment managers, deploying a time-tested and disciplined approach to fixed income and equity security selection.
We believe superior investment outcomes are achieved by maintaining a long-term investment horizon, minimizing portfolio turnover, controlling potential investment risk, and avoiding undue tax obligations.
Our view of risk is the potential for permanent impairment of client’s assets through an investment. While risk is inherent in the investment process, we seek to minimize it by building properly diversified portfolios and investing in corporations exhibiting significant competitive advantages, financial strength, an established history of growth, and above-average returns on invested capital. 
 


Client Communication
We seek to keep clients informed in a timely and concise manner.   Clients of Turtle Creek can expect to receive communication including:

Letters detailing actions taken in portfolios
Monthly Statements from our independent custodians, State Street Bank and Trust and Fidelity Institutional Wealth Services.
Annual tax planning letter and 1099 package from the custodian
Web-based access to account information and historical data.
Periodic updates on key events within the firm

At Turtle Creek, our personnel are all very accessible via phone and  email.  We strive to ensure that open lines of communication are  maintained with the client which provides a level of transparency not  experienced at some of the larger, less personalized institutions.






Equity Investment Process
Turtle Creek utilizes an intrinsic value style of stock selection. We believe discrete measures of corporate performance such as earnings growth, profitability, and leverage are individual components, not the primary determinants, of a business’s overall intrinsic value.
We research and value each company based on a rigorous and consistent methodology emphasizing longer-term growth and expected free cash flow generation. We seek to buy competitively advantaged companies with secular growth prospects, strong financial profiles, and attractive returns on invested capital.
We manage investment risk and estimate potential return by investing in securities at significant discount to our estimate of a firm’s longer-term value, junctures at which a company’s market valuation reflects potentially negative future scenarios at odds with more likely longer term outcomes.
We are unconstrained equity managers, exploring investment opportunities across market capitalizations and in both high-growth and mature companies. 
 
Fixed Income Investment Process
Turtle Creek Management assembles diversified portfolios of high quality corporate, treasury, agency, and municipal bonds with the primary goals of portfolio risk reduction and income generation.
We utilize a fundamental credit analysis process, analyzing the credit quality and duration risk of individual bonds and focusing on attractive relative valuations to the broader universe of fixed income securities.
We maintain an intermediate duration for each portfolio, ten years or less, to dampen the impact of potential interest rate movements on a portfolio’s value.
To ensure best pricing and execution and enhance portfolio yield, we avoid the traditional inventory approach to bond sourcing. We instead maintain a pro-active auction approach, consistently sourcing multiple bids and offers for any single issue across a large group of broker counterparties. 
  







DISCLOSURES
Important information disclosed to the public.

READ MORE












Need more information?
Get in touch with us, or visit us at our Dallas office.











214.468.0100
Turtle Creek Management, LLC
Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA
                                    3838 Oak Lawn Ave, Suite 1650
                              Dallas, Texas 75219
info@turtlecreekmanagement.com
 © Turtle Creek Management, LLC. All rights reserved.
Hand-crafted by Commercial Ideas























 


Turtle Creek Financial Group


















Turtle Creek









R. Kevin Hardage,CFA
PRINCIPAL
Mr. Hardage was born in 1961. He is a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin, having earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the College of Liberal Arts in 1983, and an M.B.A. from the Graduate School of Business in 1986. He received a J.D. degree from Southern Methodist University School of Law in 1989. From 1998 to 2002 he served as Vice President of Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. and manager of the firm's Dallas office. From 2002 to 2006 he served as a Vice President of U.S. Trust Company, N.A. and portfolio manager. Mr. Hardage is a co-founder of Turtle Creek Management, LLC and currently serves as Principal of the firm, managing all legal activities. He is a portfolio manager of Turtle Creek Management, LLC and as Chief Executive Officer of Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA, a state-chartered trust company and an affiliate of Turtle Creek Management, LLC.BACK


























Need more information?
Get in touch with us, or visit us at our Dallas office.











214.468.0100
Turtle Creek Management, LLC
Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA
                                    3838 Oak Lawn Ave, Suite 1650
                              Dallas, Texas 75219
info@turtlecreekmanagement.com
 ÂŠ Turtle Creek Management, LLC. All rights reserved.
                                Powered & Developed by Commercial Ideas LLC






















 


Commentary | Turtle Creek Financial Group























Turtle Creek







 
 
 
 


Commentary






CLIENT COMMUNICATION - Q3 2015
VIEW COMMENTARY


TCM YEAR IN REVIEW - DECEMBER 2015
VIEW COMMENTARY



CLIENT COMMUNICATION - Q1 2016
VIEW COMMENTARY



CLIENT COMMUNICATION - Q2 2016
VIEW COMMENTARY



CLIENT COMMUNICATION - Q3 2016
VIEW COMMENTARY


TCM YEAR IN REVIEW - DECEMBER 2016
VIEW COMMENTARY


CLIENT COMMUNICATION - Q1 2017
VIEW COMMENTARY

CLIENT COMMUNICATION - Q2 2017
VIEW COMMENTARY








 
 




Need more information?
Get in touch with us, or visit us at our Dallas office.










214.468.0100
Turtle Creek Management, LLC
Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA
                                    3838 Oak Lawn Ave, Suite 1650
                              Dallas, Texas 75219
info@turtlecreekmanagement.com
 ÂŠ Turtle Creek Management, LLC. All rights reserved.
                                Powered & Developed by Commercial Ideas LLC








Turtle Creek























Weclome to Turtle Creek
Turtle Creek Management, LLC and Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA are privately-owned, independent firms focused on providing custom investment management, and trust services to individuals, 
                families and institutions.
                














.






    Philip Kistler | Turtle Creek Management LLC | ZoomInfo.com


HFC Richard Kevin Hardage Insider Trades for HollyFrontier Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































HollyFrontier Corp.

                  NYSE: HFC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

HollyFrontier Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 6:20 p.m.


HFC

/quotes/zigman/5690091/composite


$
28.40




Change

+0.15
+0.52%

Volume
Volume 135,245
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/5690091/composite
Today's close

$
			28.77
		


$
				28.25
			
Change

-0.52
-1.81%





Day low
Day high
$27.88
$29.10










52 week low
52 week high

            $22.63
        

            $34.78
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Richard Kevin Hardage



Mr. Richard K. Hardage is Independent Director at HollyFrontier Corp., Chief Executive Officer at Turtle Creek Trust Co., Managing Partner at TCTC Holdings LLC and Co-Founder, President & Portfolio Manager at Turtle Creek Management LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at HollyFrontier Corp. He also serves as Chief Executive Officer of Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA. Prior to co-founding Turtle Creek Management in 2006, from 1998 to 2002 he served as Vice President of Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. and manager of the firm's Dallas office. From 2002 to 2006 he served as a Vice President of U.S. Trust Company, N.A. and portfolio manager.
Mr. Hardage is a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin, having earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the College of Liberal Arts in 1983, and an M.B.A. from the Graduate School of Business in 1986. He received a J.D. degree from Southern Methodist University School of Law in 1989.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/09/2016
5,149


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/11/2015
2,730


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/12/2014
3,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/13/2013
3,009


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/23/2013
2,950


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Michael C. Jennings 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. George J. Damiris 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Richard Lawrence Voliva 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. James M. Stump 
Senior Vice President-Refining Operations




Mr. Skipp  Kistler 
Vice President & Refinery Manager




Mr. John W. Gann 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Craig  Biery 
Director-Investor Relations




Ms. Denise C. McWatters 
Secretary, General Counsel & Senior Vice President




Mr. Robert J. Kostelnik 
Independent Director




Mr. Franklin  Myers 
Independent Director




Mr. Leldon E. Echols 
Independent Director




Mr. Douglas Y. Bech 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Richard Kevin Hardage 
Independent Director




Mr. James H. Lee 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael E. Rose 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:21 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 


Disclosures | Turtle Creek Financial Group
























Turtle Creek







 
 
 
 


Disclosures
ADV

The ADV is the form used by Investment Advisers to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission and state securities authority as well as disclose material information about its business to its clients. It consists of Part 1, Part 2A and 2B.



1. ADV Part 1 is made public on the website www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.



2. ADV Part 2A Turtle Creek Management, LLC ADV Part2A



3. ADV Part 2B
Mark E. Lanyon | 
 R. Kevin Hardage
R. Craig Knocke | Philip C.W. Kistler










Additional
Resources

Investment Advisers Association
Texas Bankers Association
SEC Investor Website
Texas Department of Banking






 
 








Privacy Policy
Turtle Creek Management, LLC Privacy Policy

Texas Consumer Complaint Notice
Texas law requires a bank, foreign bank, bank holding company, or trust company that is chartered, licensed, or registered by the Texas Department of Banking under the Finance Code to provide notice to its consumers of how to file complaints. 
Consumer Complaint Notice









Need more information?
Get in touch with us, or visit us at our Dallas office.










214.468.0100
Turtle Creek Management, LLC
Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA
                                    3838 Oak Lawn Ave, Suite 1650
                              Dallas, Texas 75219
info@turtlecreekmanagement.com
 ÂŠ Turtle Creek Management, LLC. All rights reserved.
                                Powered & Developed by Commercial Ideas LLC








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












TURTLE CREEK TRUST COMPANY, LTA Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      TURTLE CREEK TRUST COMPANY, LTA
                    

•   DALLAS, TX
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA is based out of Dallas.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from TURTLE CREEK TRUST COMPANY, LTA, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




turtle creek trust company, lta


3838 OAK LAWN AVENUE

DALLAS
TX
                                                        
                                                    75219


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      2144680104







Recent SEC Filings




13F-NT filed on 05/15/2017
13F-NT filed on 02/14/2017
13F-NT filed on 11/14/2016
13F-NT filed on 08/15/2016
13F-NT filed on 05/16/2016
13F-NT filed on 02/16/2016
13F-NT filed on 11/16/2015
13F-NT filed on 08/14/2015
13F-NT filed on 05/15/2015
13F-NT filed on 02/17/2015







Parent/ Related Companies







TCTC HOLDINGS, LLC

















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,450)



Hourly Charges (12,502)



Performance-Based Fees (6,657)



None (3,396)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,026)



1M - 10M (4,729)



10M - 100M (9,354)



100M - 500M (5,820)



1B - 10B (2,642)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,601)



100K - 500K (11,251)



500K - 1M (3,090)



1M - 10M (3,577)



10M - 100M (2,704)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,033 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,605 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,648 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,629 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,591 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,681 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,082 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,618 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,895 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,845 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,967 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,389 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Turtle Creek Management, LLC - Financial Services Firm, Dallas, Texas - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Turtle Creek Management, LLC





Turtle Creek Management, LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Turtle Creek Management, LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Turtle Creek Management, LLC is a RIA based in Dallas, TX with $2B in AUM and with 4 advisors nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Dallas, TX 




# OF EMPLOYEES
10


Total Assets
$2,400,593,387



Website







Location
        



3838 Oak Lawn Ave


Dallas,
TX
75219


214-468-0100









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 15, 2017





$2.4B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






385

          
Accounts
          


$6.2M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
4





name

start date









Peter John Denker

September 2011 







Richard Craig Knocke

November 2007 







Philip Corder Witter Kistler

October 2011 







Richard Kevin Hardage

May 2006 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Turtle Creek Trust Company, Lta
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Philip Corder Witter Kistler

Manager
      
March, 2006
      
less than 5%
      


Richard Craig Knocke

Manager
      
October, 2007
      
less than 5%
      


Richard Kevin Hardage

Manager
      
March, 2006
      
less than 5%
      


Sarah Heimbach Wood

Chief Compliance Officer
      
May, 2011
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations



































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started
















































PETRUS TRUST COMPANY, LTA Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






PETRUS TRUST COMPANY, LTA






3000 TURTLE CREEK BLVD., DALLAS,  Texas, 75219, (972) 535-1930


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
248


New Positions
67


Increased Positions
118


Decreased Positions
107


Positions with Activity
225


Sold Out Positions
71


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
445



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
8.59%


Basic Materials
5.15%


Industrials
4.92%


Consumer Cyclicals
16.63%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
16.49%


Financials
10.11%


Healthcare
8%


Technology
30.01%


Telecommunication Services
0.04%


Utilities
0.06%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






248 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



ALTABA INC
COM
18,365

New
314,302


AUTOZONE INC
COM
17,775
212
1.21
33,600


KINDER MORGAN INC DEL
COM
17,521

New
855,929


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
15,363
-907
(5.57)
117,431


TRUPANION INC
COM
14,784

New
600,000


EXPRESS SCRIPTS HLDG CO
COM
14,739
-41
(0.28)
236,463


FORTRESS INVESTMENT GROUP LLC
CL A
14,601
-1,714
(10.51)
1,825,147


PAYPAL HLDGS INC
COM
13,606
758
5.90
226,200


CVS HEALTH CORP
COM
13,376
13,005
3,509.20
169,488


TJX COS INC NEW
COM
13,287

New
190,800


COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS
CL A
13,156
1,220
10.22
188,700


HILL INTERNATIONAL INC
COM
12,939

New
2,587,768


CHECK POINT SOFTWARE TECH LTD
ORD
12,770
-1,249
(8.91)
120,000


F M C CORP
COM NEW
12,420
-4,031
(24.5)
162,077


SYMANTEC CORP
COM
12,398
-4,929
(28.45)
400,700


ALLERGAN PLC
SHS
10,726
-1,296
(10.78)
42,200


NETAPP INC
COM
10,642
-1,049
(8.98)
241,800


EBAY INC
COM
10,605
-750
(6.6)
293,200


SERVICEMASTER GLOBAL HLDGS INC
COM
10,075

New
243,958


LANDS END INC NEW
COM
9,186
527
6.08
682,976




<< first< previous123451012next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































 









Entity Detail | Texas Department of Banking





















Skip to main content










About Us
Contact Us
News and Events
FAQ
Jobs
Entity Log In










Texas Department of Banking
Commissioner Charles G. Cooper


Search form

Search 


Search




Dedicated to Excellence in Texas Banking Since 1905















You are hereHomeEntity SearchEntity Detail 







Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA


Headquarters Contact Info

Physical Address:
				
			3838 Oak Lawn Ave., Ste. 1650Dallas, TX 75219				
			

County: Dallas	
CEO: Kevin Hardage	
Date Opened:12/31/2012
Phone: 214-468-0104
Web: http://turtlecreekdallas.com



Mailing Address:
				
				3838 Oak Lawn Ave., Ste. 1650Dallas, TX, 75219				
				



Status: 

							
				
				Open
Charter Number: 1041-30
Trust Status: Non-Exempt




Branches




Name
Charter No.
Address
City
County
Date Opened
Date Closed




There are no branches available for this entity.






History

Download CSV



Date
Action
Notes




9/22/2014
Home office relocation
From 2626 Cole Ave., Ste. 705, Dallas, TX, to 3838 Oak Lawn Ave., Ste. 1650, Dallas, TX.

12/31/2012
Opened
Turtle Creek Trust Company, LTA.

12/31/2012
Conversion
RE: Turtle Creek Trust Company, Dallas, TX.















 
 


























Turtle Creek Management, LLC - Financial Services Firm, Dallas, Texas - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Turtle Creek Management, LLC





Turtle Creek Management, LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Turtle Creek Management, LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Turtle Creek Management, LLC is a RIA based in Dallas, TX with $2B in AUM and with 4 advisors nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Dallas, TX 




# OF EMPLOYEES
10


Total Assets
$2,400,593,387



Website







Location
        



3838 Oak Lawn Ave


Dallas,
TX
75219


214-468-0100









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 15, 2017





$2.4B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






385

          
Accounts
          


$6.2M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
4





name

start date









Peter John Denker

September 2011 







Richard Craig Knocke

November 2007 







Philip Corder Witter Kistler

October 2011 







Richard Kevin Hardage

May 2006 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Turtle Creek Trust Company, Lta
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Philip Corder Witter Kistler

Manager
      
March, 2006
      
less than 5%
      


Richard Craig Knocke

Manager
      
October, 2007
      
less than 5%
      


Richard Kevin Hardage

Manager
      
March, 2006
      
less than 5%
      


Sarah Heimbach Wood

Chief Compliance Officer
      
May, 2011
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations

































