










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















TVV Capital











TVV Capital is a value-oriented, lower middle-market focused private equity firm that makes control leveraged buyout investments in established, private and profitable companies with strong management teams and enterprise values in the range of $10-100 million. 
TVV Capital targets companies operating in niche manufacturing, distribution and service industries principally located or operating primarily in the Southeastern United States.

Copyright 2010 TVV Capital
Latest News

February 5, 2013
TVV Capital Acquires Leading Agricultural Equipment Manufacturer Bigham Brothers, Inc.
October 18, 2012
    TVV Capital Acquires Big 3 Precision Products, Inc
September 20, 2010
    Brookwood Associates Advises TVV Capital in Sale of Industrial Boiler Portfolio Company to Source Capital
March 08, 2010
TVV Capital Sells Two Investments Realizes 14x Multiple on Invested Capital




 





























        TVV : Employer Identification Number Registry

































































Tweet



Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  T  TVV









                    TVV : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



452453787 - TVV Capital Partners III, L.P.Business Address: 201 FOURTH AVENUE NORTH, SUITE 1250, NASHVILLE, TN, 37219Mailing Address: 201 FOURTH AVENUE NORTH, SUITE 1250, NASHVILLE, TN000000000 - TVV Capital Partners III-A, L.P.Business Address: 201 FOURTH AVENUE NORTH, SUITE 1250, NASHVILLE, TN, 37219Mailing Address: 201 FOURTH AVENUE NORTH, SUITE 1250, NASHVILLE, TN813918056 - TVV Capital Partners IV, L.P.Business Address: 201 FOURTH AVENUE NORTH, SUITE 1250, NASHVILLE, TN, 37219Mailing Address: 201 FOURTH AVENUE NORTH, SUITE 1250, NASHVILLE, TN, 37219






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            

















W. Weaver  Kenneth - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











W. Weaver  Kenneth
Check out list of companies and businesses related to W. Weaver  Kenneth. Find out W. Weaver  Kenneth address and contact details. View other people related to W. Weaver  Kenneth - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

201 Fourth Avenue North Suite 1250 Nashville 37219 TN




Companies related to W. Weaver  Kenneth
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001686802TVV Capital Partners IV, L.P.201 FOURTH AVENUE NORTH SUITE 1250 NASHVILLE 37219




W. Weaver  Kenneth on the Web
Persons related to W. Weaver  Kenneth - TVV Capital Partners IV, L.P.NamePositionCityByrd  AndrewNashvilleByrd, Jr.  AndrewNashvilleSell  CharlesNashvilleGaittens  JamesNashvilleWeaver  KennethNashvilleN/A  TVV Associates IV, LLCNashvilleN/A  TVV Equity Investors IV, LLCNashville




Other people with surname WeaverWeaver  Dorothy, Weaver  Dorothy, Weaver  Kevin, Weaver  Graham, Weaver  David, Weaver  John, Weaver  Richard, Weaver  Susan, Weaver  Michael, Weaver  Daniel, WEAVER  J,, Weaver  Susan, Weaver  Gregory, Weaver  Neal, Weaver  Jay, Weaver  Richard, WEAVER  K., Weaver  Dorothy, Weaver  Dennis, Weaver  Dan, Weaver  Jack, Weaver  Nancy, Weaver  C, Weaver  William, Weaver  Susan, Weaver  Scott, Weaver  Todd, Weaver  Gregory, Weaver  Allen, Weaver  Gregory, Weaver  Phillip, Weaver  Angela, Weaver  Matthew, Weaver  William, Weaver  Michael, Weaver  Susan, Weaver  Michael, Weaver  Jason, Weaver  John, Weaver  D.D., Weaver  Matthew, Weaver  Thomas, Weaver  Constance, Weaver  Amy, Weaver  Samuel, Weaver  Samuel, Weaver  Graham, WEAVER  DANIEL, WEAVER  DANIEL, Weaver  Kenton








 








TVV Capital Partners III-A, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











TVV Capital Partners III-A, L.P.
List of persons related to the company TVV Capital Partners III-A, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of TVV Capital Partners III-A, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001562842Company address: 201 FOURTH AVENUE NORTH, SUITE 1250  NASHVILLE 37219Phone number: 615-256-8061



People related to TVV Capital Partners III-A, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryW. Byrd  Andrew201 Fourth Avenue North, Suite 1250 NashvilleTNN/A  Andrew W. Byrd & Co., L.L.C.201 Fourth Avenue North, Suite 1250 NashvilleTNG. Sell  Charles201 Fourth Avenue North, Suite 1250 NashvilleTNW. Reisner  Frederic201 Fourth Avenue North, Suite 1250 NashvilleTNC. Cook  Stephen201 Fourth Avenue North, Suite 1250 NashvilleTNN/A  TVV Equity Investors III, LLC201 Fourth Avenue North, Suite 1250 NashvilleTN




TVV Capital Partners III-A, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesTVV Capital Partners III, L.P., TVV Capital Partners IV, L.P.












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Transactions Archives - Page 67 of 361 - Private Equity Professional
















































































Member Login






×
Member Login





Close












×
Search in Site




To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter





Close





























									A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.								

									George S. Patton								












 









Huron and Duchossois Partner Up On Loading Docks



May 13, 2016  					
 All Transactions, New Platform, Transactions  

Huron Capital Partners and Duchossois Capital Management (DCM) have acquired a majority equity interest in Systems Inc. from the company’s current owner Ed McGuire. Mike Pilgrim, the CEO of Systems, co-invested in this transaction alongside Huron and DCM. Systems is a manufacturer of hydraulic, pneumatic, and mechanical loading dock leveling equipment, truck restraints, and specialty […]




Spanos Barber Jesse Invests in Stat Health



May 13, 2016  					
 All Transactions, New Platform, Transactions  

Spanos Barber Jesse & Co. (SBJ) has acquired Stat Health Management, a provider of management services to urgent care centers on New York’s Long Island. This transaction was completed by SBJ in partnership with McLarty Capital and St. Cloud Capital. Stat Health currently has nine locations throughout Long Island. The company was founded in 2005 […]




Lariat Invests in Willowood USA



May 13, 2016  					
 All Transactions, New Platform, Transactions  

Lariat Partners has made an investment in Willowood USA, a maker of generic crop protection products. The growth capital investment will be used by the company to fund an expansion of Willowood’s product portfolio and for market expansion. “Lariat is providing the necessary growth capital to help Willowood make strategic hires, internally develop and opportunistically […]




﻿﻿Main Street Scores on Sale of SambaSafety



May 12, 2016  					
 All Transactions, Exit, Transactions  

The recent sale of Safety Holdings (DBA SambaSafety), a provider of cloud-based data services on unsafe driving behavior, to ABRY Partners provided a home-run return to Main Street Capital. SambaSafety’s customers include employers, insurance companies, background screeners and fleet management companies. The information is used to identify and address unsafe driving behavior and to allow […]




Webster Continues Epic Expansion



May 12, 2016  					
 Add-on, All Transactions, Transactions  

Epic Health Services, a portfolio company of Webster Capital, has acquired Rehabilitation Associates, a provider of pediatric therapy services based in Virginia. Rehabilitation Associates is the largest private pediatric therapy provider in Virginia and provides occupational, physical and speech therapy, as well as ancillary services such as special instruction, and service coordination. The company serves […]




First Reserve Acquires Division from Crompton Greaves



May 10, 2016  					
 All Transactions, New Platform, Transactions  

Private equity firm First Reserve has agreed to acquire the international power transmission and distribution division of Crompton Greaves for €115 million ($131 million). The division is a manufacturer of transformers and switchgears. The acquired assets include the brand name Pauwels which the company, under First Reserve ownership, will be named upon closing. Crompton Greaves acquired […]




Narrow Gauge Acquires SEI Group



May 10, 2016  					
 All Transactions, New Platform, Transactions  

Narrow Gauge Capital has acquired a majority stake in The SEI Group, an installer of residential building products for builders and general contractors. Siguler Guff and Goldman Sachs co-invested alongside Narrow Gauge Capital. The SEI Group installs insulation, gutters, garage doors, fireplaces, housewrap, door hardware and mailboxes at single-family and multi-family residential construction projects in […]




Waud Capital Acquires Ivy Rehab



May 10, 2016  					
 All Transactions, New Platform, Transactions  

Waud Capital Partners has acquired Ivy Rehab Network in partnership with the company’s founder and CEO Michael Neuscheler and the president of Ivy Midwest, Dave Franklin. Ivy Rehab provides management support services to a network of 45 outpatient physical therapy centers – 43 owned and two managed centers – that are located in the Northeast […]




Swander Sells Probiotics Maker to Clorox



May 5, 2016  					
 All Transactions, Exit, Transactions  

Swander Pace Capital has sold its portfolio company ReNew Life Formulas, a maker of probiotics and other digestive care supplements, to The Clorox Company for $290 million.  In calendar year 2015, Renew Life had revenues of $115 million. ReNew Life produces and sells digestive health products and functional foods including probiotic supplements, herbal cleansing products, […]




Warburg Pincus Acquires DocuTAP



May 5, 2016  					
 All Transactions, New Platform, Transactions  

Warburg Pincus has completed the acquisition of DocuTAP, a provider of information technology to healthcare services providers. DocuTAP’s software products are used by urgent care and primary care clinics for the maintenance of electronic medical records, practice management, and revenue cycle management. The company’s products are used by approximately 1,300 urgent care and primary care […]



« Previous
1
…
65
66
67
68
69
…
361
Next » 









 









Proprietary Sourcing Model – TVV Capital









































 

(615) 256-8061 


 






Proprietary Sourcing Model
100% of TVV’s prior investments were achieved through direct, non-shopped sources at attractive multiples. TVV maintains a proprietary sourcing and tracking database of over ten thousand qualified prospects; has fine-tuned an efficient and effective lead generation, screening and diligence process; and, has established a market reputation for highly-customized “seller-friendly“ approaches that emphasize senior manager level interactions with sellers at every step of the process.




Direct SourcingTVV’s proprietary, direct-sourcing deal model, led by a co-founder of the firm, serves as a strategic advantage for TVV’s investors and for business owners seeking a timely exit or business expansion.

Niche & Specific Industries TargetedTVV leverages its experience and expertise in acquiring niche manufacturing companies to specifically target industries and businesses that align with TVV’s investment criteria.

Partnership DrivenTVV’s team of skilled professionals contact business owners directly, offering a collaborative and confidential partnership-driven process. This relationship based approach moves forward at a pace determined by the current ownership team.

No need for brokers, No Third PartiesBusiness owners work directly with TVV throughout the entire process. TVV buys companies with its own funds, eliminating the additional fees from brokers or other representatives.

Business ownership transition aims for maintaining workforceWe have experience managing relationships over multiple years and processing transactions with a high degree of urgency. TVV prioritizes the goals of the business owner, is known for keeping companies and workforces intact, and enables equity participation for continuing management.


  












Scroll to top










Investment Strategy & Criteria – TVV Capital









































 

(615) 256-8061 


 









 




































 


Investment Strategy & Criteria
The Fund’s investment objective is to generate superior, risk-adjusted returns by capitalizing on the substantial illiquid market opportunities among small, well-managed and profitable businesses; leveraging TVV’s proprietary sourcing strategy to capture highly-qualified targets in a fragmented, inefficient and overlooked market; and, applying time- tested LBO value-investing approaches to maximize investment returns.



Revenue$10 – $150 Million

Enterprise Value$10 – $100 Million

EBITDA10% or higher, preferred

EBITDA Margin10% or higher



Cash FlowsPositive and stable

Profitability Consistent and Documented

AssetsLeverageable and Solid

ManagementStrong, Reliable and Consistent

NicheMarket Awareness and Platform

IdentifiableGrowth Path & Exit Opportunities


Proprietary Sourcing Model
  













Scroll to top










Why TVV – TVV Capital








































 

(615) 256-8061 


 









 




































 


Why Business Owners Partner with TVV
LoyaltyTVV keeps companies and workforces intact, and enables equity participation for continuing management.

No DeadlinesWhether the sale takes two months or two years, TVV moves at the pace that works best for you.

DirectTVV is with you 100% of the way &  is not a broker or a middle man. TVV buys companies with its own funds.

ConfidentialTVV enables company owners to bypass an intrusive and highly public sales process in favor of collaboration and confidentiality.

PartnershipTVV is partnership-driven, perfect for owners pursuing a timely exit process or expansion-seeking investors.

Success TVV’s expertise and management assistance results in more productive, profitable and overall valuable businesses.


  













Scroll to top










Meet Our Team – TVV Capital








































 

(615) 256-8061 


 









 




































 


Learn about our team and backgrounds
Andrew W. ByrdFounder & PresidentMr. Byrd is the Founder and President of TVV Capital. A 25-year private equity veteran, Mr. Byrd has been directly responsible for leading the sourcing, financing, acquiring, operating and exiting of 11 successful Southeast-based, lower middle-market companies. Prior to founding TVV, Mr. Byrd was a Director and Executive Vice President of GenCap America (1987-94), a Nashville-based management buyout firm where he was responsible for leading the investments of four successful lower middle-market companies.
TVV Capital
Ken WeaverManaging DirectorMr. Weaver is responsible for operations growth and value creation in portfolio companies.  Prior to joining TVV, Ken spent over 30 years in a series of increasingly responsible leadership positions with Bridgestone Corporation.  His last three assignments were as President, Bridgestone North American Tire Commercial Sales, Chief Financial Officer, Bridgestone Americas and Chairman, CEO and President, Firestone Diversified Products.   Mr. Weaver earned both his bachelor’s degree in business and his masters of business administration degree from Pennsylvania State University.
TVV Capital
Jim GaittensManaging DirectorMr. Gaittens is responsible for M&A activities, including acquiring, financing,and exiting portfolio companies. Mr. Gaittens brings over 25 years of finance experience with middle-market companies. Prior to joining TVV, Mr. Gaittens had a number of roles with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch in commercial banking, where he was most recently a senior executive responsible for middle-market commercial banking in Tennessee, Mississippi and Kentucky.
TVV Capital
Charles G. “Charlie” SellSenior AdvisorMr. Sell joined TVV in 1996 as a Senior Vice President. Mr. Sell has known Mr. Byrd for over 40 years and is responsible for developing TVV’s proprietary deal origination approach, process and database. He has served as a Director on the Boards of four TVV companies. Prior to joining TVV, Mr. Sell was Director of Equity Research at Wiley Brothers-Aintree Capital LLC, a Nashville-based brokerage firm. Prior to that, he was a Vice President, Municipal Finance, at J.C. Bradford & Co., a Nashville-based investment banking firm.
TVV Capital
Andrew W. “AJ” Byrd, Jr.Managing DirectorMr. Byrd joined TVV in 2009.  He is responsible for legal, financial, and operational analysis of potential acquisitions and portfolio companies.  Mr. Byrd received his B.S. and M.Eng. degrees from Cornell University in 2002 and 2003, respectively, and his J.D. from Vanderbilt University in 2009.
TVV Capital
Jeremy WilkinsonManaging DirectorMr. Wilkinson joined TVV in 2013 and is responsible for sourcing and preliminary analysis of acquisitions. Prior to joining TVV, Jeremy spent 10 years performing senior leadership roles in sales, marketing, and global audit with Dell, Inc. Mr. Wilkinson received his B.S. degree from Middle Tennessee State University and his M.B.A. from Vanderbilt University.
TVV Capital
Ben EleyBusiness Development ManagerMr. Eley joined TVV in 2011 and is responsible for sourcing acquisitions. Ben holds a BS degree from the University of Wisconsin, Stevens Point. For 15 years prior to joining TVV, Mr. Eley raised funds for advocacy, political and non-profit organizations.
TVV Capital
Charles ForemanBusiness Development ManagerMr. Foreman joined TVV in 2011 and is responsible for sourcing acquisitions. Prior to joining TVV, Charles spent 14 years in education as a charter school teacher and principal. Mr. Foreman received his BA degree from Olivet College.
TVV Capital
Lon JohnsonBusiness Development ManagerMr. Johnson initially joined TVV in 2003, and is responsible for sourcing acquisitions.  Prior to joining TVV, Lon advised international and national businesses and non-profits.  Mr. Johnson received his B.A. degree from Arizona State University.
TVV Capital


  













Scroll to top










Contact  – TVV Capital














































 

(615) 256-8061 


 








Name*


First



Last


Email*

Phone*Message*PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 












TVV Capital
201 Fourth Avenue North
Suite 1250
Nashville, TN 37219
Tel: (615) 256-8061
Fax: (615) 256-7057



  













Scroll to top










TVV Capital – An exceptional investment firm seeking to partner with America’s finest businesses









































 

(615) 256-8061 


 









 





seeking to partner with America's finest businesses
		

An exceptional investment firm
		







Experienced private equity investment firm
		

dedicated to the lower- middle market
		







with strategic planning, management recruiting, and an exceptional growth focus
		

TVV delivers extensive support
		







TVV offers a partnership-driven process
		

for owners pursuing a timely exit process
		







TVV offers a partnership-driven process 
		

for owners seeking business-expansion investments
		







Headquartered in Nashville TN
		

One of America's fastest growing cities
		


 



An Exceptional Investment Firmseeking to partner with America’s finest businesses


Andrew W. ByrdFounder and PresidentTVV Capital
About TVV Capital
TVV Capital was founded in 1997 in Nashville, Tennessee by Andrew W. Byrd, a 25-year private equity veteran who has been responsible for leading the sourcing, financing, acquiring, operating and exiting of 14 successful, lower middle-market companies.
Today, TVV is managed by a four-member senior investment team collectively representing decades of middle-market private equity, direct investing, and investment banking experience.
TVV’s investment experience and established market presence provide the firm with an intrinsic knowledge and leadership position to identify, source and close investment opportunities that offer superior returns to our investors.


Companies


http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Ian-Conrad-Logo-for-Web.png
600
600

Jeremy Wilkinson

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/tvv-capital-logo-web1.png

Jeremy Wilkinson2015-09-14 20:09:472015-09-15 03:38:33Ian Conrad Bergan

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/DMP-Square-Logo.jpg
600
600

TVV Capital

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/tvv-capital-logo-web1.png

TVV Capital2014-08-13 21:51:492017-06-09 14:37:34Design Molded Plastics

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/critical-solutions-logo.png
400
495

TVV Capital

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/tvv-capital-logo-web1.png

TVV Capital2014-04-28 11:09:572014-08-13 22:05:00Critical Solutions International, Inc.

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/IDI_logo_dkBlue.png
400
495

TVV Capital

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/tvv-capital-logo-web1.png

TVV Capital2014-04-28 11:09:052014-08-13 22:05:22IDI

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/bigham-logo.png
400
495

TVV Capital

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/tvv-capital-logo-web1.png

TVV Capital2014-04-28 07:11:132014-08-13 22:05:39Bigham Brothers

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/big3-logo-web.jpg
600
600

TVV Capital

http://tvvcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/tvv-capital-logo-web1.png

TVV Capital2014-04-28 06:46:422015-09-14 20:11:36Big 3 Precision ProductsPreviousNext
  













Scroll to top



