 



Sears.com



















Skip Navigation




Sears home


FREE SHIPPING
 OVER $49*
FREE SHIPPING
 OVER $30*






































×












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Insider Trading - Tw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLC - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Tw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLC





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-29Other
2017-01-036:34 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Southcross Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Capital LLCHerring EdwardDownie Jason HTailwater Holdings Lp10% Owner
11,486,486
$1.48
26,492,074(Indirect)
View


2016-11-14Other
2016-11-156:56 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Southcross Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Capital LLCHerring EdwardDownie Jason HTailwater Holdings Lp10% Owner
294,226
$0
17,105,876(Indirect)
View


2016-08-10Other
2016-08-125:03 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Southcross Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Capital LLCHerring EdwardDownie Jason HTailwater Holdings Lp10% Owner
289,165
$0
16,811,648(Indirect)
View


2016-05-13Other
2016-05-174:04 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Southcross Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Capital LLCHerring EdwardDownie Jason HTailwater Holdings Lp10% Owner
359,459
$1.48
15,005,588(Indirect)
View


2016-05-09Other
2016-05-112:22 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Southcross Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Holdings LpTailwater Capital LLCDownie Jason HHerring Edward10% Owner
563,494
$0
16,522,484(Indirect)
View


2016-05-02Other
2016-05-043:34 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Southcross Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Holdings LpTailwater Capital LLCHerring EdwardDownie Jason H10% Owner
8,029,729
$1.48
14,646,129(Indirect)
View


2016-02-14Other
2016-02-175:33 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Bbts Aggregator LpBb-ii Holdco LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Holdings LpTailwater Capital LLCDownie Jason H10% Owner
279,303
$0
16,238,272(Indirect)
View


2015-11-09Other
2015-11-135:34 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Bbts Aggregator LpBb-ii Holdco LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Holdings Lp10% Owner
274,478
$0
15,958,990(Indirect)
View


2014-11-05Other
2015-08-212:03 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Bbts Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCBb-ii Holdco LpTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Holdings LpTailwater Capital LLC10% Owner
256,078
$0
15,684,512(Indirect)
View


2014-11-05Other
2015-08-212:03 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Bbts Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCBb-ii Holdco LpTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Holdings LpTailwater Capital LLC10% Owner
260,558
$0
15,684,512(Indirect)
View


2014-11-05Other
2015-08-212:03 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Bbts Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCBb-ii Holdco LpTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Holdings LpTailwater Capital LLC10% Owner
265,118
$0
15,684,512(Indirect)
View


2014-11-05Other
2015-08-212:03 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Bbts Aggregator LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCBb-ii Holdco LpTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTw Gp Holdings LLCTailwater Holdings LpTailwater Capital LLC10% Owner
269,758
$0
15,684,512(Indirect)
View


2015-05-07Other
2015-05-153:32 pm
N/AN/A
Southcross Energy Partners L.P.
SXE
Tw Bbts Aggregator LpBb-ii Holdco LpTw/lm Gp Sub LLCTailwater Energy Fund I LpTw Gp Ef-1 LpTw Gp Ef-1 Gp LLCTailwater Capital LLCHerring EdwardTailwater Holdings LpTw Gp Holdings LLC10% Owner
4,500,000
$0
6,616,400(Indirect)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 19:07:04 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Ibanez Xiphos XPT1400TW-GP Double Neck Guitar + original case | Reverb























































15% Off Boutique & Handmade SaleSave on Select Gear


Shop Sale














HomeElectric GuitarsIbanez




Ibanez Xiphos XPT1400TW-GP Double Neck Guitar + original case (rare)



Listed about 2 months ago by Graeme's Gear Emporium


Condition: Excellent


1625 Views

















































































Description


Shop Policies






Rare Ibanez XPT-1400 double neck. Limited edition, I think they only made 50 of these. 
Near mint condition, No chips, cracks, or dents. The only flaw I can find is one almost invisible scuff on the end of one horn. I've shown that in the last picture.
Owned from new by collector, these don't come up for sale in this condition very often, no play wear.
Postage from the UK .. please ignore the shipping costs shown and contact me for an exact quote with your postal code if you're interested.
Happy to send more pictures on request. If you are in the USA (or outside the EU) this guitar will need a CITES pre-convention permit since the fretboards are rosewood. I should be able to obtain a permit in around 4 weeks. The permit will be for a specific importation between two individuals so cannot be obtained in advance. Please allow time for me to obtain the relevant paperwork before shipping.
For purchases within Europe a permit is not necessary.


Specification : 
5pc Maple/Walnut neck-thru w/TITANIUM Reinforcement



Mahogany body



Jumbo frets



Color : GP (Gray Pewter)



Case included


7 String
Neck Type : Wizard II-7



Gibraltar Custom-7 bridge



DiMarzio® D Activator-7 (H) neck pu



DiMarzio® D Activator-7 (H) bridge pu



Scale: 685.8mm/ 27”



Control : 1 Volume w/ PU Selector



String Gauge : .010/.013/.017/.026/.036/.046/.054



Factory Tuning : 1E,2B,3G,4D,5A,6E,7B


6 String
Neck Type : Wizard II



Edge III bridge



DiMarzio® D-Activator (H) neck pu



DiMarzio® D-Activator (H) bridge pu



Scale : 648mm/ 25.5”



Control : 1 Volume, 1 Tone w/ PU Selector



String Gauge : .009/.011/.016/.024/.032/.042



Factory Tuning : 1E,2B,3G,4D,5A,6E





Product Specs

Condition:


Excellent

Make:

Ibanez

Model:
Xiphos XPT1400TW-GP Double Neck Guitar
Finish:
Grey Pewter
Year:
2010
Made In:
Indonesia





About The Seller

Graeme's Gear Emporium

Joined Reverb: May 17, 2015

York, United Kingdom








QuickResponder





Accepted Payment Methods

PayPal



Shipping Policy

Available for local pickup
from York, NYK, GB

Ships from York, NYK, GB to:


United States


$300.00


United Kingdom


$100.00


European Union


$200.00


Everywhere Else


$300.00


I will ship with tracking to the listed regions. To negotiate shipping rates to other locations, please send me a message.


Tax Policy
This seller doesn't charge tax on their sales.


Return Policy

Return Window
This product can be returned within 7 days of receipt.


General Terms
Items must be returned in original, as-shipped condition with all original packaging and no signs of use. Buyer assumes responsibility for all return shipping costs unless the item was not received as described.


Refunds
Buyer receives a full refund in their original payment method less any shipping charges.

































Only 1 available




$1,550

+
$300 Shipping




Add to Cart








46 Watchers













 Wish List
 Wish List

Added to your Wish List






Accepted Payment Methods







Pay securely with PayPal







Graeme's Gear Emporium







York, United Kingdom

Joined: May 17, 2015


Seller Achievements






 Contact Seller


Add to My Feed





Please confirm your email before sending messages.


Tip for Buyers: Deals completed off of Reverb do not qualify for Reverb Protection












































Oops, looks like you forgot something. Please check the fields highlighted in red.


















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          















GpTech LLC - Racing
















GpTech LLC
 








HomeProducts

GP TechThumbrakesHandbrakesFairing BracketsLeversGP Tech Lever ProtectorSeat FoamStandsVideo Camera MountsReservoir BandsAP RacingBrakesActiveLeversThrottlesGalespeedWheelsValterMotoRearsetsClipons
RacingNewsDownload

GP Tech CatalogValterMoto CatalogMotionPro Catalog
Contact
 


Skip to content
 























				In News		





RacingIndy Moto 2Indianapolis Motor SpeedwayMoto GP WorldChampionship9th PlaceClass: Moto 2
Date: Aug 29th 2010
Chassis: FTR M210Team GPtechRider: Jason Disalvo
Crew Chief: Al Ludington
Suspension: Mike Fitzgerald
Data: Amauri Nunes
Head mechanic: Jayson Lubben
Manager, Owner: Geoff Maloney AMERICAN STANDOUT DISALVO TO RIDE Moto2 WILD-CARD ENTRY AT INDY

INDIANAPOLIS, Friday, Aug. 13, 2010 – American rider Jason DiSalvo will compete in the Moto2 class at the Red Bull Indianapolis GP on Aug. 27-29 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway as a wild-card entry.

DiSalvo, 26, from Stafford, N.Y., will ride an FTR M210 backed by GP Tech in Moto2, which features motorcycles with 600cc Honda engines and Dunlop tires. Former racer Geoff Maloney is managing the team.

Three American riders will compete in the Moto2 race: DiSalvo, Roger Lee Hayden on a wild-card Team Honda/Moriwaki entry managed by 1993 500cc World Champion Kevin Schwantz and full-time Jack & Jones by Antonio Banderas rider Kenny Noyes.

“It’s amazing what Geoff Maloney and the GP Tech team have accomplished in getting everything prepared in such little time, as the help from various people and organizations around the U.S. has been tremendous,” DiSalvo said. “I’m excited about being on Indy for the first time and hope to get up to speed fast on the FTR chassis and have a good result come Race Day.”Excerpts from “thrown to the wolves”:
THROWN TO THE WOLVES: A TALE OF TWO MOTO 2 TEAMS AT INDY
by dean adams
Wednesday, September 01, 2010
Longtime rivals Jason DiSalvo and Roger Lee Hayden raced their first Moto2 event at Indianapolis this past weekend. DiSalvo finished ninth in the race and considered it a small victory and success. "It was a dream-come-true race," he said, "because I was less than thrilled with my qualifying. I thought it was going to be more of a nightmare, starting from back in 26th."
Both veteran riders said that the Moto2 start was more WWF-style wrestling than motorcycle racing.
DiSalvo commented, "The start was a surreal experience. I don't know that I ever want to have to go through that again. I was actually pretty mortified that I had to go through it twice in one race. With 40 guys in the grid, it's really like someone pulled the pin on a grenade and threw it in the middle of the pack. When everything tightened up into Turn Two it was just survival, at that point. My first start was kind of like not so good, and so having it done, to having it to do over again, I wasn't thrilled about it. But in the end, I think it worked out the best, because we were sitting in a little bit better position. I was, maybe, a little bit more calm the second time around."
Both DiSalvo and Hayden have raced dirt track previously and, seemingly, a good comparison for a Moto2 start is the Last Chance Qualifier at a short track, right?
"Not even comparable," DiSalvo said, "because it would be like...think about this, too: How many guys start a dirt track race? Like 20, maximum? Eighteen? And that's intense. That's intense and amazing, and it's a great sensation. There's bumping around and stuff like that. But you don't worry about 40 other guys piling into you if you hit the deck, though. Man, it was so nerve-wracking. But the whole weekend, though, was just amazing. Except Turn 1 was a little nuts, that's for sure."

For DiSalvo, that he survived the re-start on two wheels was an important part to his finishing well. "I just tried to stay steady and fast and just do the best I could, and it worked out kind of like how I thought it would at the beginning," the former World Supersport rider said, "because everyone's so tight in this class. Everyone just sort of stacked up in a train. I had been saying from the beginning, my plan was just get through the beginning safe, and then try to pick guys off one at a time. I knew I had the speed. I knew the bike was strong. On some of the corner exits, particularly the last corner, I knew we could get out of there really, really well, and that's where I made a lot of draft-pass moves on the straightaway, in going into Turn 1. So everything just worked out. I was really, really happy to be able to get that good of a result. Especially coming from back in the grid. So next time, we'll try to qualify a little bit better and then see if we can't make it interesting at the front."FROM Motogp.com
The American scored a highly impressive ninth place in the Moto2 race on Sunday and would welcome the chance to ride full time next season.
DiSalvo reviews impressive Indy wild card result
The American presence on the Moto2 grid at the Red Bull Indianapolis Grand Prix was trebled on Sunday as joining regular rider Kenny Noyes was the well publicised wild card Roger Lee Hayden and another one-off entrant: Jason DiSalvo.
It was the 26 year-old from New York state who scored the best result of the three, riding to a notable ninth place in the race on board his FTR chassis of the GP Tech team.
“This has been a dream weekend for us,” said DiSalvo. “Everybody working on the bike did a fantastic job and I cannot thank them enough. It shows their quality that we only had this bike for about a week before the race, they’re unbelievable.”
DiSalvo, who started from 26th on the grid, continued: “When the other guys were sliding about a bit our bike seemed to get better. Sliding really suited my style and I was able to pick guys off and work my way up. I can’t put into words what a great weekend it’s been.”
Giving his assessment of the new intermediate 600cc class, DiSalvo added: “It’s an incredibly high level of racing. It’s difficult with so many riders, there may be guys who finish far back who have so much talent. With 40 guys on the track it’s chaos sometimes!”
After his standout result it is likely that DiSalvo could be the recipient of the attention of some teams for the 2011 season, and he would be keen on a full-time ride in the World Championship.
“For the right team I think it’d be a wonderful opportunity,” he said. “For next year I’m keeping my options open. This is my only race for this year, we don’t have a full-time ride or anything, so it’s back to practicing my golf game for now!”Related Stories
http://www.roadracingworld.com/news/article/?article=41204

http://www.motogp.com/en/news/2010/di+salvo+happy+after+indy

http://automotive.speedtv.com/article/moto2-disalvo-impresses-with-gp-tech-and-oehlins-usa/Roadracing World magazine – Jan.2011 – available online www.roadracingworld.com
    Page 48-49 “How to go GP RACING for less than $10,000”
    Page 42 GPtech thank you ad

Moto 2 info
www.fim-live.com

Year End Wrap Up
http://superbikeplanet.com/2010/Nov/101108b.htm
Jason Disalvo 32nd standing in year end points (with one race)A BIG THANK YOU to all of our sponsors and each and every one involved in making our race weekend a success!

In the true spirit of GP racing our sponsors went above and beyond to make this possible.  With little notice, limited info, and under unrealistic time demands, each company showed a level of commitment that was as focused and determined as each team member.

The parts, spares, supplies and tech support needed for operating the bike were accompanied with extensive knowledge and experience.
 
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to showcase what can be done with a well-organized effort against the best racers and teams in the world.

It was an honor and dream to represent the USA at a Moto GP World Championship race weekend.
Sponsor support

Below is a list of the companies involved and what products and/or service each offers.  GPtech encourages the use of these products and services for your own personal race program.

FTR – www.ftrmoto.com M210 chassis

The bike was so good we were literally able to pull it out of the crate with minimal prep work and have running on pace with very little track time.  Full factory tech support was simply an email or call away.  A well-rounded chassis with plenty of adjustment, it was refreshing working on such a well designed motorcycle.  Quality and performance is second to none.

Fogi Racing – www.fogi.us FTR chassis
Fogi is the owner of the bike used at Indy.  Devoted to getting riders from US involved in racing at an international level – developing riders for a career in roadracing.  Involved in USGPRU and Spanish championships.
 
Dunlop – http://www.dunlopmotorcycle.com Tires and Tech support
Dunlop US provided the service and tech support to help with the progression from testing to race day.  The tires available for testing were close to the size and shape of the spec race tires but also varied in construction.

Ohlins – www.ohlinsusa.com Service, spares, and tech support
The latest spec Moto 2 Ohlins products are fitted to the M210 chassis.  Mike Fitzgerald (Thermosman) was in attendance for the Indy test and race with enough spares and knowledge to tame all suspension problems.   

M4 – www.m4exhaust.com Silencer
The silencer is a one off design, made within one day.  Manufactured and designed from digital photos of a similar canister next to a ruler, sent via email.  Prototyping was taken to a new level – the part fit well right out of the box, looked great, with good sound, and ample power.

Motion Pro – www.motionpro.com tools, chairs, throttle, hose clamps, gloves
True quality products made our days more comfortable.  Fantastic hand tools, comfortable chairs, and the quick turn throttle fit well. The stepless hose clamp set was very handy with a clean fitment – truly a better alternative to conventional hose clamps.  The tools we used were comfortable to use with a good positive fit on any nut or bolt.

RoadRacing World – www.roadracingworld.com Indy test
Provided insurance enabling the team to test at Indy for 1.5 hours each day for two evenings of practice before the race weekend.  RW was the first to report GPtech was importing the FTR chassis and first to report announcement for competition at Indy.  A fantastic place to find the best roadracing related info.

Riders Discount – www.ridersdiscount.com Renthal sprockets, battery, worktable, Motion Pro hose clamp set, Chicken Hawk tire warmers
RD came through when it counted.  They were available from the beginning test at Gingerman Raceway (Mi).  They know their product line and can help with last minute odd requests.  Parts were available at track delivery the next day, everything in stock with top notch service.  A perfect place to locate those hard to find items.
 
Galfer – www.galferusa.com Accossato master cylinder
Accossato master cylinders are available with or without breakaway lever.  19x20 radial pump provides plenty of power and feel.

Stomp grip – www.stompdesign.com tank grip support
Delivered at track, perfect shape and fit, durable design, cut to fit exactly where the rider needed grip most.

Peak Powersports – www.peakhonda.com HRC download cable
The cable is required to download info from dash or change mapping.  Peak was able to find the cable no one else could and were nice enough to loan one for a couple weeks.

Tape Works – www.tapeworks.com graphics
TW made it easy to showcase the people who helped with the project  - fantastic design, easy to apply, and very durable graphics.  The stars were indestructible and the graphics within each star was detailed and well worth it  - something we did not think possible until Tapeworks made it so.

Active – www.acv.co.jp breakaway brake lever
Lever fits Brembo and Accusato master cylinders, breakaway upward and downward, shorty lever available.

Speedymoto – www.speedymoto.com clip-ons
SM made it a priority and machined a custom set of clip-ons to a 51mm bore.  The clip-ons feature a two piece clamp design.  The bars offer variable angle simply by rotating in the holder.

Painter’s Supply & Equipment Co. – www.painterssupply.com PPG paint and supplies
The latest in eco friendly paint made the bike look great.  High Performance, Waterborne Paint System.  Headquartered in Taylor, Mich. PSE is one of the largest PPG Platinum distributors in the US, operating 20 stores in Michigan and Ohio. Since 1952, PSE has been supplying the automotive, industrial, fleet and architectural industries with the highest quality paint and related products and services available.
 
Dyer Auto Body – 269-342-9049 (MI) paint work
Dyer did a great job painting three sets of bodywork with no extra time to spare.  Dyer extended their hours to allow Jason to paint through the night, while Eric and Lisa lent a helping hand in prep work and supplies – going the extra mile to meet testing and race deadlines.

Veloce Racing –
The espresso shots were just what were needed – The trick gas tank drum tool came in handy.

Double Dog Moto – www.doubledogmoto.com carbon parts
Devoted to making future parts for FTR chassis – carbon manufactured parts are true quality.  Innovative monocoque tail sections give better feedback while at the same time reducing weight.

Motoheaven – www.moto-heaven.com Thrust sprockets, chains
Manufactured plenty of gearing and provided chains for testing and race weekend.  MH knows the racing business just as well as the street and stunting markets.  Great source for performance parts for all makes and model bikes.  Knowledgeable staff with technical expertise.
 
Poleposition Travel –www.polepositiontravel.com travel
Good source for travel arrangements to GP races.

Indy Superbikes – www.indysuperbikes.com tire warmers, gas tank vent
Had a few extra parts needed while testing at Indy.  Convenient location with good service.  Plenty of go fast bits available in stock.

Hotbodies – www.hotbodiesracing.com windscreens
Two different shapes were sent directly to the track.  The company is producing bodywork for street going CBR600’s, replicating the design of the FTR Moto 2 bodywork.

Valtermoto – www.valtermoto.com tire cart
Keeps spare wheels and warmers organized and efficient to use- great tool trays and design.

Shock Doctor– www.shockdoctor.com dryer equipment, gear bags

SD makes dryers for helmet, gloves, and leathers.  Gear can be heated, deodorized and sanitized – the equipment worked flawlessly, making each track outing that much more comfortable for the rider.  The gear bags are well thought out with plenty of pockets.  Good source for safety devices and protection products for the rider.

Arai – www.araiamericas.com helmet
Jason’s personal choice for a helmet.

EZ Photo Books – www.ezphotobooks.com photo books and calendars
Commemorate events and memories using your own personal photos

Censport Graphics – www.censportgfx.com graphics
Jason’s great looking helmet graphics.
           
Heroic – www.heroicracing.com leathers
Jason’s personal choice for leathers.

Gilmore Car Museum – www.gilmorecarmuseum.org
Diverse shows and extensive collection.  The annual Vintage Motorcycle show in June is a must see.

GB Racing – www.northtexassuperbikes.com case covers
NT had the covers shipped directly to the track in order to make last minute deadlines.  A few shapes made it easy on the team to switch from Moto 2 spec engine to test engine.  GB covers meet FIM regulations, innovative design, and mounts over existing oem cover, made of durable plastic, no gaskets no fuss – easy to install and remove.

Chicken Hawk – www.chickenhawkracing.com tire warmers
Warmers with adjustable heat range, durable design, easy to use, reliable.  CH has a rental program in place along with competitive, fair pricing.

Liquid Performance – www.liquidperformance.com additives
Full line of fluids for motorcycles, radiator fluid meets AMA requirements.

iCueSolutions – www.icuesolutions.com web services
Riders creating web page for riders and teams – great look and design vision.

© Copyright 1999 - 2012 GP Tech LLC, All rights reserved.
 












Contact


GPTech LLC
Quality Performance Design
Geoff Maloney
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 
www.gptechllc.comp. 269.671.4915
f. 269.671.4916

























 
 








 


 





 


 





 


 





 


 





 


 





 


 





 


 





 


 





 


 








 









You are here: Home  Racing


Top


Skip to content
 












Copyright © 1999 - 2012 GpTechLLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Design by iCueSolutions. 
Powered By T3





Contact us


GP Tech LLC
Geoff Maloney
Tel: 269.671.4915
Fax: 269.671.4916
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 
www.gptechllc.com





Connect with us


FacebookFollow us on TwitterRSS Feed





Importer and Distributor for


ActiveAP RacingFabrication TechniquesFTR MotoGalespeedGalferGoodridgeValter Moto




 










Powered By T3 Framework
 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Edwards (EST) 757-1A-TW | ID NAME TAGS






























800.430.6013





Home
Account
Open a session
















0

                                                 Product
                                        









My Cart
                            
                            -
Quick Order






























Home


Products




FIRE


FIRE




FIRE ALARM CONTROL PANELS (FACP)
DETECTION DEVICES
INITIATION
NOTIFICATION
MODULES
SUPPRESSION
VOICE EVACUATION
DOOR HOLDERS
ENCLOSURES
ACCESSORIES








SECURITY


SECURITY




ACCESS CONTROL
VIDEO SURVEILLANCE
INTRUSION DETECTION








COMMUNICATION


COMMUNICATION




AMPLIFIERS
ACCESSORIES
ADMINISTRATIVE SYSTEMS
CLOCK SYSTEMS
INTERCOM SYSTEMS
MISCELLANEOUS
MOUNTING
NURSE CALLS
PANELS
VOICE RECORDERS
KITS








ENERGY MANAGEMENT






Brands


Overstock Parts


Company


Contact Us


Return to ISA-net.com













 0 





























Home>Products>SECURITY>ACCESS CONTROL>CREDENTIALS>ID NAME TAGS













Press and move to zoom


Mouse over image to zoom










Edwards (EST) 757-1A-TW | ID NAME TAGS
Product code : EST-757-1A-TW-RC

ISA CERTIFIED - TEMPORAL HORN, SELF-SYNCHRONIZED - 24 VDC, WHITE





Be the first to write a review for this product











×
Tell a Friend












Code
Part Type

Quantity available                      /                      Availability                          
Quantity
Price




EST-757-1A-TW-RC

                                ISA CERTIFIED
                              

0                        /                        Call For Availability                                                    

 
One                          



$36.32 /One
                                        




EST-757-1A-TW-RP

                                REPAIR
                              

0                        /                        Call For Availability                                                    

 
One                          



$36.32 /One
                                        




EST-757-1A-TW-S

                                AS IS
                              

0                        /                        Call For Availability                                                    





Contact us for pricing





EST-757-1A-TW

                                NEW
                              

0                        /                        Call For Availability                                                    

 
One                          



$46.69 /One
                                        





Add to my shopping cart









                                Product review(s)
                            








            Average rating: 
            


                Rate this product: 
                








Be the first to write a review for this product














 

















































	Job Search Georgia-Pacific





















Login: BUSINESS PARTNERS or EMPLOYEES













































Careers







We are Georgia-Pacific
We're more than consumer products and paper. From the plywood in your home's construction to the boxes in your grocery store, the paper towel dispensers in your hotel to the cellulose in your children's diapers, GP products are part of your everyday life. But it wouldn't be possible to do what we do without the hard work of GP employees all over the country.


Watch Video       Search For GP Careers Here

























Back to Top













Home









































Shop All Products























We want you to love coming home!

Shop All Products










that use super-charged Fizzion CO2 molecules that are scientifically proven to get out the toughest stains on a tremendous variety of surfaces with immediate, amazing, and non-corrosive results!
Jennifer Adams Whole House Cleaning Products are non-toxic super cleaners











IN the kitchen, bath or laundry


Counters, appliances, stovetops, stainless steel, sinks, faucets, high chairs, place mats, chairs, cabinets, floor spills, door handles, pet feeding areas, toilets, tubs, showers, and other hard surfaces.










Hard or resilient Flooring


Jennifer Adams Cleaner works great on Wood, linoleum, vinyl, tile and stone.












Fabric, Upholstery and
carpet


Including fabric table cloths, clothing, cushions, bedding, decorative throw pillows, area rugs and more.









"I got my start in business as a teenager, cleaning houses with my sister. If we had my Whole House Cleaning Solution products back then, our lives would have been so much easier!” - Jennifer ADAMS





Order Now
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Order Safe



About Us   |   MSDS Sheets


Copyright © 2017 Kegel, LLC Powered By MOJO





fb
tw
yt
gp
pin
ins



























	404





















Login: BUSINESS PARTNERS or EMPLOYEES



















































Page Not Found









Careers


About Georgia-Pacific

Sustainability




Products Overview


Newsroom


Contact Us




Our Locations


Building Products


Chemicals




GP Packaging


Education in Nature
Veterans Photo Gallery












Back to Top



























	Georgia-Pacific





















Login: BUSINESS PARTNERS or EMPLOYEES









































            MAKING LIFE’S SIMPLE NECESSITIES®





As part of #GPSafetyMonth, Chris Brown, Environmental Health and Safety Manager in Lexington, Kentucky, shares his take on the psychology of safety.
  Read More

Georgia-Pacific invests more than $400 million in its Palatka, Florida, mill to grow its consumer tissue and towel business.  Read More

For June safety month, Health and Safety Manager Julie Stout from our Philomath, Ore., mill shares her views on why safety matters. #GPSafetyMonth   Read More

Safety at work means getting home to those who matter most. In June, we'll be highlighting employees and their view on why safety matters. #GPSafetyMonth  Read More

Brewton mill completes $388 million energy improvement project, invests another $50 million for product improvements.  Read More





























News








Products








Join GP









BRANDS











Back to Top
















Georgia Pacific Product Catalog





































































Loading...
Could not load menu

Categories
Close





 Search for Products


 



 Filter

All Products
Commercial Only
Foodservice Only

 









EcoSmart™ CatalogCross ReferenceFind DistributorsShare PageManage ListseStore



Shortcuts




Catalog Home






Select all items
Unselect items
Add selected


Updating list...


Current List







---







Manage



Share



PDF



Product



Add



Image Download




Enter Product skus to add.






(e.g., 13102,32295)



























Paper Towels & Dispensers






















Tissues & Dispensers






















Skin Care & Dispensers






















Air Care & Dispensers






















Wipers & Dispensers






















Consumer / Retail






















Office Paper






















Cups, Lids, & Straws






















Cutlery & Dispensers






















Paper Napkins & Dispensers






















Plates, Platters, & Bowls






















Plastic Souffle Portion Cups






















Cartons, Containers, Bags & Trays






















Sandwich, Deli, Meat, & Bakery Papers






















Club






















Dispenser Keys, Parts, & Accessories






















Brochures & Sell Sheets







Attention

You are about to add entire categories that contain multiple products to your list.
Are you sure you want to do this?

Add items
Cancel






Got it, do not show this message again.








 












































Opt In to the New 90-Day Game Plan Training! | IsaFYI.com






















































 
IsaFYI Feedblitz








Get connected and receive daily updates.


 
 
North America
North America - Spanish
Australia/New Zealand
Mexico
Colombia
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Malaysia
Singapore
Indonesia
United Kingdom


 Español Clic Aqui






 




90-Day Game Plan Featured Posts




									    	The 90-Day Game Plan Begins August 22! Are You Registered? (VIDEO)



									    	Check Out the December Million Dollar Challenge Prizes!



									    	Get a Jump-Start on the Million Dollar Challenge With This Promotion!



									    	Tool in the Spotlight: 90-Day Game Plan Workbook






Opt In to the New 90-Day Game Plan Training!






This 90-Day Game Plan training is unlike any other. You will be equipped with the best Isagenix business-building tools, guided with best practices for success, and given a weekly plan of action. This 90-Day Game Plan is designed to help you get “Your Vision in Action!”
To participate in the 90-Day Game Plan training that begins August 22, 2016, simply log in to your Back Office, hover over “Training Center,” and click the 90-Day Game Plan icon to opt in. By doing so, you’ll receive an email and IsaPulse™ reminder every Monday morning through November 20, 2016 to help keep you on track with completing your weekly activities.








								Wednesday, March 1, 2017							
Customer First Zoom Call Training


 Customer First is the biggest initiative in Isagenix history and was designed with you, our Associates, in mind, to expand and protect the Isagenix opportunity with no-compromise, responsible business practices. To ensure all of your questions are answered before our official launch on March 27, 2017, join members of the Executive Leadership Team on one of the weekly Zoom calls. Continue reading →






								Monday, November 7, 2016							
Special Challenge Week Promotion – Free Membership!


 It’s a great week to help someone new get started with our incredible Solutions to Transform Lives™. This week’s free membership promotion is a great way to save on achieving their health and wellness goals. Isagenix challenges you to encourage the people sitting on the sidelines to take action! Utilize this Challenge Week promotion. Continue reading →






								Monday, October 24, 2016							
This Special Challenge Week Promotion Can Energize Your Business!


 Building a business can be intimidating, especially if you’re new to the idea and are looking to establish residual income. As someone who is currently building a business, be sure to mention our easy, duplicable process with those who are interested. This week, Isagenix challenges you to share the success behind our life-changing products. Continue reading →






								Monday, October 3, 2016							
New Challenge Week Promotion: Free Ground Shipping!


 This week, Isagenix challenges you to raise the bar, push past boundaries, and share Isagenix with as many people as possible. This Challenge Week’s promotion will help drive excitement and make sharing Isagenix easier with FREE* ground shipping. Learn how you can utilize this promotion, and read the rest of the details here. Continue reading →






								Monday, September 19, 2016							
An Updated Special Challenge Week Promotion: Free Membership!


 Whether you are building a business with Isagenix or aren’t sure if you’re quite ready to get sharing, this week is the perfect time to welcome your friends and family to get onboard with our systems and products. Help them commit to achieving their health, fitness, and nutritional goals. Accept the challenge this week! Continue reading →






								Monday, September 5, 2016							
Tool in the Spotlight: The 90-Day Game Plan Workbook!


 Introducing the Tool in the Spotlight: The 90-Day Game Plan workbook! Receive 20 percent off the brand-new 90-Day Game Plan workbook now through the end of September with the promotion code “90DGP”! This updated tool is packed full of Isagenix business-building wisdom and tips from the 2016 “One Team” Celebration trainers themselves. Continue reading →







A Special Challenge Week Promotion: New Member Discount


 Isagenix challenges you this week to share Isagenix with more people than ever before! For this week only, new Members who join Isagenix from September 5 through September 11, 2016, will receive 10 percent off* their entire order when they purchase an initial order of 164 BV or more! Don’t miss out. Continue reading →






								Friday, August 19, 2016							
The 90-Day Game Plan Begins August 22! Are You Registered? (VIDEO)


 Today marks the launch of the brand-new 90-Day Game Plan! Celebration attendees used the new 90-Day Game Plan workbook to interact with others and to take notes during breakout sessions. Even if you did not get the opportunity to join us at 2016 “One Team” Celebration in Las Vegas, you still have the opportunity to utilize this amazing tool! Continue reading →






								Wednesday, August 17, 2016							
Check Out the New and Updated Sales Tools Unveiled at 2016 Celebration


 Isagenix is growing by leaps and bounds—and so are our sales tools! Check out these exciting, new, and updated sales tools just released at 2016 “One Team” Celebration! Join us in the 90-Day Game Plan, read Transformed Lives magazine, and utilize the 2016 Summer Product Catalog, New Member Order Form, product brochures, and more! Continue reading →






								Monday, April 25, 2016							
Celebrate Success Week Starts Now!


 You’ve made it through 90 days of hard work and business building. Starting today, it’s time to celebrate! Did you reach your goal or maybe even exceed it? Even if you didn’t accomplish everything you wanted, you should celebrate all of your achievements.  Be proud that you took steps toward growing your business. Continue reading →









 
Search


 

 









Business Building Promotions

The ChampionSHIP Challenge
Crystal Reset
Healthy Mind & Body
Daily Pay
Director Leadership Pool
Double PIBs
Team Builders Club
Executive Leadership Pool
Holiday Bonus Pool
Leader in Action
Rank Advancement Bonuses
President’s Quest 2017
Platinum Pools

 
 
 



















