   Company Profile | Charter Communications Newsroom            Company ProfileLearn about Charter and its business units. About Charter Company History Quality Products and Services Connecting with Communities 26,000,000Charter customers 41States Charter serves 91,000Charter employeesAbout CharterCharter Communications (NASDAQ: CHTR) is America’s fastest growing TV, internet and voice company. We’re committed to integrating the highest quality service with superior entertainment and communications products. Charter is at the intersection of technology and entertainment, facilitating essential communications that connect more than 26 million residential and business customers in 41 states. Our commitment to serving customers and exceeding their expectations is the bedrock of Charter’s business strategy and it’s the philosophy that guides our 91,000 employees.Company HistoryCharter is currently the second largest cable provider in the United States. The company has achieved growth through innovation and acquisitions of cable properties, most recently completing transactions with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks.The Charter name comes from the founding of Charter Communications, Inc. in 1993 and, while the company has grown and evolved on many levels over the past two decades, our roots take us all the way back to the early days of cable. What started as mom-and-pop businesses with cable strung from hilltops to homes in the late 1940s has evolved into the dynamic cable industry we know today. 1948First cable systems are founded  1951The National Cable & Telecommunications Association (NCTA), the principal trade association for the U.S. cable industry, is founded  1964Newhouse begins operating cable systems with the purchase of its first system in Alabama, branding it NewChannels  1973Warner Communications forms Warner Cable  1979Newhouse forms second cable company, MetroVision, in partnership with former Cox executives  1981Newhouse adds Vision Cable to cable assets  1989Time Warner Inc. forms through merger of Warner Communications and Time Inc.  1992Warner Cable and American Television & Communications (ATC) combine to form Time Warner Cable  1993Charter Communications, Inc. is founded and acquisitions of cable systems across the country begin  1994Time Warner Entertainment and Advance/Newhouse form cable partnership  1998Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen buys a controlling interest in Charter  1999Charter begins trading publicly on the NASDAQ stock exchange under symbol CHTR  2001Charter earns spot on Fortune 500  2003Advance/Newhouse begins operating Bright House Networks with approximately 2.2 million customers in Alabama, California, Florida, Indiana and Michigan  2007Time Warner Cable begins trading publicly on the NYSE  2009Charter completes financial restructuring under chapter 11, emerging as a stronger company under new equity ownershipTime Warner Cable separates from Time Warner Inc.  2012Thomas M. Rutledge is appointed President & CEO of Charter  2013Charter gains Liberty Media as an investor and announces Spectrum brand  2016Charter, Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks combine to form larger, stronger Charter Quality Products and ServicesSuperior, reliable, consistent services that deliver value – that’s our focus. Over the years, Charter has invested billions of dollars in infrastructure improvements, unleashing the power of an advanced, two-way, fully interactive fiber network. By moving to this all-digital network, today’s Charter customers enjoy the most HD TV channels, more On Demand choices and the fastest internet speeds.Charter delivers a wide range of TV, internet and voice services to residential and business customers through the Spectrum brand.Spectrum TV offers more HD than any other provider, DVR service and instant access to thousands of On Demand choices, many in HD. Watch live TV anywhere in the home or download movies and shows to go on mobile devices with the Spectrum TV App or take TV Everywhere with over 60 channel apps to watch on the go.Spectrum Internet provides the fastest Internet speeds available starting at 60 Mbps (100 Mbps in some markets). With Spectrum Internet, customers can simultaneously stream videos, download music and more without sacrificing performance. Charter provides free modems and the fastest, most powerful in-home WiFi to do more on more devices. And because Charter doesn’t limit internet with data caps or extra fees, customers always have the freedom of unlimited internet service.Spectrum Voice is a fully featured, reliable service with unlimited local and long-distance calling plans that include voicemail and other popular calling features like call waiting and call forwarding, plus free 411. Serving approximately 10 million voice customers, Charter is among the largest providers of residential phone service in the nation.Spectrum Business helps small businesses achieve better results by delivering reliable Internet, Ethernet, voice and enhancement solutions. Spectrum Business customers enjoy a wide range of products – from high-quality broadband services to phone systems and top-tier digital TV and music – all flexible to meet the demands of growing businesses.Spectrum Enterprise builds business-to-business solutions with a people-to-people focus, providing the bandwidth and support customers need to accelerate business. Charter’s largest customers enjoy enterprise-grade voice, video, data, network, cloud and managed services via a flexible and secure fiber-based network.Spectrum Community Solutions provide customized, managed WiFi, TV and voice services to residential apartments and other multi-dwelling units via fiber connections. Spectrum Fiber WiFi delivers the fastest, most powerful connection with more bandwidth and no data caps.Spectrum Reach, the advertising sales division of Charter, offers traditional commercial advertising and new interactive solutions for the modern media landscape. Spectrum Reach offers promotional solutions through national cable networks, internet advertising, mobile marketing and events supported by marketing, research and creative services teams.Connecting with CommunitiesCharter is committed to improving communities and impacting lives where our customers and employees live, work and play.Through our national philanthropic initiative, Spectrum Housing Assist, Charter partners with nonprofit organizations to make homes safer and healthier. We engage employees and community volunteers in order to facilitate these crucial home repairs, with the goal of improving 25,000 homes by the year 2020.To learn more about Spectrum Housing Assist and our other philanthropic efforts, please visit responsibility.spectrum.com. © 2017 Charter CommunicationsTerms of ServicePrivacyPolicyInvestor RelationsContacts 


Time Warner Cable Integrates Robocall-Blocker Into Telephone Service – Consumerist
 






























































 Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network
administrator.
 









Donate
 Feed
 Facebook
 Twitter














Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email






 


					stop the madness				



 shares
	
Tell a friend:Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)  

 
Time Warner Cable Integrates Robocall-Blocker Into Telephone Service
By Chris Morran@themorrancave January 14, 2016 TWC has updated its VoiceZone site to include the option of turning Nomorobo on or off with a click.While traditional phone companies have been reluctant to integrate available call-blocking technology to help consumers avoid unwanted “robocalls,” some six million Time Warner Cable customers will now be able to turn on a free feature that can cut down on these telephonic annoyances.
Nomorobo was initially cooked up as an entrant into the Federal Trade Commission’s first contest to see who could create the best robocall-blocking device. It won, and since then the service has been available for free to use by anyone with cable phone service (VoIP). 
It’s a filter — no device needed — that uses a “blacklist” of phone numbers that have been reported to the FTC as Do Not Call violators, combined with other numbers that consumers have indicated are connected to robocallers.
When someone calls a number using Nomorobo, the service takes advantage of the VoIP technology to allow your home phone to ring at the same time as the call connects to the Nomorobo servers. If the service IDs the incoming number as a robocaller, it ends the call after one ring. 
The service was one of several robocall-blockers recently tested in the real world by Consumer Reports readers, and it received high marks, with 85% of testers giving it at least 4 out of 5 points. 
However, to use Nomorobo, you not only need VoIP service, you have to set it up yourself. You also have to be aware of the fact that it even exists.
To that end, Time Warner Cable announced today that it is integrating Nomorobo as a free option for its phone customers, and that they can switch the feature on and off via their online settings menu.
TWC customers who sign into their VoiceZone accounts, just have to click on “settings” tab, then “call privacy,” where they will see the tab for Nomorobo. 
Our colleagues at Consumers Union have already gathered more than 500,000 signatures on a petition calling for traditional phone companies to make services — whether it’s Nomorobo or something similar — available for free to customers. 
“We’re pleased that Time Warner Cable is improving their customers’ access to these types of tools,” says Maureen Mahoney, Policy Analyst at Consumers Union. “It’s time for the top phone companies, including AT&T, Verizon, and CenturyLink, to take more responsibility for the robocall problem and immediately offer all of their customers effective call-blocking technology for free.”
Tell a friend:Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Tagged With: stop the madness, robocalls, time warner cable, nomorobo, consumers union, telemarketing

Related



hangin' on the telephone



Phone Companies Can Filter Out Robocalls, They Just Aren’t Doing It




a lotta ins... a lotta outs... a lotta what-have-yous



14 Excuses AT&T Gave Customers For Not Blocking Robocalls




dispatches from the death star



AT&T CEO Says He Can’t Deploy Robocall Blockers Without FCC Approval. He’s Wrong




let's try this again



Anti-Robocall “ROBOCOP Act” Gets New Life In Senate




just say no to robo



Hundreds Of Thousands Of Consumers Call On AT&T To Help End Robocalls


 

Previous 
					The 3 Biggest Banks Extracted $6 Billion In ATM And Overdraft Fees From Us Last Year				



Next 
					Regulators Move To Ease Restrictions For Self-Driving Cars				

 

 

Trending


get out of jail freeHouse Votes To Strip Bank & Credit Card Customers Of Constitutional Right To A Day In Court 
expensive used carsWhy Are People Paying So Much For Used Toyota Tacomas? 
over-the-topToday In Streaming TV: PlayStation Vue Comes To Cable, Facebook TV Coming Soon, DirecTV Now Grows 
'90s nostalgiaWalmart Cancels SNES Classic Preorders, Shrugs 
the brand survivesStarbucks Closing All Teavana Stores 



Part of 
Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports.


Donate


About Us
Connect With Us
No Commercial Use Policy
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Work With Us



Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email








 Feed
 Google+
 Twitter
 Facebook



 
 Return to Top


 














Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			





Post to



Cancel







 























































































































































Time Warner Cable - Wikipedia






















 






Time Warner Cable

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Time Warner Cable Inc.


Time Warner Cable's final logo used until the acquisition with Charter Communications.




Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications
Mass media


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
1973; 44 years ago (1973)


Founder
Time Warner
(merger of Time Inc. & Warner Communications)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Time Warner Center, New York City, New York, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Robert D. Marcus
(Chairman & CEO)


Parent
Warner Communications (1973–1990)
Time Warner (1990-2009) Charter Communications (2016-Present)


Subsidiaries
Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC






Time Warner Center, formerly the headquarters of the company in New York City. It was shared by its namesake, but now unrelated company, Time Warner.






Time Warner Cable building entrance in Morrisville, North Carolina


Time Warner Cable (TWC) was an American cable television company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications in 2016, it was ranked the second largest cable company in the United States by revenue behind only Comcast, operating in 29 states.[1] Its corporate headquarters were located in the Time Warner Center in Midtown Manhattan, New York City,[2] with other corporate offices in Stamford, Connecticut; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Herndon, Virginia.[3]
It was controlled by Warner Communications, then by Time Warner (the film and television production company and cable channel operator). That company spun off the cable operations in March 2009 as part of a larger restructuring. From 2009 to 2016, Time Warner Cable was an entirely independent company, continuing to use the Time Warner name under license from its former parent (including the "Road Runner" name for its Internet service, now Spectrum Internet).
In 2014, the company was the subject of a proposed purchase by Comcast Corporation, valued at $45.2 billion; however, following opposition to the deal by various groups, along with plans by the U.S. government to try to block the merger, Comcast called off the deal in April 2015. On May 26, 2015, Charter Communications announced that it would acquire Time Warner Cable for $78.7 billion, along with Bright House Networks in a separate $10.1 billion deal, pending regulatory approval.[4]
The purchase was completed on May 18, 2016; Charter had continued to do business as Time Warner Cable in its former markets, but has now re-branded these operations under the Spectrum brand in most markets.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Sale


2 Residential services
3 Business services
4 Cable Internet service
5 Naming rights

5.1 Current

5.1.1 Arena


5.2 Former

5.2.1 Fox Cities Stadium




6 Acquisitions

6.1 Adelphia
6.2 NaviSite
6.3 Insight Communications
6.4 DukeNet Communications


7 Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)
8 Venture with Sprint Nextel
9 Controversies

9.1 Bandwidth metering
9.2 Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography


10 Cable clusters
11 Divisions

11.1 West Region
11.2 East Region
11.3 Former divisions


12 Rankings
13 See also
14 References



History[edit]
Time Warner Cable was formed in 1992 by the merger of Time Inc.'s cable television company, American Television and Communications Corp. (service areas that had belonged to that company went under the Time Warner Communications name; since the 1990s, areas that had used that name have either been renamed to Time Warner Cable, Bright House Networks, or have been given to other cable providers), and Warner Cable, a division of Warner Communications, as a result of a merger to form Time Warner; for the two years after the merger, the companies operated separately but under the umbrella name "Time Warner Cable Group" (primarily due to 18% of ATC having been publicly owned at the time); they merged into one entity in 1992. It also includes the remnants of the defunct QUBE interactive TV service. In 1995, the company launched the Southern Tier On-Line Community, a cable modem service later known as Road Runner High Speed Online. That year, talks began that would later result in Warner's acquisition of Paragon Cable. Glenn Britt (1949–2014)[6][7] was the CEO from 2001 until December 2013.
Time Warner retained Time Warner Cable as a subsidiary until March 2009, when it was spun out as an independent company.[8] Prior to the spin-out, Time Warner had held an 84% stake in Time Warner Cable.[9] Non-Time Warner shareholders received 0.083670 shares for each share already owned. This move made Time Warner Cable the largest cable operator in the United States owned solely by a single class of shareholders (without supervoting stock).[10]
Time Warner Cable launched DVR service in the Houston area in 2004. (TWC's Houston-area cable systems are now owned by Comcast.) When first launched, it used Scientific-Atlanta set-top boxes with DVR.
In June 2009, Time Warner Cable unveiled a concept known as "TV Everywhere"—a means of allowing multi-platform access to live and on-demand content to content from television channels that is tied to a user's television subscription.[11][12]
Sale[edit]
Main article: Attempted purchase of Time Warner Cable by Comcast
It was first reported in October 2013 that Time Warner Cable was exploring a sale of the company, possibly to Charter Communications.[13] However, on November 22, 2013, reports surfaced that Comcast expressed interest in acquiring Time Warner Cable. Both companies were said to be placing bids for the company.[14] Charter reiterated its interest in purchasing Time Warner Cable and increased its bid on January 14, 2014. On February 12, 2014, it was reported that Comcast had reached a deal to acquire TWC in an overall deal valued at $45.2 billion, pending regulatory approval.[15]
The proposed merger was met with prominent opposition from various groups, showing concerns that the sheer size of the combined company would reduce competition and would give Comcast an unprecedented level of control over the United States' internet and television industries, increased leverage in the distribution of NBCUniversal content, hamper over-the-top services, and lead to higher prices for its services.[16][17][18][19] In April 2015, it was reported that the U.S. Department of Justice was preparing to file an antitrust lawsuit against the companies in a bid to halt the merger, primarily because the merged company would have controlled 57 percent of the nation's broadband capacity. On April 24, 2015, Comcast officially announced that it had called off the merger.[20][21]
On May 25, 2015, Bloomberg News reported that Charter was "near" a deal to acquire TWC for $195 a share.[22] Charter had been involved in the Comcast/TWC merger, as the companies planned to divest around 4 million subscribers to Charter in order to reduce the combined company's market share to an acceptable level.[23] The next day, Charter officially announced its intent to acquire Time Warner Cable in a deal valued at $78.7 billion, and confirmed that it would also continue with its proposed, $10.1 billion acquisition of Bright House Networks. The deal was subject to regulatory approval, although due to the relatively smaller size of the companies and their media holdings, the deal was expected to face less resistance than the Comcast/TWC merger.[24]
The acquisition was completed on May 18, 2016. The Time Warner Cable brand was phased out in favor of Spectrum, the brand used by Charter to market its services.[25][5][26]
Residential services[edit]
As of second quarter 2009, there were 14.6 million basic cable subscribers, 8.8 million Digital cable subscribers, 8.7 million Road Runner residential subscribers, 2.5 million DVR subscribers,[27] and 4.5 million residential Digital Phone subscribers, which makes it the fifth-largest landline phone provider in the United States.[28]
Business services[edit]
As of 2013, Time Warner Cable's business division had the second largest business-facing enterprise by revenue (of cable providers who offer business services), with $1.7 billion in revenue as of the third quarter of 2013. Total revenue for 2012 was $1.9 billion.[29]
Cable Internet service[edit]
Main article: Spectrum Internet
Naming rights[edit]
Current[edit]
Arena[edit]
Spectrum Center, formerly Time Warner Cable Arena, is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, the home of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets. In April 2008, the then-Bobcats reached a naming rights deal with Time Warner Cable, the Charlotte area's major cable television provider; the arena was named for the cable provider in exchange for the release of the team's television rights, which had been on the TWC co-owned Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television for its first season, which failed to find much cable coverage in the Charlotte market outside of Time Warner systems and went dark after a year, and then News 14 Carolina which was limited to only the North Carolina side of the market, until the arena naming rights deal was made. The team moved to the new Fox Sports South sub-feed Fox Sports Carolinas and SportSouth (now Fox Sports Southeast) with the 2008-09 season, allowing coverage through both the Carolinas.[30] Shortly after being acquired by Charter, the arena was renamed to Spectrum Center.
Former[edit]
Fox Cities Stadium[edit]
Main article: Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium
On March 9, 2007, Time Warner Cable, which provides service to the northeastern Wisconsin area, signed a 10-year naming rights deal. The field is home of the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers, a local minor league baseball team of the Midwest League and affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers, based in Grand Chute, a suburb of Appleton. The team and Time Warner Cable mutually agreed to end the rights deal after the 2013 season, and the venue is now known as Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium, named for a local neurology practice.
Acquisitions[edit]
Adelphia[edit]
On July 31, 2007, Time Warner Cable and Comcast completed a deal to purchase practically all of Adelphia's assets for $17 billion.[31] Time Warner Cable gained 3.3 million of Adelphia's subscribers, a 29 percent increase, while Comcast gained almost 1.7 million subscribers. Adelphia stockholders received 16% of Time Warner Cable. Time Warner Cable went public effective February 13, 2007, and the company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 1, 2007.[32]
In addition to Adelphia's coverage being divided up, Time Warner Cable and Comcast also agreed to exchange some of their own subscribers in order to consolidate key regions. An example of this is the Los Angeles market, which was mostly covered by Comcast and Adelphia (and some areas of the region already served by TWC), is now under Time Warner Cable. Philadelphia had been split between Time Warner and Comcast, with the majority of cable subscribers belonging to Comcast. Time Warner subscribers in Philadelphia were swapped with Comcast in early 2007. Similarly, the Houston area, which was under Time Warner, was swapped to Comcast, while the Dallas metro area was changed to Time Warner (RR).[33] In the Twin Cities, Minneapolis was Time Warner and Saint Paul was Comcast. That whole market is now Comcast.
NaviSite[edit]
Time Warner Cable purchased NaviSite (NAVI), a company providing cloud and hosting services, on February 1, 2011 for $230 million, roughly equating to $5.50 per share.[34]
Insight Communications[edit]
On August 13, 2011, Time Warner Cable announced its purchase of Insight Communications for $3 billion acquiring Insight's 760,000 subscribers nationwide. The merger was completed February 29, 2012, and as of June 2013 all of Insight Communications was absorbed into Time Warner Cable.[35]
DukeNet Communications[edit]
On October 7, 2013, Time Warner Cable announced that it has agreed to acquire DukeNet Communications LLC for $600 million. DukeNet provides data and high-capacity bandwidth services to wireless carrier, data center, government, and enterprise customers in the Southeast.[36]
Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)[edit]
Some of the regional cable system clusters operated by Time Warner Cable are owned by the Time Warner Entertainment – Advance/Newhouse Partnership (TWEAN). In 2002, Advance/Newhouse Communications, unhappy with some of the operating policies of Time Warner Cable in the AOL Time Warner era, forced a restructuring of the TWEAN partnership such that Advance/Newhouse would actively manage and operate a portion of the jointly owned cable systems equal to their percentage of equity. Under this arrangement, Advance/Newhouse enjoys the proceeds of their actively managed systems rather than simply a percentage of the partnership's total earnings. The majority of the affected systems are in the Tampa and Orlando markets under the Bright House Networks brand.
The value of this deal is that it allows Advance/Newhouse to more directly control their cable investments without having to completely unravel the TWEAN partnership, which does bring some benefits via Time Warner's development and purchasing clout.
The transactions proposed by Charter were approved, TWC and Bright House Networks have been absorbed into Charter.[24]
Venture with Sprint Nextel[edit]
In late 2005, TWC and several other cable companies formed a venture with Sprint Nextel. This joint venture enables TWC customers to receive a full suite of products, linking in-home and out-of-home entertainment, information, and communications services. All of this was included in the new "Triple Play on the Go", similar to the Triple Play[discuss] but an addition of new services through Sprint Nextel.
Controversies[edit]
Bandwidth metering[edit]
In Beaumont, Texas, during 2008, Time Warner Cable began testing tier-based metered data plans that effectively placed customers into a pricing hierarchy based on the amount of data that they used, [clarification needed].[37] In 2009, Time Warner Cable announced that additional cities including Rochester, New York will become additional test sites. In particular in Rochester groups have formed to stop TWC. Several groups including Stop TWC[38] and Stop The Cap[39] are currently working to oppose these efforts. On April 7, 2009, then US Congressman Eric Massa called on Time Warner to eliminate its broadband Internet cap.[40]
Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography[edit]
On March 16, 2010, Time Warner Cable's transmission of their Kids on Demand and Kids Pre-School on Demand channels on systems in eastern North Carolina was interrupted by programming from the adult pay television channel Playboy TV for approximately two hours between 6:15 a.m. and 8:15 a.m./EDT, in which a group of nude women talked and posed in a sexually suggestive manner.[41] This accidental display affected Time Warner's digital cable subscribers in four towns in the system's eastern North Carolina cluster, while other areas displayed a black screen. A Time Warner spokesperson said in a statement to Raleigh CBS affiliate WRAL, "It was a technical malfunction that caused the wrong previews to be shown on our kids' on-demand channels. Unfortunately it hit at the worst possible time on the worst possible channels."[42] A Time Warner executive said normal monitoring procedures did not take effect because the glitch affected only a few areas. Customers were told to pay the small fee, and that their next bill would be reduced. [43]
Cable clusters[edit]




Time Warner Cable ident used until 2010. Remained in use on its "Business Class" division.



West Coast cluster

California – Barstow, Desert Cities, Orange County, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, San Diego
Hawaii (operating as Oceanic Time Warner Cable)


Midwest cluster

Kansas – Kansas City, Overland Park, Olathe, Shawnee
Missouri – Kansas City, Independence, Lee's Summit
Nebraska
Ohio – Akron, Bowling Green/North Baltimore, Canton, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dayton, Findlay/Lima, and Youngstown
Kentucky – Lexington, Louisville, Northern Kentucky, Ashland
Pennsylvania – Erie County, Sharon, Franklin
Wisconsin – Green Bay and Milwaukee


Northeast cluster

Maine
New Hampshire – Berlin, Keene
Massachusetts – Athol, Pittsfield
Upstate New York


The Carolinas cluster

North Carolina – Charlotte, Raleigh, Greensboro, and Wilmington
South Carolina – Columbia, Sumter, Florence, Summerville, Hilton Head and Myrtle Beach.


New York cluster

New Jersey – Bergen County, Hudson County
New York – New York City (Manhattan, Queens, Staten Island, most of western Brooklyn); Mount Vernon (Westchester County, rest of county is Cablevision)


Texas cluster

Texas – Arlington, Austin, Beaumont/Port Arthur, Corpus Christi, Dallas, El Paso, Harlingen, Killeen/Temple, Laredo, Rio Grande Valley, San Antonio, Waco, and Wichita Falls

coincidentally, the Irving-Grapevine-Coppell-Lewisville cluster had been under Time Warner Cable's control upon acquisition of Paragon Cable. This was prior to AT&T Broadband's full absorption of that cluster.




Not in a cluster (National)

Alabama – Dothan, Enterprise
Arizona – Yuma
California – El Centro
Colorado – Gunnison, Telluride
Idaho – Coeur d'Alene, Moscow
Indiana – Terre Haute
Virginia
Washington – Pullman
West Virginia – Clarksburg



Divisions[edit]
Time Warner Cable's divisions, from official website:
West Region[edit]




Former logo for "Oceanic Time Warner Cable" division



PAC West Region

Oceanic Time Warner Cable (Hawaii)
Time Warner Cable Desert Cities
Time Warner Cable San Diego
Time Warner Cable Southern California (SoCal)


Midwest Region

Time Warner Cable Kansas City
Time Warner Cable Nebraska
Time Warner Cable Northeast Ohio & Western Pennsylvania (Akron, Canton, Cleveland & Youngstown; Erie County & Sharon, PA)
Time Warner Cable Mid-Ohio (Columbus)
Time Warner Cable Southwest Ohio (Dayton; Cincinnati; Lexington, KY; Louisville, KY; Terre Haute, IN; Clarksburg, WV)
Time Warner Cable Wisconsin (Milwaukee & Green Bay)


Texas Region
Time Warner Cable National (non-clustered systems)

East Region[edit]




Time Warner Cable Spectrum.



Northeast Region

Time Warner Cable Albany
Time Warner Cable Buffalo
Time Warner Cable Rochester
Time Warner Cable Central New York / Syracuse
Time Warner Cable New England
Time Warner Cable New York City


Carolinas Region

Time Warner Cable Charlotte
Time Warner Cable Greensboro
Time Warner Cable Eastern Carolina
Time Warner Cable Raleigh
Time Warner Cable South Carolina (Columbia)
Time Warner Cable Fayetteville/Sandhills



Former divisions[edit]
Sold to Comcast

Time Warner Cable Houma
Time Warner Cable Houston
Time Warner Cable Lake City/Live Oak
Time Warner Cable Mid-South (Memphis, TN, AR, and MS)
Time Warner Cable Minnesota
Time Warner Cable Shreveport
Time Warner Cable St. Augustine/Palatka
Time Warner Cable Cape Coral/Naples

Divisions that became Bright House Networks

Time Warner Cable Central Florida[44]
Time Warner Cable Tampa Bay

Rankings[edit]
The American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) ranked Time Warner Cable as one of the least liked companies in terms of customer satisfaction in 2011,[45] 2012,[46] 2013,[7][47] and 2014.[48]
See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Spectrum Sports

References[edit]


^ "Top 25 Multichannel Video Service Customers (2012)". National Cable & Telecommunications Association. Retrieved 2013-01-02. 
^ "Investor Relations Contact Us." Time Warner Cable. Retrieved on March 6, 2010.
^ "Locations". Time Warner Cable. Archived from the original on July 16, 2012. Retrieved July 15, 2012. 
^ Smith, Gerry (June 25, 2015). "Charter Promises Faster, Cheaper Internet to Win Merger Approval". Bloomberg. 
^ a b "So Long Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Much-Maligned Brand". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Glenn Britt timeline" (PDF). 
^ a b Henry, David; Sherman, Alex (June 11, 2014). "Glenn Britt, Who Raised Time Warner Cable Shares, Dies at 65". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 6, 2014. 
^ "Time Warner Cable Spinoff to Finish Next Month". New York Times. February 27, 2009. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner's $9 Billion Cable Spinoff". CBS News. Associated Press. May 21, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2008. 
^ "Time Warner Sets Final Distribution Ratio For Cable Spinoff". Dow Jones (via CNN Money). March 20, 2009. Retrieved March 27, 2009. [dead link]
^ Lasar, Matthew (June 24, 2009). "Is Comcast and TimeWarner's "TV Everywhere" TV for everyone?". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ Cheng, Jacqui (December 15, 2009). "Comcast expands online video to all cable+Internet customers". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ "Analyst: Charter, Time Warner Cable Merger Looks Probable". Fox Business.com. September 11, 2013. Retrieved September 11, 2013. 
^ Flint, Joe; James, Meg (November 22, 2013). "Charter Communications and Comcast may battle for Time Warner Cable". New York Times. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ Baker, Liana B. (February 13, 2014). "CORRECTED-UPDATE 7-Comcast takeover of Time Warner Cable to reshape U.S. pay TV". Reuters. Retrieved 13 February 2014. 
^ "Netflix Says It Opposes Comcast’s Merger Bid". The New York Times. 21 Apr 2014. Retrieved 25 Apr 2014. 
^ "More Than 50 Public Interest Groups Speak Out Against the Comcast-Time Warner Cable Merger". Freepress.net. 8 Apr 2014. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Julian Hattem (24 Mar 2014). "Writers Guild protests Comcast-Time Warner deal". The Hill. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Ira Teinowitz (9 Apr 2014). "Consumer Group Slams Comcast, Time-Warner Deal at New Senate Hearing (Updated)". The Wrap. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ "Comcast/TWC merger may be blocked by Justice Department". Ars Technica. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Comcast / Time Warner Cable / Charter Transactions Terminated – Comcast Press Statement". Comcast. Retrieved 24 April 2015. 
^ Sherman, Alex (25 May 2015). "Charter Near Deal for Time Warner Cable at $195 a Share". Bloomberg News. Retrieved 25 May 2015. 
^ McGrath, Maggie (28 April 2014). "Comcast Strikes Deal With Charter To Divest Nearly 4 Million Subscribers". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2014. 
^ a b Steel, Emily (May 26, 2015). "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Charter introduces Spectrum brand in Southern California". Los Angeles Times. September 20, 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "About Us - Time Warner Cable's Company History and News". 
^ Leichtman Research Group, "Research Notes," First Quarter 2012, pg. 6, Time Warner (#5) with 4,544,000 residential phone lines.
^ "Heavy Reading: Cable Biz Sales to Hit $8.5B | Light Reading". 
^ "Deals widen Bobcats' TV reach". Charlotte.com. April 9, 2008. Retrieved April 16, 2008. 
^ "CNNMoney.com: Time Warner to save on programming costs after Adelphia Deal – Jul, 31. 2006". CNN. July 31, 2006. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Press Release: Time Warner Cable Becomes a Public Company". Timewarner.com. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ Ehling, Jeff (August 2, 2006). "Time-Warner Cable leaving Houston". KTRK-TV. American Broadcasting Company. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Cable buys NaviSite as hosting acquisitions pick up". zdnet.com. February 1, 2011. Retrieved August 21, 2011. 
^ "Lexington, KY local and state news by the Lexington Herald-Leader – Kentucky.com". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Time Warner Cable to acquire Regional Fiber Optic Network Company DukeNet Communications". Retrieved 8 October 2013. 
^ Lawson, Stephen (January 18, 2008). "Time Warner to Try Tiered Cable Pricing". IDG News Service. PC World. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ "Stop TWC – More Info Coming Soon! Please Check Back!". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Stop the Cap!". Stop the Cap!. Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ Massa, Eric. "Congressman Eric Massa calls on Time Warner to eliminate Broadband Internet Cap". Archived from the original on April 9, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ Pearson, Erica (March 17, 2010). "Time Warner apologizes for accidentally showing Playboy previews on kiddie channels in N.C". Daily News. New York. 
^ Davis, Stacy (2010-03-16). "Time Warner apologizes for Playboy-kids channel glitch". WRAL.com. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ [1] Archived February 3, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Time Warner Cable changes name to Bright House". Orlando Business Journal. American City Business Journals. March 7, 2003. 
^ Lubin, Gus; Vivian Giang (2011-06-29). "The 19 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ Spector, Dina; Gus Lubin; Vivian Giang (2012-06-22). "The 15 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ "Benchmarks by Companies: All Companies". American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI). 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (December 31, 2014). "The most unpopular company in America is …". MarketWatch. Retrieved January 25, 2015. 








v
t
e


Charter Communications



Leadership



Thomas M. Rutledge (CEO)





Internet properties



Spectrum Internet





Cable
television
channels




News channels



Austin
Buffalo
Capital Region
Central NY
Florida

Bay News 9
News 13
InfoMás


New York City

NY1
NY1 Noticias
NY1 Rail and Road


North Carolina
Rochester





Sports channels



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet/Deportes LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





Local / Regional



Charter TV3 (Worcester)
Spectrum Community

Maine
Southern California


Spectrum OC16 (Hawaii)













Links to related articles











v
t
e


Liberty Interactive



Liberty Interactive Group



Bodybuilding.com (83%)
BuySeasons
CommerceHub (99%)
Evite
Gifts.com
HSN (34%)
Provide Commerce (ProFlowers)
QVC

Zulily


Right Start





Liberty Ventures Group



Expedia, Inc. (18%)
Interval International (30%)
Tree.com (25%)
TripAdvisor (26%)












v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe












v
t
e


Sports television in the United States



Broadcast
divisions





English




American Sports Network
CBS Sports
ESPN on ABC
Fox Sports
NBC Sports
Turner Sports






Spanish




Azteca
Telemundo Deportes (Telemundo/Universo)
Univision Deportes








National
channels





English




beIN Sports
CBS Sports Network
ESPN

ESPN2


FS1

FS2


NBCSN
Olympic Channel






Spanish




beIN Sports en Español
ESPN Deportes
Fox Deportes
Univision Deportes Network








Specialty
channels





College




Big Ten Network
ESPNU
Fox College Sports
Longhorn Network
Pac-12 Network
SEC Network






Single sport




Cricket TicketO
ESPN College Extra
ESPN Goal Line/Buzzer BeaterP
Fox Soccer PlusP
GOL TV
Golf Channel
In DemandP
MAVTV
MLB Network
MLB Extra InningsO
MLB Strike ZoneP
MLS Direct KickO
NBA League PassO
NBA TV
NFL Network
NFL RedZoneP
NFL Sunday TicketO
NHL Network
NHL Center IceO
Tennis Channel
TVG

TVG2


Willow






Outdoors




Frost Great Outdoors
Outdoor Channel
Pursuit Channel
Sportsman Channel
World Fishing Network






Other




Eleven Sports Network
ESPN Classic
ESPNews
ESPN PPVP
Ride TV








Syndicators



ACC Network (Raycom Sports)
ESPN Events





Broadband



Fox Sports Go
MLB.tv
UFC Fight Pass
WatchESPN (ESPN3)
WWE Network
WWNLive





Video on demand



The Ski Channel
Surf Channel













v
t
e


Regional sports television networks in the United States



AT&T SportsNet



Northwest
Pittsburgh
Rocky Mountain
Southwest
Utah





Fox Sports Networks



Arizona
Detroit
Florida / Sun
Midwest

Indiana
Kansas City


North
Ohio / SportsTime Ohio
Southeast / South

Carolinas
Tennessee


Southwest

Oklahoma
New Orleans


West / Prime Ticket

San Diego


Wisconsin
YES Network





NBC Sports Regional Networks
(Comcast)



Bay Area
California
Chicago
Mid-Atlantic
New England
Northwest

Oregon Sports Network


Philadelphia





Spectrum Sports
(Charter)



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





YurView (Cox)



Arizona
California
Kansas
Las Vegas
Louisiana
New England
Oklahoma
Virginia





Independents



Altitude Sports
Buckeye Cable Sports
BYUtv Sports
Cox Sports TV
FiOS1
Longhorn Network
Mid-Atlantic Sports
Midco Sports
MSG Network

Plus
Western NY


NESN
SportsNet NY
SWX Right Now


















v
t
e


Defunct television sports networks in the United States



National



America One
American Sports Classics
Back9Network
Baseball Network
Big 12 Network
CNN SI
ESPN 3D
Football Network
Fox Soccer
Lorimar Sports Network
Mizlou
NASCAR Hot Pass
NewSport
One World Sports
ONTV
SEC TV
Speed
SportsChannel America
Sports Network
Universal Sports Network





Regional



4SD
Carolinas SE
Cox Sports
Empire
Hawkvision
MountainWest
PASS Sports
Prime
PRISM
Royals Sports
SportsChannel LA
Sportsvision
Sports Time
Victory





Out-of-market



ESPN Full Court
ESPN GamePlan
Mega March Madness











O. Out-of-market sports packages P. Premium channel













 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Time_Warner_Cable&oldid=792249246"					
Categories: Time Warner CableCable television companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Fairfield County, ConnecticutEntertainment companies established in 1973Media companies established in 1973Media companies disestablished in 2016Media companies of the United States1973 establishments in the United States2016 disestablishments in the United StatesCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer Time Warner subsidiariesVoIP companies of the United States2016 acquisitionsCorporate spin-offsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from August 2010Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from June 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from August 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةEspañolفارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaNederlands日本語Simple EnglishSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Time Warner Cable - Wikipedia






















 






Time Warner Cable

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Time Warner Cable Inc.


Time Warner Cable's final logo used until the acquisition with Charter Communications.




Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications
Mass media


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
1973; 44 years ago (1973)


Founder
Time Warner
(merger of Time Inc. & Warner Communications)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Time Warner Center, New York City, New York, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Robert D. Marcus
(Chairman & CEO)


Parent
Warner Communications (1973–1990)
Time Warner (1990-2009) Charter Communications (2016-Present)


Subsidiaries
Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC






Time Warner Center, formerly the headquarters of the company in New York City. It was shared by its namesake, but now unrelated company, Time Warner.






Time Warner Cable building entrance in Morrisville, North Carolina


Time Warner Cable (TWC) was an American cable television company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications in 2016, it was ranked the second largest cable company in the United States by revenue behind only Comcast, operating in 29 states.[1] Its corporate headquarters were located in the Time Warner Center in Midtown Manhattan, New York City,[2] with other corporate offices in Stamford, Connecticut; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Herndon, Virginia.[3]
It was controlled by Warner Communications, then by Time Warner (the film and television production company and cable channel operator). That company spun off the cable operations in March 2009 as part of a larger restructuring. From 2009 to 2016, Time Warner Cable was an entirely independent company, continuing to use the Time Warner name under license from its former parent (including the "Road Runner" name for its Internet service, now Spectrum Internet).
In 2014, the company was the subject of a proposed purchase by Comcast Corporation, valued at $45.2 billion; however, following opposition to the deal by various groups, along with plans by the U.S. government to try to block the merger, Comcast called off the deal in April 2015. On May 26, 2015, Charter Communications announced that it would acquire Time Warner Cable for $78.7 billion, along with Bright House Networks in a separate $10.1 billion deal, pending regulatory approval.[4]
The purchase was completed on May 18, 2016; Charter had continued to do business as Time Warner Cable in its former markets, but has now re-branded these operations under the Spectrum brand in most markets.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Sale


2 Residential services
3 Business services
4 Cable Internet service
5 Naming rights

5.1 Current

5.1.1 Arena


5.2 Former

5.2.1 Fox Cities Stadium




6 Acquisitions

6.1 Adelphia
6.2 NaviSite
6.3 Insight Communications
6.4 DukeNet Communications


7 Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)
8 Venture with Sprint Nextel
9 Controversies

9.1 Bandwidth metering
9.2 Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography


10 Cable clusters
11 Divisions

11.1 West Region
11.2 East Region
11.3 Former divisions


12 Rankings
13 See also
14 References



History[edit]
Time Warner Cable was formed in 1992 by the merger of Time Inc.'s cable television company, American Television and Communications Corp. (service areas that had belonged to that company went under the Time Warner Communications name; since the 1990s, areas that had used that name have either been renamed to Time Warner Cable, Bright House Networks, or have been given to other cable providers), and Warner Cable, a division of Warner Communications, as a result of a merger to form Time Warner; for the two years after the merger, the companies operated separately but under the umbrella name "Time Warner Cable Group" (primarily due to 18% of ATC having been publicly owned at the time); they merged into one entity in 1992. It also includes the remnants of the defunct QUBE interactive TV service. In 1995, the company launched the Southern Tier On-Line Community, a cable modem service later known as Road Runner High Speed Online. That year, talks began that would later result in Warner's acquisition of Paragon Cable. Glenn Britt (1949–2014)[6][7] was the CEO from 2001 until December 2013.
Time Warner retained Time Warner Cable as a subsidiary until March 2009, when it was spun out as an independent company.[8] Prior to the spin-out, Time Warner had held an 84% stake in Time Warner Cable.[9] Non-Time Warner shareholders received 0.083670 shares for each share already owned. This move made Time Warner Cable the largest cable operator in the United States owned solely by a single class of shareholders (without supervoting stock).[10]
Time Warner Cable launched DVR service in the Houston area in 2004. (TWC's Houston-area cable systems are now owned by Comcast.) When first launched, it used Scientific-Atlanta set-top boxes with DVR.
In June 2009, Time Warner Cable unveiled a concept known as "TV Everywhere"—a means of allowing multi-platform access to live and on-demand content to content from television channels that is tied to a user's television subscription.[11][12]
Sale[edit]
Main article: Attempted purchase of Time Warner Cable by Comcast
It was first reported in October 2013 that Time Warner Cable was exploring a sale of the company, possibly to Charter Communications.[13] However, on November 22, 2013, reports surfaced that Comcast expressed interest in acquiring Time Warner Cable. Both companies were said to be placing bids for the company.[14] Charter reiterated its interest in purchasing Time Warner Cable and increased its bid on January 14, 2014. On February 12, 2014, it was reported that Comcast had reached a deal to acquire TWC in an overall deal valued at $45.2 billion, pending regulatory approval.[15]
The proposed merger was met with prominent opposition from various groups, showing concerns that the sheer size of the combined company would reduce competition and would give Comcast an unprecedented level of control over the United States' internet and television industries, increased leverage in the distribution of NBCUniversal content, hamper over-the-top services, and lead to higher prices for its services.[16][17][18][19] In April 2015, it was reported that the U.S. Department of Justice was preparing to file an antitrust lawsuit against the companies in a bid to halt the merger, primarily because the merged company would have controlled 57 percent of the nation's broadband capacity. On April 24, 2015, Comcast officially announced that it had called off the merger.[20][21]
On May 25, 2015, Bloomberg News reported that Charter was "near" a deal to acquire TWC for $195 a share.[22] Charter had been involved in the Comcast/TWC merger, as the companies planned to divest around 4 million subscribers to Charter in order to reduce the combined company's market share to an acceptable level.[23] The next day, Charter officially announced its intent to acquire Time Warner Cable in a deal valued at $78.7 billion, and confirmed that it would also continue with its proposed, $10.1 billion acquisition of Bright House Networks. The deal was subject to regulatory approval, although due to the relatively smaller size of the companies and their media holdings, the deal was expected to face less resistance than the Comcast/TWC merger.[24]
The acquisition was completed on May 18, 2016. The Time Warner Cable brand was phased out in favor of Spectrum, the brand used by Charter to market its services.[25][5][26]
Residential services[edit]
As of second quarter 2009, there were 14.6 million basic cable subscribers, 8.8 million Digital cable subscribers, 8.7 million Road Runner residential subscribers, 2.5 million DVR subscribers,[27] and 4.5 million residential Digital Phone subscribers, which makes it the fifth-largest landline phone provider in the United States.[28]
Business services[edit]
As of 2013, Time Warner Cable's business division had the second largest business-facing enterprise by revenue (of cable providers who offer business services), with $1.7 billion in revenue as of the third quarter of 2013. Total revenue for 2012 was $1.9 billion.[29]
Cable Internet service[edit]
Main article: Spectrum Internet
Naming rights[edit]
Current[edit]
Arena[edit]
Spectrum Center, formerly Time Warner Cable Arena, is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, the home of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets. In April 2008, the then-Bobcats reached a naming rights deal with Time Warner Cable, the Charlotte area's major cable television provider; the arena was named for the cable provider in exchange for the release of the team's television rights, which had been on the TWC co-owned Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television for its first season, which failed to find much cable coverage in the Charlotte market outside of Time Warner systems and went dark after a year, and then News 14 Carolina which was limited to only the North Carolina side of the market, until the arena naming rights deal was made. The team moved to the new Fox Sports South sub-feed Fox Sports Carolinas and SportSouth (now Fox Sports Southeast) with the 2008-09 season, allowing coverage through both the Carolinas.[30] Shortly after being acquired by Charter, the arena was renamed to Spectrum Center.
Former[edit]
Fox Cities Stadium[edit]
Main article: Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium
On March 9, 2007, Time Warner Cable, which provides service to the northeastern Wisconsin area, signed a 10-year naming rights deal. The field is home of the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers, a local minor league baseball team of the Midwest League and affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers, based in Grand Chute, a suburb of Appleton. The team and Time Warner Cable mutually agreed to end the rights deal after the 2013 season, and the venue is now known as Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium, named for a local neurology practice.
Acquisitions[edit]
Adelphia[edit]
On July 31, 2007, Time Warner Cable and Comcast completed a deal to purchase practically all of Adelphia's assets for $17 billion.[31] Time Warner Cable gained 3.3 million of Adelphia's subscribers, a 29 percent increase, while Comcast gained almost 1.7 million subscribers. Adelphia stockholders received 16% of Time Warner Cable. Time Warner Cable went public effective February 13, 2007, and the company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 1, 2007.[32]
In addition to Adelphia's coverage being divided up, Time Warner Cable and Comcast also agreed to exchange some of their own subscribers in order to consolidate key regions. An example of this is the Los Angeles market, which was mostly covered by Comcast and Adelphia (and some areas of the region already served by TWC), is now under Time Warner Cable. Philadelphia had been split between Time Warner and Comcast, with the majority of cable subscribers belonging to Comcast. Time Warner subscribers in Philadelphia were swapped with Comcast in early 2007. Similarly, the Houston area, which was under Time Warner, was swapped to Comcast, while the Dallas metro area was changed to Time Warner (RR).[33] In the Twin Cities, Minneapolis was Time Warner and Saint Paul was Comcast. That whole market is now Comcast.
NaviSite[edit]
Time Warner Cable purchased NaviSite (NAVI), a company providing cloud and hosting services, on February 1, 2011 for $230 million, roughly equating to $5.50 per share.[34]
Insight Communications[edit]
On August 13, 2011, Time Warner Cable announced its purchase of Insight Communications for $3 billion acquiring Insight's 760,000 subscribers nationwide. The merger was completed February 29, 2012, and as of June 2013 all of Insight Communications was absorbed into Time Warner Cable.[35]
DukeNet Communications[edit]
On October 7, 2013, Time Warner Cable announced that it has agreed to acquire DukeNet Communications LLC for $600 million. DukeNet provides data and high-capacity bandwidth services to wireless carrier, data center, government, and enterprise customers in the Southeast.[36]
Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)[edit]
Some of the regional cable system clusters operated by Time Warner Cable are owned by the Time Warner Entertainment – Advance/Newhouse Partnership (TWEAN). In 2002, Advance/Newhouse Communications, unhappy with some of the operating policies of Time Warner Cable in the AOL Time Warner era, forced a restructuring of the TWEAN partnership such that Advance/Newhouse would actively manage and operate a portion of the jointly owned cable systems equal to their percentage of equity. Under this arrangement, Advance/Newhouse enjoys the proceeds of their actively managed systems rather than simply a percentage of the partnership's total earnings. The majority of the affected systems are in the Tampa and Orlando markets under the Bright House Networks brand.
The value of this deal is that it allows Advance/Newhouse to more directly control their cable investments without having to completely unravel the TWEAN partnership, which does bring some benefits via Time Warner's development and purchasing clout.
The transactions proposed by Charter were approved, TWC and Bright House Networks have been absorbed into Charter.[24]
Venture with Sprint Nextel[edit]
In late 2005, TWC and several other cable companies formed a venture with Sprint Nextel. This joint venture enables TWC customers to receive a full suite of products, linking in-home and out-of-home entertainment, information, and communications services. All of this was included in the new "Triple Play on the Go", similar to the Triple Play[discuss] but an addition of new services through Sprint Nextel.
Controversies[edit]
Bandwidth metering[edit]
In Beaumont, Texas, during 2008, Time Warner Cable began testing tier-based metered data plans that effectively placed customers into a pricing hierarchy based on the amount of data that they used, [clarification needed].[37] In 2009, Time Warner Cable announced that additional cities including Rochester, New York will become additional test sites. In particular in Rochester groups have formed to stop TWC. Several groups including Stop TWC[38] and Stop The Cap[39] are currently working to oppose these efforts. On April 7, 2009, then US Congressman Eric Massa called on Time Warner to eliminate its broadband Internet cap.[40]
Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography[edit]
On March 16, 2010, Time Warner Cable's transmission of their Kids on Demand and Kids Pre-School on Demand channels on systems in eastern North Carolina was interrupted by programming from the adult pay television channel Playboy TV for approximately two hours between 6:15 a.m. and 8:15 a.m./EDT, in which a group of nude women talked and posed in a sexually suggestive manner.[41] This accidental display affected Time Warner's digital cable subscribers in four towns in the system's eastern North Carolina cluster, while other areas displayed a black screen. A Time Warner spokesperson said in a statement to Raleigh CBS affiliate WRAL, "It was a technical malfunction that caused the wrong previews to be shown on our kids' on-demand channels. Unfortunately it hit at the worst possible time on the worst possible channels."[42] A Time Warner executive said normal monitoring procedures did not take effect because the glitch affected only a few areas. Customers were told to pay the small fee, and that their next bill would be reduced. [43]
Cable clusters[edit]




Time Warner Cable ident used until 2010. Remained in use on its "Business Class" division.



West Coast cluster

California – Barstow, Desert Cities, Orange County, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, San Diego
Hawaii (operating as Oceanic Time Warner Cable)


Midwest cluster

Kansas – Kansas City, Overland Park, Olathe, Shawnee
Missouri – Kansas City, Independence, Lee's Summit
Nebraska
Ohio – Akron, Bowling Green/North Baltimore, Canton, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dayton, Findlay/Lima, and Youngstown
Kentucky – Lexington, Louisville, Northern Kentucky, Ashland
Pennsylvania – Erie County, Sharon, Franklin
Wisconsin – Green Bay and Milwaukee


Northeast cluster

Maine
New Hampshire – Berlin, Keene
Massachusetts – Athol, Pittsfield
Upstate New York


The Carolinas cluster

North Carolina – Charlotte, Raleigh, Greensboro, and Wilmington
South Carolina – Columbia, Sumter, Florence, Summerville, Hilton Head and Myrtle Beach.


New York cluster

New Jersey – Bergen County, Hudson County
New York – New York City (Manhattan, Queens, Staten Island, most of western Brooklyn); Mount Vernon (Westchester County, rest of county is Cablevision)


Texas cluster

Texas – Arlington, Austin, Beaumont/Port Arthur, Corpus Christi, Dallas, El Paso, Harlingen, Killeen/Temple, Laredo, Rio Grande Valley, San Antonio, Waco, and Wichita Falls

coincidentally, the Irving-Grapevine-Coppell-Lewisville cluster had been under Time Warner Cable's control upon acquisition of Paragon Cable. This was prior to AT&T Broadband's full absorption of that cluster.




Not in a cluster (National)

Alabama – Dothan, Enterprise
Arizona – Yuma
California – El Centro
Colorado – Gunnison, Telluride
Idaho – Coeur d'Alene, Moscow
Indiana – Terre Haute
Virginia
Washington – Pullman
West Virginia – Clarksburg



Divisions[edit]
Time Warner Cable's divisions, from official website:
West Region[edit]




Former logo for "Oceanic Time Warner Cable" division



PAC West Region

Oceanic Time Warner Cable (Hawaii)
Time Warner Cable Desert Cities
Time Warner Cable San Diego
Time Warner Cable Southern California (SoCal)


Midwest Region

Time Warner Cable Kansas City
Time Warner Cable Nebraska
Time Warner Cable Northeast Ohio & Western Pennsylvania (Akron, Canton, Cleveland & Youngstown; Erie County & Sharon, PA)
Time Warner Cable Mid-Ohio (Columbus)
Time Warner Cable Southwest Ohio (Dayton; Cincinnati; Lexington, KY; Louisville, KY; Terre Haute, IN; Clarksburg, WV)
Time Warner Cable Wisconsin (Milwaukee & Green Bay)


Texas Region
Time Warner Cable National (non-clustered systems)

East Region[edit]




Time Warner Cable Spectrum.



Northeast Region

Time Warner Cable Albany
Time Warner Cable Buffalo
Time Warner Cable Rochester
Time Warner Cable Central New York / Syracuse
Time Warner Cable New England
Time Warner Cable New York City


Carolinas Region

Time Warner Cable Charlotte
Time Warner Cable Greensboro
Time Warner Cable Eastern Carolina
Time Warner Cable Raleigh
Time Warner Cable South Carolina (Columbia)
Time Warner Cable Fayetteville/Sandhills



Former divisions[edit]
Sold to Comcast

Time Warner Cable Houma
Time Warner Cable Houston
Time Warner Cable Lake City/Live Oak
Time Warner Cable Mid-South (Memphis, TN, AR, and MS)
Time Warner Cable Minnesota
Time Warner Cable Shreveport
Time Warner Cable St. Augustine/Palatka
Time Warner Cable Cape Coral/Naples

Divisions that became Bright House Networks

Time Warner Cable Central Florida[44]
Time Warner Cable Tampa Bay

Rankings[edit]
The American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) ranked Time Warner Cable as one of the least liked companies in terms of customer satisfaction in 2011,[45] 2012,[46] 2013,[7][47] and 2014.[48]
See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Spectrum Sports

References[edit]


^ "Top 25 Multichannel Video Service Customers (2012)". National Cable & Telecommunications Association. Retrieved 2013-01-02. 
^ "Investor Relations Contact Us." Time Warner Cable. Retrieved on March 6, 2010.
^ "Locations". Time Warner Cable. Archived from the original on July 16, 2012. Retrieved July 15, 2012. 
^ Smith, Gerry (June 25, 2015). "Charter Promises Faster, Cheaper Internet to Win Merger Approval". Bloomberg. 
^ a b "So Long Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Much-Maligned Brand". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Glenn Britt timeline" (PDF). 
^ a b Henry, David; Sherman, Alex (June 11, 2014). "Glenn Britt, Who Raised Time Warner Cable Shares, Dies at 65". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 6, 2014. 
^ "Time Warner Cable Spinoff to Finish Next Month". New York Times. February 27, 2009. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner's $9 Billion Cable Spinoff". CBS News. Associated Press. May 21, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2008. 
^ "Time Warner Sets Final Distribution Ratio For Cable Spinoff". Dow Jones (via CNN Money). March 20, 2009. Retrieved March 27, 2009. [dead link]
^ Lasar, Matthew (June 24, 2009). "Is Comcast and TimeWarner's "TV Everywhere" TV for everyone?". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ Cheng, Jacqui (December 15, 2009). "Comcast expands online video to all cable+Internet customers". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ "Analyst: Charter, Time Warner Cable Merger Looks Probable". Fox Business.com. September 11, 2013. Retrieved September 11, 2013. 
^ Flint, Joe; James, Meg (November 22, 2013). "Charter Communications and Comcast may battle for Time Warner Cable". New York Times. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ Baker, Liana B. (February 13, 2014). "CORRECTED-UPDATE 7-Comcast takeover of Time Warner Cable to reshape U.S. pay TV". Reuters. Retrieved 13 February 2014. 
^ "Netflix Says It Opposes Comcast’s Merger Bid". The New York Times. 21 Apr 2014. Retrieved 25 Apr 2014. 
^ "More Than 50 Public Interest Groups Speak Out Against the Comcast-Time Warner Cable Merger". Freepress.net. 8 Apr 2014. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Julian Hattem (24 Mar 2014). "Writers Guild protests Comcast-Time Warner deal". The Hill. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Ira Teinowitz (9 Apr 2014). "Consumer Group Slams Comcast, Time-Warner Deal at New Senate Hearing (Updated)". The Wrap. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ "Comcast/TWC merger may be blocked by Justice Department". Ars Technica. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Comcast / Time Warner Cable / Charter Transactions Terminated – Comcast Press Statement". Comcast. Retrieved 24 April 2015. 
^ Sherman, Alex (25 May 2015). "Charter Near Deal for Time Warner Cable at $195 a Share". Bloomberg News. Retrieved 25 May 2015. 
^ McGrath, Maggie (28 April 2014). "Comcast Strikes Deal With Charter To Divest Nearly 4 Million Subscribers". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2014. 
^ a b Steel, Emily (May 26, 2015). "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Charter introduces Spectrum brand in Southern California". Los Angeles Times. September 20, 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "About Us - Time Warner Cable's Company History and News". 
^ Leichtman Research Group, "Research Notes," First Quarter 2012, pg. 6, Time Warner (#5) with 4,544,000 residential phone lines.
^ "Heavy Reading: Cable Biz Sales to Hit $8.5B | Light Reading". 
^ "Deals widen Bobcats' TV reach". Charlotte.com. April 9, 2008. Retrieved April 16, 2008. 
^ "CNNMoney.com: Time Warner to save on programming costs after Adelphia Deal – Jul, 31. 2006". CNN. July 31, 2006. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Press Release: Time Warner Cable Becomes a Public Company". Timewarner.com. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ Ehling, Jeff (August 2, 2006). "Time-Warner Cable leaving Houston". KTRK-TV. American Broadcasting Company. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Cable buys NaviSite as hosting acquisitions pick up". zdnet.com. February 1, 2011. Retrieved August 21, 2011. 
^ "Lexington, KY local and state news by the Lexington Herald-Leader – Kentucky.com". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Time Warner Cable to acquire Regional Fiber Optic Network Company DukeNet Communications". Retrieved 8 October 2013. 
^ Lawson, Stephen (January 18, 2008). "Time Warner to Try Tiered Cable Pricing". IDG News Service. PC World. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ "Stop TWC – More Info Coming Soon! Please Check Back!". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Stop the Cap!". Stop the Cap!. Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ Massa, Eric. "Congressman Eric Massa calls on Time Warner to eliminate Broadband Internet Cap". Archived from the original on April 9, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ Pearson, Erica (March 17, 2010). "Time Warner apologizes for accidentally showing Playboy previews on kiddie channels in N.C". Daily News. New York. 
^ Davis, Stacy (2010-03-16). "Time Warner apologizes for Playboy-kids channel glitch". WRAL.com. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ [1] Archived February 3, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Time Warner Cable changes name to Bright House". Orlando Business Journal. American City Business Journals. March 7, 2003. 
^ Lubin, Gus; Vivian Giang (2011-06-29). "The 19 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ Spector, Dina; Gus Lubin; Vivian Giang (2012-06-22). "The 15 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ "Benchmarks by Companies: All Companies". American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI). 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (December 31, 2014). "The most unpopular company in America is …". MarketWatch. Retrieved January 25, 2015. 








v
t
e


Charter Communications



Leadership



Thomas M. Rutledge (CEO)





Internet properties



Spectrum Internet





Cable
television
channels




News channels



Austin
Buffalo
Capital Region
Central NY
Florida

Bay News 9
News 13
InfoMás


New York City

NY1
NY1 Noticias
NY1 Rail and Road


North Carolina
Rochester





Sports channels



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet/Deportes LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





Local / Regional



Charter TV3 (Worcester)
Spectrum Community

Maine
Southern California


Spectrum OC16 (Hawaii)













Links to related articles











v
t
e


Liberty Interactive



Liberty Interactive Group



Bodybuilding.com (83%)
BuySeasons
CommerceHub (99%)
Evite
Gifts.com
HSN (34%)
Provide Commerce (ProFlowers)
QVC

Zulily


Right Start





Liberty Ventures Group



Expedia, Inc. (18%)
Interval International (30%)
Tree.com (25%)
TripAdvisor (26%)












v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe












v
t
e


Sports television in the United States



Broadcast
divisions





English




American Sports Network
CBS Sports
ESPN on ABC
Fox Sports
NBC Sports
Turner Sports






Spanish




Azteca
Telemundo Deportes (Telemundo/Universo)
Univision Deportes








National
channels





English




beIN Sports
CBS Sports Network
ESPN

ESPN2


FS1

FS2


NBCSN
Olympic Channel






Spanish




beIN Sports en Español
ESPN Deportes
Fox Deportes
Univision Deportes Network








Specialty
channels





College




Big Ten Network
ESPNU
Fox College Sports
Longhorn Network
Pac-12 Network
SEC Network






Single sport




Cricket TicketO
ESPN College Extra
ESPN Goal Line/Buzzer BeaterP
Fox Soccer PlusP
GOL TV
Golf Channel
In DemandP
MAVTV
MLB Network
MLB Extra InningsO
MLB Strike ZoneP
MLS Direct KickO
NBA League PassO
NBA TV
NFL Network
NFL RedZoneP
NFL Sunday TicketO
NHL Network
NHL Center IceO
Tennis Channel
TVG

TVG2


Willow






Outdoors




Frost Great Outdoors
Outdoor Channel
Pursuit Channel
Sportsman Channel
World Fishing Network






Other




Eleven Sports Network
ESPN Classic
ESPNews
ESPN PPVP
Ride TV








Syndicators



ACC Network (Raycom Sports)
ESPN Events





Broadband



Fox Sports Go
MLB.tv
UFC Fight Pass
WatchESPN (ESPN3)
WWE Network
WWNLive





Video on demand



The Ski Channel
Surf Channel













v
t
e


Regional sports television networks in the United States



AT&T SportsNet



Northwest
Pittsburgh
Rocky Mountain
Southwest
Utah





Fox Sports Networks



Arizona
Detroit
Florida / Sun
Midwest

Indiana
Kansas City


North
Ohio / SportsTime Ohio
Southeast / South

Carolinas
Tennessee


Southwest

Oklahoma
New Orleans


West / Prime Ticket

San Diego


Wisconsin
YES Network





NBC Sports Regional Networks
(Comcast)



Bay Area
California
Chicago
Mid-Atlantic
New England
Northwest

Oregon Sports Network


Philadelphia





Spectrum Sports
(Charter)



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





YurView (Cox)



Arizona
California
Kansas
Las Vegas
Louisiana
New England
Oklahoma
Virginia





Independents



Altitude Sports
Buckeye Cable Sports
BYUtv Sports
Cox Sports TV
FiOS1
Longhorn Network
Mid-Atlantic Sports
Midco Sports
MSG Network

Plus
Western NY


NESN
SportsNet NY
SWX Right Now


















v
t
e


Defunct television sports networks in the United States



National



America One
American Sports Classics
Back9Network
Baseball Network
Big 12 Network
CNN SI
ESPN 3D
Football Network
Fox Soccer
Lorimar Sports Network
Mizlou
NASCAR Hot Pass
NewSport
One World Sports
ONTV
SEC TV
Speed
SportsChannel America
Sports Network
Universal Sports Network





Regional



4SD
Carolinas SE
Cox Sports
Empire
Hawkvision
MountainWest
PASS Sports
Prime
PRISM
Royals Sports
SportsChannel LA
Sportsvision
Sports Time
Victory





Out-of-market



ESPN Full Court
ESPN GamePlan
Mega March Madness











O. Out-of-market sports packages P. Premium channel













 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Time_Warner_Cable&oldid=792249246"					
Categories: Time Warner CableCable television companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Fairfield County, ConnecticutEntertainment companies established in 1973Media companies established in 1973Media companies disestablished in 2016Media companies of the United States1973 establishments in the United States2016 disestablishments in the United StatesCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer Time Warner subsidiariesVoIP companies of the United States2016 acquisitionsCorporate spin-offsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from August 2010Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from June 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from August 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةEspañolفارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaNederlands日本語Simple EnglishSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Time Warner Cable - Wikipedia






















 






Time Warner Cable

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Time Warner Cable Inc.


Time Warner Cable's final logo used until the acquisition with Charter Communications.




Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications
Mass media


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
1973; 44 years ago (1973)


Founder
Time Warner
(merger of Time Inc. & Warner Communications)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Time Warner Center, New York City, New York, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Robert D. Marcus
(Chairman & CEO)


Parent
Warner Communications (1973–1990)
Time Warner (1990-2009) Charter Communications (2016-Present)


Subsidiaries
Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC






Time Warner Center, formerly the headquarters of the company in New York City. It was shared by its namesake, but now unrelated company, Time Warner.






Time Warner Cable building entrance in Morrisville, North Carolina


Time Warner Cable (TWC) was an American cable television company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications in 2016, it was ranked the second largest cable company in the United States by revenue behind only Comcast, operating in 29 states.[1] Its corporate headquarters were located in the Time Warner Center in Midtown Manhattan, New York City,[2] with other corporate offices in Stamford, Connecticut; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Herndon, Virginia.[3]
It was controlled by Warner Communications, then by Time Warner (the film and television production company and cable channel operator). That company spun off the cable operations in March 2009 as part of a larger restructuring. From 2009 to 2016, Time Warner Cable was an entirely independent company, continuing to use the Time Warner name under license from its former parent (including the "Road Runner" name for its Internet service, now Spectrum Internet).
In 2014, the company was the subject of a proposed purchase by Comcast Corporation, valued at $45.2 billion; however, following opposition to the deal by various groups, along with plans by the U.S. government to try to block the merger, Comcast called off the deal in April 2015. On May 26, 2015, Charter Communications announced that it would acquire Time Warner Cable for $78.7 billion, along with Bright House Networks in a separate $10.1 billion deal, pending regulatory approval.[4]
The purchase was completed on May 18, 2016; Charter had continued to do business as Time Warner Cable in its former markets, but has now re-branded these operations under the Spectrum brand in most markets.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Sale


2 Residential services
3 Business services
4 Cable Internet service
5 Naming rights

5.1 Current

5.1.1 Arena


5.2 Former

5.2.1 Fox Cities Stadium




6 Acquisitions

6.1 Adelphia
6.2 NaviSite
6.3 Insight Communications
6.4 DukeNet Communications


7 Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)
8 Venture with Sprint Nextel
9 Controversies

9.1 Bandwidth metering
9.2 Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography


10 Cable clusters
11 Divisions

11.1 West Region
11.2 East Region
11.3 Former divisions


12 Rankings
13 See also
14 References



History[edit]
Time Warner Cable was formed in 1992 by the merger of Time Inc.'s cable television company, American Television and Communications Corp. (service areas that had belonged to that company went under the Time Warner Communications name; since the 1990s, areas that had used that name have either been renamed to Time Warner Cable, Bright House Networks, or have been given to other cable providers), and Warner Cable, a division of Warner Communications, as a result of a merger to form Time Warner; for the two years after the merger, the companies operated separately but under the umbrella name "Time Warner Cable Group" (primarily due to 18% of ATC having been publicly owned at the time); they merged into one entity in 1992. It also includes the remnants of the defunct QUBE interactive TV service. In 1995, the company launched the Southern Tier On-Line Community, a cable modem service later known as Road Runner High Speed Online. That year, talks began that would later result in Warner's acquisition of Paragon Cable. Glenn Britt (1949–2014)[6][7] was the CEO from 2001 until December 2013.
Time Warner retained Time Warner Cable as a subsidiary until March 2009, when it was spun out as an independent company.[8] Prior to the spin-out, Time Warner had held an 84% stake in Time Warner Cable.[9] Non-Time Warner shareholders received 0.083670 shares for each share already owned. This move made Time Warner Cable the largest cable operator in the United States owned solely by a single class of shareholders (without supervoting stock).[10]
Time Warner Cable launched DVR service in the Houston area in 2004. (TWC's Houston-area cable systems are now owned by Comcast.) When first launched, it used Scientific-Atlanta set-top boxes with DVR.
In June 2009, Time Warner Cable unveiled a concept known as "TV Everywhere"—a means of allowing multi-platform access to live and on-demand content to content from television channels that is tied to a user's television subscription.[11][12]
Sale[edit]
Main article: Attempted purchase of Time Warner Cable by Comcast
It was first reported in October 2013 that Time Warner Cable was exploring a sale of the company, possibly to Charter Communications.[13] However, on November 22, 2013, reports surfaced that Comcast expressed interest in acquiring Time Warner Cable. Both companies were said to be placing bids for the company.[14] Charter reiterated its interest in purchasing Time Warner Cable and increased its bid on January 14, 2014. On February 12, 2014, it was reported that Comcast had reached a deal to acquire TWC in an overall deal valued at $45.2 billion, pending regulatory approval.[15]
The proposed merger was met with prominent opposition from various groups, showing concerns that the sheer size of the combined company would reduce competition and would give Comcast an unprecedented level of control over the United States' internet and television industries, increased leverage in the distribution of NBCUniversal content, hamper over-the-top services, and lead to higher prices for its services.[16][17][18][19] In April 2015, it was reported that the U.S. Department of Justice was preparing to file an antitrust lawsuit against the companies in a bid to halt the merger, primarily because the merged company would have controlled 57 percent of the nation's broadband capacity. On April 24, 2015, Comcast officially announced that it had called off the merger.[20][21]
On May 25, 2015, Bloomberg News reported that Charter was "near" a deal to acquire TWC for $195 a share.[22] Charter had been involved in the Comcast/TWC merger, as the companies planned to divest around 4 million subscribers to Charter in order to reduce the combined company's market share to an acceptable level.[23] The next day, Charter officially announced its intent to acquire Time Warner Cable in a deal valued at $78.7 billion, and confirmed that it would also continue with its proposed, $10.1 billion acquisition of Bright House Networks. The deal was subject to regulatory approval, although due to the relatively smaller size of the companies and their media holdings, the deal was expected to face less resistance than the Comcast/TWC merger.[24]
The acquisition was completed on May 18, 2016. The Time Warner Cable brand was phased out in favor of Spectrum, the brand used by Charter to market its services.[25][5][26]
Residential services[edit]
As of second quarter 2009, there were 14.6 million basic cable subscribers, 8.8 million Digital cable subscribers, 8.7 million Road Runner residential subscribers, 2.5 million DVR subscribers,[27] and 4.5 million residential Digital Phone subscribers, which makes it the fifth-largest landline phone provider in the United States.[28]
Business services[edit]
As of 2013, Time Warner Cable's business division had the second largest business-facing enterprise by revenue (of cable providers who offer business services), with $1.7 billion in revenue as of the third quarter of 2013. Total revenue for 2012 was $1.9 billion.[29]
Cable Internet service[edit]
Main article: Spectrum Internet
Naming rights[edit]
Current[edit]
Arena[edit]
Spectrum Center, formerly Time Warner Cable Arena, is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, the home of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets. In April 2008, the then-Bobcats reached a naming rights deal with Time Warner Cable, the Charlotte area's major cable television provider; the arena was named for the cable provider in exchange for the release of the team's television rights, which had been on the TWC co-owned Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television for its first season, which failed to find much cable coverage in the Charlotte market outside of Time Warner systems and went dark after a year, and then News 14 Carolina which was limited to only the North Carolina side of the market, until the arena naming rights deal was made. The team moved to the new Fox Sports South sub-feed Fox Sports Carolinas and SportSouth (now Fox Sports Southeast) with the 2008-09 season, allowing coverage through both the Carolinas.[30] Shortly after being acquired by Charter, the arena was renamed to Spectrum Center.
Former[edit]
Fox Cities Stadium[edit]
Main article: Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium
On March 9, 2007, Time Warner Cable, which provides service to the northeastern Wisconsin area, signed a 10-year naming rights deal. The field is home of the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers, a local minor league baseball team of the Midwest League and affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers, based in Grand Chute, a suburb of Appleton. The team and Time Warner Cable mutually agreed to end the rights deal after the 2013 season, and the venue is now known as Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium, named for a local neurology practice.
Acquisitions[edit]
Adelphia[edit]
On July 31, 2007, Time Warner Cable and Comcast completed a deal to purchase practically all of Adelphia's assets for $17 billion.[31] Time Warner Cable gained 3.3 million of Adelphia's subscribers, a 29 percent increase, while Comcast gained almost 1.7 million subscribers. Adelphia stockholders received 16% of Time Warner Cable. Time Warner Cable went public effective February 13, 2007, and the company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 1, 2007.[32]
In addition to Adelphia's coverage being divided up, Time Warner Cable and Comcast also agreed to exchange some of their own subscribers in order to consolidate key regions. An example of this is the Los Angeles market, which was mostly covered by Comcast and Adelphia (and some areas of the region already served by TWC), is now under Time Warner Cable. Philadelphia had been split between Time Warner and Comcast, with the majority of cable subscribers belonging to Comcast. Time Warner subscribers in Philadelphia were swapped with Comcast in early 2007. Similarly, the Houston area, which was under Time Warner, was swapped to Comcast, while the Dallas metro area was changed to Time Warner (RR).[33] In the Twin Cities, Minneapolis was Time Warner and Saint Paul was Comcast. That whole market is now Comcast.
NaviSite[edit]
Time Warner Cable purchased NaviSite (NAVI), a company providing cloud and hosting services, on February 1, 2011 for $230 million, roughly equating to $5.50 per share.[34]
Insight Communications[edit]
On August 13, 2011, Time Warner Cable announced its purchase of Insight Communications for $3 billion acquiring Insight's 760,000 subscribers nationwide. The merger was completed February 29, 2012, and as of June 2013 all of Insight Communications was absorbed into Time Warner Cable.[35]
DukeNet Communications[edit]
On October 7, 2013, Time Warner Cable announced that it has agreed to acquire DukeNet Communications LLC for $600 million. DukeNet provides data and high-capacity bandwidth services to wireless carrier, data center, government, and enterprise customers in the Southeast.[36]
Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)[edit]
Some of the regional cable system clusters operated by Time Warner Cable are owned by the Time Warner Entertainment – Advance/Newhouse Partnership (TWEAN). In 2002, Advance/Newhouse Communications, unhappy with some of the operating policies of Time Warner Cable in the AOL Time Warner era, forced a restructuring of the TWEAN partnership such that Advance/Newhouse would actively manage and operate a portion of the jointly owned cable systems equal to their percentage of equity. Under this arrangement, Advance/Newhouse enjoys the proceeds of their actively managed systems rather than simply a percentage of the partnership's total earnings. The majority of the affected systems are in the Tampa and Orlando markets under the Bright House Networks brand.
The value of this deal is that it allows Advance/Newhouse to more directly control their cable investments without having to completely unravel the TWEAN partnership, which does bring some benefits via Time Warner's development and purchasing clout.
The transactions proposed by Charter were approved, TWC and Bright House Networks have been absorbed into Charter.[24]
Venture with Sprint Nextel[edit]
In late 2005, TWC and several other cable companies formed a venture with Sprint Nextel. This joint venture enables TWC customers to receive a full suite of products, linking in-home and out-of-home entertainment, information, and communications services. All of this was included in the new "Triple Play on the Go", similar to the Triple Play[discuss] but an addition of new services through Sprint Nextel.
Controversies[edit]
Bandwidth metering[edit]
In Beaumont, Texas, during 2008, Time Warner Cable began testing tier-based metered data plans that effectively placed customers into a pricing hierarchy based on the amount of data that they used, [clarification needed].[37] In 2009, Time Warner Cable announced that additional cities including Rochester, New York will become additional test sites. In particular in Rochester groups have formed to stop TWC. Several groups including Stop TWC[38] and Stop The Cap[39] are currently working to oppose these efforts. On April 7, 2009, then US Congressman Eric Massa called on Time Warner to eliminate its broadband Internet cap.[40]
Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography[edit]
On March 16, 2010, Time Warner Cable's transmission of their Kids on Demand and Kids Pre-School on Demand channels on systems in eastern North Carolina was interrupted by programming from the adult pay television channel Playboy TV for approximately two hours between 6:15 a.m. and 8:15 a.m./EDT, in which a group of nude women talked and posed in a sexually suggestive manner.[41] This accidental display affected Time Warner's digital cable subscribers in four towns in the system's eastern North Carolina cluster, while other areas displayed a black screen. A Time Warner spokesperson said in a statement to Raleigh CBS affiliate WRAL, "It was a technical malfunction that caused the wrong previews to be shown on our kids' on-demand channels. Unfortunately it hit at the worst possible time on the worst possible channels."[42] A Time Warner executive said normal monitoring procedures did not take effect because the glitch affected only a few areas. Customers were told to pay the small fee, and that their next bill would be reduced. [43]
Cable clusters[edit]




Time Warner Cable ident used until 2010. Remained in use on its "Business Class" division.



West Coast cluster

California – Barstow, Desert Cities, Orange County, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, San Diego
Hawaii (operating as Oceanic Time Warner Cable)


Midwest cluster

Kansas – Kansas City, Overland Park, Olathe, Shawnee
Missouri – Kansas City, Independence, Lee's Summit
Nebraska
Ohio – Akron, Bowling Green/North Baltimore, Canton, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dayton, Findlay/Lima, and Youngstown
Kentucky – Lexington, Louisville, Northern Kentucky, Ashland
Pennsylvania – Erie County, Sharon, Franklin
Wisconsin – Green Bay and Milwaukee


Northeast cluster

Maine
New Hampshire – Berlin, Keene
Massachusetts – Athol, Pittsfield
Upstate New York


The Carolinas cluster

North Carolina – Charlotte, Raleigh, Greensboro, and Wilmington
South Carolina – Columbia, Sumter, Florence, Summerville, Hilton Head and Myrtle Beach.


New York cluster

New Jersey – Bergen County, Hudson County
New York – New York City (Manhattan, Queens, Staten Island, most of western Brooklyn); Mount Vernon (Westchester County, rest of county is Cablevision)


Texas cluster

Texas – Arlington, Austin, Beaumont/Port Arthur, Corpus Christi, Dallas, El Paso, Harlingen, Killeen/Temple, Laredo, Rio Grande Valley, San Antonio, Waco, and Wichita Falls

coincidentally, the Irving-Grapevine-Coppell-Lewisville cluster had been under Time Warner Cable's control upon acquisition of Paragon Cable. This was prior to AT&T Broadband's full absorption of that cluster.




Not in a cluster (National)

Alabama – Dothan, Enterprise
Arizona – Yuma
California – El Centro
Colorado – Gunnison, Telluride
Idaho – Coeur d'Alene, Moscow
Indiana – Terre Haute
Virginia
Washington – Pullman
West Virginia – Clarksburg



Divisions[edit]
Time Warner Cable's divisions, from official website:
West Region[edit]




Former logo for "Oceanic Time Warner Cable" division



PAC West Region

Oceanic Time Warner Cable (Hawaii)
Time Warner Cable Desert Cities
Time Warner Cable San Diego
Time Warner Cable Southern California (SoCal)


Midwest Region

Time Warner Cable Kansas City
Time Warner Cable Nebraska
Time Warner Cable Northeast Ohio & Western Pennsylvania (Akron, Canton, Cleveland & Youngstown; Erie County & Sharon, PA)
Time Warner Cable Mid-Ohio (Columbus)
Time Warner Cable Southwest Ohio (Dayton; Cincinnati; Lexington, KY; Louisville, KY; Terre Haute, IN; Clarksburg, WV)
Time Warner Cable Wisconsin (Milwaukee & Green Bay)


Texas Region
Time Warner Cable National (non-clustered systems)

East Region[edit]




Time Warner Cable Spectrum.



Northeast Region

Time Warner Cable Albany
Time Warner Cable Buffalo
Time Warner Cable Rochester
Time Warner Cable Central New York / Syracuse
Time Warner Cable New England
Time Warner Cable New York City


Carolinas Region

Time Warner Cable Charlotte
Time Warner Cable Greensboro
Time Warner Cable Eastern Carolina
Time Warner Cable Raleigh
Time Warner Cable South Carolina (Columbia)
Time Warner Cable Fayetteville/Sandhills



Former divisions[edit]
Sold to Comcast

Time Warner Cable Houma
Time Warner Cable Houston
Time Warner Cable Lake City/Live Oak
Time Warner Cable Mid-South (Memphis, TN, AR, and MS)
Time Warner Cable Minnesota
Time Warner Cable Shreveport
Time Warner Cable St. Augustine/Palatka
Time Warner Cable Cape Coral/Naples

Divisions that became Bright House Networks

Time Warner Cable Central Florida[44]
Time Warner Cable Tampa Bay

Rankings[edit]
The American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) ranked Time Warner Cable as one of the least liked companies in terms of customer satisfaction in 2011,[45] 2012,[46] 2013,[7][47] and 2014.[48]
See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Spectrum Sports

References[edit]


^ "Top 25 Multichannel Video Service Customers (2012)". National Cable & Telecommunications Association. Retrieved 2013-01-02. 
^ "Investor Relations Contact Us." Time Warner Cable. Retrieved on March 6, 2010.
^ "Locations". Time Warner Cable. Archived from the original on July 16, 2012. Retrieved July 15, 2012. 
^ Smith, Gerry (June 25, 2015). "Charter Promises Faster, Cheaper Internet to Win Merger Approval". Bloomberg. 
^ a b "So Long Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Much-Maligned Brand". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Glenn Britt timeline" (PDF). 
^ a b Henry, David; Sherman, Alex (June 11, 2014). "Glenn Britt, Who Raised Time Warner Cable Shares, Dies at 65". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 6, 2014. 
^ "Time Warner Cable Spinoff to Finish Next Month". New York Times. February 27, 2009. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner's $9 Billion Cable Spinoff". CBS News. Associated Press. May 21, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2008. 
^ "Time Warner Sets Final Distribution Ratio For Cable Spinoff". Dow Jones (via CNN Money). March 20, 2009. Retrieved March 27, 2009. [dead link]
^ Lasar, Matthew (June 24, 2009). "Is Comcast and TimeWarner's "TV Everywhere" TV for everyone?". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ Cheng, Jacqui (December 15, 2009). "Comcast expands online video to all cable+Internet customers". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ "Analyst: Charter, Time Warner Cable Merger Looks Probable". Fox Business.com. September 11, 2013. Retrieved September 11, 2013. 
^ Flint, Joe; James, Meg (November 22, 2013). "Charter Communications and Comcast may battle for Time Warner Cable". New York Times. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ Baker, Liana B. (February 13, 2014). "CORRECTED-UPDATE 7-Comcast takeover of Time Warner Cable to reshape U.S. pay TV". Reuters. Retrieved 13 February 2014. 
^ "Netflix Says It Opposes Comcast’s Merger Bid". The New York Times. 21 Apr 2014. Retrieved 25 Apr 2014. 
^ "More Than 50 Public Interest Groups Speak Out Against the Comcast-Time Warner Cable Merger". Freepress.net. 8 Apr 2014. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Julian Hattem (24 Mar 2014). "Writers Guild protests Comcast-Time Warner deal". The Hill. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Ira Teinowitz (9 Apr 2014). "Consumer Group Slams Comcast, Time-Warner Deal at New Senate Hearing (Updated)". The Wrap. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ "Comcast/TWC merger may be blocked by Justice Department". Ars Technica. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Comcast / Time Warner Cable / Charter Transactions Terminated – Comcast Press Statement". Comcast. Retrieved 24 April 2015. 
^ Sherman, Alex (25 May 2015). "Charter Near Deal for Time Warner Cable at $195 a Share". Bloomberg News. Retrieved 25 May 2015. 
^ McGrath, Maggie (28 April 2014). "Comcast Strikes Deal With Charter To Divest Nearly 4 Million Subscribers". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2014. 
^ a b Steel, Emily (May 26, 2015). "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Charter introduces Spectrum brand in Southern California". Los Angeles Times. September 20, 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "About Us - Time Warner Cable's Company History and News". 
^ Leichtman Research Group, "Research Notes," First Quarter 2012, pg. 6, Time Warner (#5) with 4,544,000 residential phone lines.
^ "Heavy Reading: Cable Biz Sales to Hit $8.5B | Light Reading". 
^ "Deals widen Bobcats' TV reach". Charlotte.com. April 9, 2008. Retrieved April 16, 2008. 
^ "CNNMoney.com: Time Warner to save on programming costs after Adelphia Deal – Jul, 31. 2006". CNN. July 31, 2006. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Press Release: Time Warner Cable Becomes a Public Company". Timewarner.com. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ Ehling, Jeff (August 2, 2006). "Time-Warner Cable leaving Houston". KTRK-TV. American Broadcasting Company. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Cable buys NaviSite as hosting acquisitions pick up". zdnet.com. February 1, 2011. Retrieved August 21, 2011. 
^ "Lexington, KY local and state news by the Lexington Herald-Leader – Kentucky.com". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Time Warner Cable to acquire Regional Fiber Optic Network Company DukeNet Communications". Retrieved 8 October 2013. 
^ Lawson, Stephen (January 18, 2008). "Time Warner to Try Tiered Cable Pricing". IDG News Service. PC World. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ "Stop TWC – More Info Coming Soon! Please Check Back!". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Stop the Cap!". Stop the Cap!. Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ Massa, Eric. "Congressman Eric Massa calls on Time Warner to eliminate Broadband Internet Cap". Archived from the original on April 9, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ Pearson, Erica (March 17, 2010). "Time Warner apologizes for accidentally showing Playboy previews on kiddie channels in N.C". Daily News. New York. 
^ Davis, Stacy (2010-03-16). "Time Warner apologizes for Playboy-kids channel glitch". WRAL.com. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ [1] Archived February 3, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Time Warner Cable changes name to Bright House". Orlando Business Journal. American City Business Journals. March 7, 2003. 
^ Lubin, Gus; Vivian Giang (2011-06-29). "The 19 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ Spector, Dina; Gus Lubin; Vivian Giang (2012-06-22). "The 15 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ "Benchmarks by Companies: All Companies". American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI). 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (December 31, 2014). "The most unpopular company in America is …". MarketWatch. Retrieved January 25, 2015. 








v
t
e


Charter Communications



Leadership



Thomas M. Rutledge (CEO)





Internet properties



Spectrum Internet





Cable
television
channels




News channels



Austin
Buffalo
Capital Region
Central NY
Florida

Bay News 9
News 13
InfoMás


New York City

NY1
NY1 Noticias
NY1 Rail and Road


North Carolina
Rochester





Sports channels



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet/Deportes LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





Local / Regional



Charter TV3 (Worcester)
Spectrum Community

Maine
Southern California


Spectrum OC16 (Hawaii)













Links to related articles











v
t
e


Liberty Interactive



Liberty Interactive Group



Bodybuilding.com (83%)
BuySeasons
CommerceHub (99%)
Evite
Gifts.com
HSN (34%)
Provide Commerce (ProFlowers)
QVC

Zulily


Right Start





Liberty Ventures Group



Expedia, Inc. (18%)
Interval International (30%)
Tree.com (25%)
TripAdvisor (26%)












v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe












v
t
e


Sports television in the United States



Broadcast
divisions





English




American Sports Network
CBS Sports
ESPN on ABC
Fox Sports
NBC Sports
Turner Sports






Spanish




Azteca
Telemundo Deportes (Telemundo/Universo)
Univision Deportes








National
channels





English




beIN Sports
CBS Sports Network
ESPN

ESPN2


FS1

FS2


NBCSN
Olympic Channel






Spanish




beIN Sports en Español
ESPN Deportes
Fox Deportes
Univision Deportes Network








Specialty
channels





College




Big Ten Network
ESPNU
Fox College Sports
Longhorn Network
Pac-12 Network
SEC Network






Single sport




Cricket TicketO
ESPN College Extra
ESPN Goal Line/Buzzer BeaterP
Fox Soccer PlusP
GOL TV
Golf Channel
In DemandP
MAVTV
MLB Network
MLB Extra InningsO
MLB Strike ZoneP
MLS Direct KickO
NBA League PassO
NBA TV
NFL Network
NFL RedZoneP
NFL Sunday TicketO
NHL Network
NHL Center IceO
Tennis Channel
TVG

TVG2


Willow






Outdoors




Frost Great Outdoors
Outdoor Channel
Pursuit Channel
Sportsman Channel
World Fishing Network






Other




Eleven Sports Network
ESPN Classic
ESPNews
ESPN PPVP
Ride TV








Syndicators



ACC Network (Raycom Sports)
ESPN Events





Broadband



Fox Sports Go
MLB.tv
UFC Fight Pass
WatchESPN (ESPN3)
WWE Network
WWNLive





Video on demand



The Ski Channel
Surf Channel













v
t
e


Regional sports television networks in the United States



AT&T SportsNet



Northwest
Pittsburgh
Rocky Mountain
Southwest
Utah





Fox Sports Networks



Arizona
Detroit
Florida / Sun
Midwest

Indiana
Kansas City


North
Ohio / SportsTime Ohio
Southeast / South

Carolinas
Tennessee


Southwest

Oklahoma
New Orleans


West / Prime Ticket

San Diego


Wisconsin
YES Network





NBC Sports Regional Networks
(Comcast)



Bay Area
California
Chicago
Mid-Atlantic
New England
Northwest

Oregon Sports Network


Philadelphia





Spectrum Sports
(Charter)



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





YurView (Cox)



Arizona
California
Kansas
Las Vegas
Louisiana
New England
Oklahoma
Virginia





Independents



Altitude Sports
Buckeye Cable Sports
BYUtv Sports
Cox Sports TV
FiOS1
Longhorn Network
Mid-Atlantic Sports
Midco Sports
MSG Network

Plus
Western NY


NESN
SportsNet NY
SWX Right Now


















v
t
e


Defunct television sports networks in the United States



National



America One
American Sports Classics
Back9Network
Baseball Network
Big 12 Network
CNN SI
ESPN 3D
Football Network
Fox Soccer
Lorimar Sports Network
Mizlou
NASCAR Hot Pass
NewSport
One World Sports
ONTV
SEC TV
Speed
SportsChannel America
Sports Network
Universal Sports Network





Regional



4SD
Carolinas SE
Cox Sports
Empire
Hawkvision
MountainWest
PASS Sports
Prime
PRISM
Royals Sports
SportsChannel LA
Sportsvision
Sports Time
Victory





Out-of-market



ESPN Full Court
ESPN GamePlan
Mega March Madness











O. Out-of-market sports packages P. Premium channel













 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Time_Warner_Cable&oldid=792249246"					
Categories: Time Warner CableCable television companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Fairfield County, ConnecticutEntertainment companies established in 1973Media companies established in 1973Media companies disestablished in 2016Media companies of the United States1973 establishments in the United States2016 disestablishments in the United StatesCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer Time Warner subsidiariesVoIP companies of the United States2016 acquisitionsCorporate spin-offsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from August 2010Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from June 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from August 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةEspañolفارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaNederlands日本語Simple EnglishSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Time Warner Cable - Wikipedia






















 






Time Warner Cable

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Time Warner Cable Inc.


Time Warner Cable's final logo used until the acquisition with Charter Communications.




Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications
Mass media


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
1973; 44 years ago (1973)


Founder
Time Warner
(merger of Time Inc. & Warner Communications)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Time Warner Center, New York City, New York, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Robert D. Marcus
(Chairman & CEO)


Parent
Warner Communications (1973–1990)
Time Warner (1990-2009) Charter Communications (2016-Present)


Subsidiaries
Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC






Time Warner Center, formerly the headquarters of the company in New York City. It was shared by its namesake, but now unrelated company, Time Warner.






Time Warner Cable building entrance in Morrisville, North Carolina


Time Warner Cable (TWC) was an American cable television company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications in 2016, it was ranked the second largest cable company in the United States by revenue behind only Comcast, operating in 29 states.[1] Its corporate headquarters were located in the Time Warner Center in Midtown Manhattan, New York City,[2] with other corporate offices in Stamford, Connecticut; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Herndon, Virginia.[3]
It was controlled by Warner Communications, then by Time Warner (the film and television production company and cable channel operator). That company spun off the cable operations in March 2009 as part of a larger restructuring. From 2009 to 2016, Time Warner Cable was an entirely independent company, continuing to use the Time Warner name under license from its former parent (including the "Road Runner" name for its Internet service, now Spectrum Internet).
In 2014, the company was the subject of a proposed purchase by Comcast Corporation, valued at $45.2 billion; however, following opposition to the deal by various groups, along with plans by the U.S. government to try to block the merger, Comcast called off the deal in April 2015. On May 26, 2015, Charter Communications announced that it would acquire Time Warner Cable for $78.7 billion, along with Bright House Networks in a separate $10.1 billion deal, pending regulatory approval.[4]
The purchase was completed on May 18, 2016; Charter had continued to do business as Time Warner Cable in its former markets, but has now re-branded these operations under the Spectrum brand in most markets.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Sale


2 Residential services
3 Business services
4 Cable Internet service
5 Naming rights

5.1 Current

5.1.1 Arena


5.2 Former

5.2.1 Fox Cities Stadium




6 Acquisitions

6.1 Adelphia
6.2 NaviSite
6.3 Insight Communications
6.4 DukeNet Communications


7 Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)
8 Venture with Sprint Nextel
9 Controversies

9.1 Bandwidth metering
9.2 Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography


10 Cable clusters
11 Divisions

11.1 West Region
11.2 East Region
11.3 Former divisions


12 Rankings
13 See also
14 References



History[edit]
Time Warner Cable was formed in 1992 by the merger of Time Inc.'s cable television company, American Television and Communications Corp. (service areas that had belonged to that company went under the Time Warner Communications name; since the 1990s, areas that had used that name have either been renamed to Time Warner Cable, Bright House Networks, or have been given to other cable providers), and Warner Cable, a division of Warner Communications, as a result of a merger to form Time Warner; for the two years after the merger, the companies operated separately but under the umbrella name "Time Warner Cable Group" (primarily due to 18% of ATC having been publicly owned at the time); they merged into one entity in 1992. It also includes the remnants of the defunct QUBE interactive TV service. In 1995, the company launched the Southern Tier On-Line Community, a cable modem service later known as Road Runner High Speed Online. That year, talks began that would later result in Warner's acquisition of Paragon Cable. Glenn Britt (1949–2014)[6][7] was the CEO from 2001 until December 2013.
Time Warner retained Time Warner Cable as a subsidiary until March 2009, when it was spun out as an independent company.[8] Prior to the spin-out, Time Warner had held an 84% stake in Time Warner Cable.[9] Non-Time Warner shareholders received 0.083670 shares for each share already owned. This move made Time Warner Cable the largest cable operator in the United States owned solely by a single class of shareholders (without supervoting stock).[10]
Time Warner Cable launched DVR service in the Houston area in 2004. (TWC's Houston-area cable systems are now owned by Comcast.) When first launched, it used Scientific-Atlanta set-top boxes with DVR.
In June 2009, Time Warner Cable unveiled a concept known as "TV Everywhere"—a means of allowing multi-platform access to live and on-demand content to content from television channels that is tied to a user's television subscription.[11][12]
Sale[edit]
Main article: Attempted purchase of Time Warner Cable by Comcast
It was first reported in October 2013 that Time Warner Cable was exploring a sale of the company, possibly to Charter Communications.[13] However, on November 22, 2013, reports surfaced that Comcast expressed interest in acquiring Time Warner Cable. Both companies were said to be placing bids for the company.[14] Charter reiterated its interest in purchasing Time Warner Cable and increased its bid on January 14, 2014. On February 12, 2014, it was reported that Comcast had reached a deal to acquire TWC in an overall deal valued at $45.2 billion, pending regulatory approval.[15]
The proposed merger was met with prominent opposition from various groups, showing concerns that the sheer size of the combined company would reduce competition and would give Comcast an unprecedented level of control over the United States' internet and television industries, increased leverage in the distribution of NBCUniversal content, hamper over-the-top services, and lead to higher prices for its services.[16][17][18][19] In April 2015, it was reported that the U.S. Department of Justice was preparing to file an antitrust lawsuit against the companies in a bid to halt the merger, primarily because the merged company would have controlled 57 percent of the nation's broadband capacity. On April 24, 2015, Comcast officially announced that it had called off the merger.[20][21]
On May 25, 2015, Bloomberg News reported that Charter was "near" a deal to acquire TWC for $195 a share.[22] Charter had been involved in the Comcast/TWC merger, as the companies planned to divest around 4 million subscribers to Charter in order to reduce the combined company's market share to an acceptable level.[23] The next day, Charter officially announced its intent to acquire Time Warner Cable in a deal valued at $78.7 billion, and confirmed that it would also continue with its proposed, $10.1 billion acquisition of Bright House Networks. The deal was subject to regulatory approval, although due to the relatively smaller size of the companies and their media holdings, the deal was expected to face less resistance than the Comcast/TWC merger.[24]
The acquisition was completed on May 18, 2016. The Time Warner Cable brand was phased out in favor of Spectrum, the brand used by Charter to market its services.[25][5][26]
Residential services[edit]
As of second quarter 2009, there were 14.6 million basic cable subscribers, 8.8 million Digital cable subscribers, 8.7 million Road Runner residential subscribers, 2.5 million DVR subscribers,[27] and 4.5 million residential Digital Phone subscribers, which makes it the fifth-largest landline phone provider in the United States.[28]
Business services[edit]
As of 2013, Time Warner Cable's business division had the second largest business-facing enterprise by revenue (of cable providers who offer business services), with $1.7 billion in revenue as of the third quarter of 2013. Total revenue for 2012 was $1.9 billion.[29]
Cable Internet service[edit]
Main article: Spectrum Internet
Naming rights[edit]
Current[edit]
Arena[edit]
Spectrum Center, formerly Time Warner Cable Arena, is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, the home of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets. In April 2008, the then-Bobcats reached a naming rights deal with Time Warner Cable, the Charlotte area's major cable television provider; the arena was named for the cable provider in exchange for the release of the team's television rights, which had been on the TWC co-owned Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television for its first season, which failed to find much cable coverage in the Charlotte market outside of Time Warner systems and went dark after a year, and then News 14 Carolina which was limited to only the North Carolina side of the market, until the arena naming rights deal was made. The team moved to the new Fox Sports South sub-feed Fox Sports Carolinas and SportSouth (now Fox Sports Southeast) with the 2008-09 season, allowing coverage through both the Carolinas.[30] Shortly after being acquired by Charter, the arena was renamed to Spectrum Center.
Former[edit]
Fox Cities Stadium[edit]
Main article: Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium
On March 9, 2007, Time Warner Cable, which provides service to the northeastern Wisconsin area, signed a 10-year naming rights deal. The field is home of the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers, a local minor league baseball team of the Midwest League and affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers, based in Grand Chute, a suburb of Appleton. The team and Time Warner Cable mutually agreed to end the rights deal after the 2013 season, and the venue is now known as Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium, named for a local neurology practice.
Acquisitions[edit]
Adelphia[edit]
On July 31, 2007, Time Warner Cable and Comcast completed a deal to purchase practically all of Adelphia's assets for $17 billion.[31] Time Warner Cable gained 3.3 million of Adelphia's subscribers, a 29 percent increase, while Comcast gained almost 1.7 million subscribers. Adelphia stockholders received 16% of Time Warner Cable. Time Warner Cable went public effective February 13, 2007, and the company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 1, 2007.[32]
In addition to Adelphia's coverage being divided up, Time Warner Cable and Comcast also agreed to exchange some of their own subscribers in order to consolidate key regions. An example of this is the Los Angeles market, which was mostly covered by Comcast and Adelphia (and some areas of the region already served by TWC), is now under Time Warner Cable. Philadelphia had been split between Time Warner and Comcast, with the majority of cable subscribers belonging to Comcast. Time Warner subscribers in Philadelphia were swapped with Comcast in early 2007. Similarly, the Houston area, which was under Time Warner, was swapped to Comcast, while the Dallas metro area was changed to Time Warner (RR).[33] In the Twin Cities, Minneapolis was Time Warner and Saint Paul was Comcast. That whole market is now Comcast.
NaviSite[edit]
Time Warner Cable purchased NaviSite (NAVI), a company providing cloud and hosting services, on February 1, 2011 for $230 million, roughly equating to $5.50 per share.[34]
Insight Communications[edit]
On August 13, 2011, Time Warner Cable announced its purchase of Insight Communications for $3 billion acquiring Insight's 760,000 subscribers nationwide. The merger was completed February 29, 2012, and as of June 2013 all of Insight Communications was absorbed into Time Warner Cable.[35]
DukeNet Communications[edit]
On October 7, 2013, Time Warner Cable announced that it has agreed to acquire DukeNet Communications LLC for $600 million. DukeNet provides data and high-capacity bandwidth services to wireless carrier, data center, government, and enterprise customers in the Southeast.[36]
Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)[edit]
Some of the regional cable system clusters operated by Time Warner Cable are owned by the Time Warner Entertainment – Advance/Newhouse Partnership (TWEAN). In 2002, Advance/Newhouse Communications, unhappy with some of the operating policies of Time Warner Cable in the AOL Time Warner era, forced a restructuring of the TWEAN partnership such that Advance/Newhouse would actively manage and operate a portion of the jointly owned cable systems equal to their percentage of equity. Under this arrangement, Advance/Newhouse enjoys the proceeds of their actively managed systems rather than simply a percentage of the partnership's total earnings. The majority of the affected systems are in the Tampa and Orlando markets under the Bright House Networks brand.
The value of this deal is that it allows Advance/Newhouse to more directly control their cable investments without having to completely unravel the TWEAN partnership, which does bring some benefits via Time Warner's development and purchasing clout.
The transactions proposed by Charter were approved, TWC and Bright House Networks have been absorbed into Charter.[24]
Venture with Sprint Nextel[edit]
In late 2005, TWC and several other cable companies formed a venture with Sprint Nextel. This joint venture enables TWC customers to receive a full suite of products, linking in-home and out-of-home entertainment, information, and communications services. All of this was included in the new "Triple Play on the Go", similar to the Triple Play[discuss] but an addition of new services through Sprint Nextel.
Controversies[edit]
Bandwidth metering[edit]
In Beaumont, Texas, during 2008, Time Warner Cable began testing tier-based metered data plans that effectively placed customers into a pricing hierarchy based on the amount of data that they used, [clarification needed].[37] In 2009, Time Warner Cable announced that additional cities including Rochester, New York will become additional test sites. In particular in Rochester groups have formed to stop TWC. Several groups including Stop TWC[38] and Stop The Cap[39] are currently working to oppose these efforts. On April 7, 2009, then US Congressman Eric Massa called on Time Warner to eliminate its broadband Internet cap.[40]
Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography[edit]
On March 16, 2010, Time Warner Cable's transmission of their Kids on Demand and Kids Pre-School on Demand channels on systems in eastern North Carolina was interrupted by programming from the adult pay television channel Playboy TV for approximately two hours between 6:15 a.m. and 8:15 a.m./EDT, in which a group of nude women talked and posed in a sexually suggestive manner.[41] This accidental display affected Time Warner's digital cable subscribers in four towns in the system's eastern North Carolina cluster, while other areas displayed a black screen. A Time Warner spokesperson said in a statement to Raleigh CBS affiliate WRAL, "It was a technical malfunction that caused the wrong previews to be shown on our kids' on-demand channels. Unfortunately it hit at the worst possible time on the worst possible channels."[42] A Time Warner executive said normal monitoring procedures did not take effect because the glitch affected only a few areas. Customers were told to pay the small fee, and that their next bill would be reduced. [43]
Cable clusters[edit]




Time Warner Cable ident used until 2010. Remained in use on its "Business Class" division.



West Coast cluster

California – Barstow, Desert Cities, Orange County, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, San Diego
Hawaii (operating as Oceanic Time Warner Cable)


Midwest cluster

Kansas – Kansas City, Overland Park, Olathe, Shawnee
Missouri – Kansas City, Independence, Lee's Summit
Nebraska
Ohio – Akron, Bowling Green/North Baltimore, Canton, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dayton, Findlay/Lima, and Youngstown
Kentucky – Lexington, Louisville, Northern Kentucky, Ashland
Pennsylvania – Erie County, Sharon, Franklin
Wisconsin – Green Bay and Milwaukee


Northeast cluster

Maine
New Hampshire – Berlin, Keene
Massachusetts – Athol, Pittsfield
Upstate New York


The Carolinas cluster

North Carolina – Charlotte, Raleigh, Greensboro, and Wilmington
South Carolina – Columbia, Sumter, Florence, Summerville, Hilton Head and Myrtle Beach.


New York cluster

New Jersey – Bergen County, Hudson County
New York – New York City (Manhattan, Queens, Staten Island, most of western Brooklyn); Mount Vernon (Westchester County, rest of county is Cablevision)


Texas cluster

Texas – Arlington, Austin, Beaumont/Port Arthur, Corpus Christi, Dallas, El Paso, Harlingen, Killeen/Temple, Laredo, Rio Grande Valley, San Antonio, Waco, and Wichita Falls

coincidentally, the Irving-Grapevine-Coppell-Lewisville cluster had been under Time Warner Cable's control upon acquisition of Paragon Cable. This was prior to AT&T Broadband's full absorption of that cluster.




Not in a cluster (National)

Alabama – Dothan, Enterprise
Arizona – Yuma
California – El Centro
Colorado – Gunnison, Telluride
Idaho – Coeur d'Alene, Moscow
Indiana – Terre Haute
Virginia
Washington – Pullman
West Virginia – Clarksburg



Divisions[edit]
Time Warner Cable's divisions, from official website:
West Region[edit]




Former logo for "Oceanic Time Warner Cable" division



PAC West Region

Oceanic Time Warner Cable (Hawaii)
Time Warner Cable Desert Cities
Time Warner Cable San Diego
Time Warner Cable Southern California (SoCal)


Midwest Region

Time Warner Cable Kansas City
Time Warner Cable Nebraska
Time Warner Cable Northeast Ohio & Western Pennsylvania (Akron, Canton, Cleveland & Youngstown; Erie County & Sharon, PA)
Time Warner Cable Mid-Ohio (Columbus)
Time Warner Cable Southwest Ohio (Dayton; Cincinnati; Lexington, KY; Louisville, KY; Terre Haute, IN; Clarksburg, WV)
Time Warner Cable Wisconsin (Milwaukee & Green Bay)


Texas Region
Time Warner Cable National (non-clustered systems)

East Region[edit]




Time Warner Cable Spectrum.



Northeast Region

Time Warner Cable Albany
Time Warner Cable Buffalo
Time Warner Cable Rochester
Time Warner Cable Central New York / Syracuse
Time Warner Cable New England
Time Warner Cable New York City


Carolinas Region

Time Warner Cable Charlotte
Time Warner Cable Greensboro
Time Warner Cable Eastern Carolina
Time Warner Cable Raleigh
Time Warner Cable South Carolina (Columbia)
Time Warner Cable Fayetteville/Sandhills



Former divisions[edit]
Sold to Comcast

Time Warner Cable Houma
Time Warner Cable Houston
Time Warner Cable Lake City/Live Oak
Time Warner Cable Mid-South (Memphis, TN, AR, and MS)
Time Warner Cable Minnesota
Time Warner Cable Shreveport
Time Warner Cable St. Augustine/Palatka
Time Warner Cable Cape Coral/Naples

Divisions that became Bright House Networks

Time Warner Cable Central Florida[44]
Time Warner Cable Tampa Bay

Rankings[edit]
The American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) ranked Time Warner Cable as one of the least liked companies in terms of customer satisfaction in 2011,[45] 2012,[46] 2013,[7][47] and 2014.[48]
See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Spectrum Sports

References[edit]


^ "Top 25 Multichannel Video Service Customers (2012)". National Cable & Telecommunications Association. Retrieved 2013-01-02. 
^ "Investor Relations Contact Us." Time Warner Cable. Retrieved on March 6, 2010.
^ "Locations". Time Warner Cable. Archived from the original on July 16, 2012. Retrieved July 15, 2012. 
^ Smith, Gerry (June 25, 2015). "Charter Promises Faster, Cheaper Internet to Win Merger Approval". Bloomberg. 
^ a b "So Long Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Much-Maligned Brand". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Glenn Britt timeline" (PDF). 
^ a b Henry, David; Sherman, Alex (June 11, 2014). "Glenn Britt, Who Raised Time Warner Cable Shares, Dies at 65". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 6, 2014. 
^ "Time Warner Cable Spinoff to Finish Next Month". New York Times. February 27, 2009. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner's $9 Billion Cable Spinoff". CBS News. Associated Press. May 21, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2008. 
^ "Time Warner Sets Final Distribution Ratio For Cable Spinoff". Dow Jones (via CNN Money). March 20, 2009. Retrieved March 27, 2009. [dead link]
^ Lasar, Matthew (June 24, 2009). "Is Comcast and TimeWarner's "TV Everywhere" TV for everyone?". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ Cheng, Jacqui (December 15, 2009). "Comcast expands online video to all cable+Internet customers". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ "Analyst: Charter, Time Warner Cable Merger Looks Probable". Fox Business.com. September 11, 2013. Retrieved September 11, 2013. 
^ Flint, Joe; James, Meg (November 22, 2013). "Charter Communications and Comcast may battle for Time Warner Cable". New York Times. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ Baker, Liana B. (February 13, 2014). "CORRECTED-UPDATE 7-Comcast takeover of Time Warner Cable to reshape U.S. pay TV". Reuters. Retrieved 13 February 2014. 
^ "Netflix Says It Opposes Comcast’s Merger Bid". The New York Times. 21 Apr 2014. Retrieved 25 Apr 2014. 
^ "More Than 50 Public Interest Groups Speak Out Against the Comcast-Time Warner Cable Merger". Freepress.net. 8 Apr 2014. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Julian Hattem (24 Mar 2014). "Writers Guild protests Comcast-Time Warner deal". The Hill. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Ira Teinowitz (9 Apr 2014). "Consumer Group Slams Comcast, Time-Warner Deal at New Senate Hearing (Updated)". The Wrap. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ "Comcast/TWC merger may be blocked by Justice Department". Ars Technica. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Comcast / Time Warner Cable / Charter Transactions Terminated – Comcast Press Statement". Comcast. Retrieved 24 April 2015. 
^ Sherman, Alex (25 May 2015). "Charter Near Deal for Time Warner Cable at $195 a Share". Bloomberg News. Retrieved 25 May 2015. 
^ McGrath, Maggie (28 April 2014). "Comcast Strikes Deal With Charter To Divest Nearly 4 Million Subscribers". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2014. 
^ a b Steel, Emily (May 26, 2015). "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Charter introduces Spectrum brand in Southern California". Los Angeles Times. September 20, 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "About Us - Time Warner Cable's Company History and News". 
^ Leichtman Research Group, "Research Notes," First Quarter 2012, pg. 6, Time Warner (#5) with 4,544,000 residential phone lines.
^ "Heavy Reading: Cable Biz Sales to Hit $8.5B | Light Reading". 
^ "Deals widen Bobcats' TV reach". Charlotte.com. April 9, 2008. Retrieved April 16, 2008. 
^ "CNNMoney.com: Time Warner to save on programming costs after Adelphia Deal – Jul, 31. 2006". CNN. July 31, 2006. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Press Release: Time Warner Cable Becomes a Public Company". Timewarner.com. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ Ehling, Jeff (August 2, 2006). "Time-Warner Cable leaving Houston". KTRK-TV. American Broadcasting Company. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Cable buys NaviSite as hosting acquisitions pick up". zdnet.com. February 1, 2011. Retrieved August 21, 2011. 
^ "Lexington, KY local and state news by the Lexington Herald-Leader – Kentucky.com". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Time Warner Cable to acquire Regional Fiber Optic Network Company DukeNet Communications". Retrieved 8 October 2013. 
^ Lawson, Stephen (January 18, 2008). "Time Warner to Try Tiered Cable Pricing". IDG News Service. PC World. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ "Stop TWC – More Info Coming Soon! Please Check Back!". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Stop the Cap!". Stop the Cap!. Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ Massa, Eric. "Congressman Eric Massa calls on Time Warner to eliminate Broadband Internet Cap". Archived from the original on April 9, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ Pearson, Erica (March 17, 2010). "Time Warner apologizes for accidentally showing Playboy previews on kiddie channels in N.C". Daily News. New York. 
^ Davis, Stacy (2010-03-16). "Time Warner apologizes for Playboy-kids channel glitch". WRAL.com. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ [1] Archived February 3, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Time Warner Cable changes name to Bright House". Orlando Business Journal. American City Business Journals. March 7, 2003. 
^ Lubin, Gus; Vivian Giang (2011-06-29). "The 19 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ Spector, Dina; Gus Lubin; Vivian Giang (2012-06-22). "The 15 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ "Benchmarks by Companies: All Companies". American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI). 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (December 31, 2014). "The most unpopular company in America is …". MarketWatch. Retrieved January 25, 2015. 








v
t
e


Charter Communications



Leadership



Thomas M. Rutledge (CEO)





Internet properties



Spectrum Internet





Cable
television
channels




News channels



Austin
Buffalo
Capital Region
Central NY
Florida

Bay News 9
News 13
InfoMás


New York City

NY1
NY1 Noticias
NY1 Rail and Road


North Carolina
Rochester





Sports channels



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet/Deportes LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





Local / Regional



Charter TV3 (Worcester)
Spectrum Community

Maine
Southern California


Spectrum OC16 (Hawaii)













Links to related articles











v
t
e


Liberty Interactive



Liberty Interactive Group



Bodybuilding.com (83%)
BuySeasons
CommerceHub (99%)
Evite
Gifts.com
HSN (34%)
Provide Commerce (ProFlowers)
QVC

Zulily


Right Start





Liberty Ventures Group



Expedia, Inc. (18%)
Interval International (30%)
Tree.com (25%)
TripAdvisor (26%)












v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe












v
t
e


Sports television in the United States



Broadcast
divisions





English




American Sports Network
CBS Sports
ESPN on ABC
Fox Sports
NBC Sports
Turner Sports






Spanish




Azteca
Telemundo Deportes (Telemundo/Universo)
Univision Deportes








National
channels





English




beIN Sports
CBS Sports Network
ESPN

ESPN2


FS1

FS2


NBCSN
Olympic Channel






Spanish




beIN Sports en Español
ESPN Deportes
Fox Deportes
Univision Deportes Network








Specialty
channels





College




Big Ten Network
ESPNU
Fox College Sports
Longhorn Network
Pac-12 Network
SEC Network






Single sport




Cricket TicketO
ESPN College Extra
ESPN Goal Line/Buzzer BeaterP
Fox Soccer PlusP
GOL TV
Golf Channel
In DemandP
MAVTV
MLB Network
MLB Extra InningsO
MLB Strike ZoneP
MLS Direct KickO
NBA League PassO
NBA TV
NFL Network
NFL RedZoneP
NFL Sunday TicketO
NHL Network
NHL Center IceO
Tennis Channel
TVG

TVG2


Willow






Outdoors




Frost Great Outdoors
Outdoor Channel
Pursuit Channel
Sportsman Channel
World Fishing Network






Other




Eleven Sports Network
ESPN Classic
ESPNews
ESPN PPVP
Ride TV








Syndicators



ACC Network (Raycom Sports)
ESPN Events





Broadband



Fox Sports Go
MLB.tv
UFC Fight Pass
WatchESPN (ESPN3)
WWE Network
WWNLive





Video on demand



The Ski Channel
Surf Channel













v
t
e


Regional sports television networks in the United States



AT&T SportsNet



Northwest
Pittsburgh
Rocky Mountain
Southwest
Utah





Fox Sports Networks



Arizona
Detroit
Florida / Sun
Midwest

Indiana
Kansas City


North
Ohio / SportsTime Ohio
Southeast / South

Carolinas
Tennessee


Southwest

Oklahoma
New Orleans


West / Prime Ticket

San Diego


Wisconsin
YES Network





NBC Sports Regional Networks
(Comcast)



Bay Area
California
Chicago
Mid-Atlantic
New England
Northwest

Oregon Sports Network


Philadelphia





Spectrum Sports
(Charter)



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





YurView (Cox)



Arizona
California
Kansas
Las Vegas
Louisiana
New England
Oklahoma
Virginia





Independents



Altitude Sports
Buckeye Cable Sports
BYUtv Sports
Cox Sports TV
FiOS1
Longhorn Network
Mid-Atlantic Sports
Midco Sports
MSG Network

Plus
Western NY


NESN
SportsNet NY
SWX Right Now


















v
t
e


Defunct television sports networks in the United States



National



America One
American Sports Classics
Back9Network
Baseball Network
Big 12 Network
CNN SI
ESPN 3D
Football Network
Fox Soccer
Lorimar Sports Network
Mizlou
NASCAR Hot Pass
NewSport
One World Sports
ONTV
SEC TV
Speed
SportsChannel America
Sports Network
Universal Sports Network





Regional



4SD
Carolinas SE
Cox Sports
Empire
Hawkvision
MountainWest
PASS Sports
Prime
PRISM
Royals Sports
SportsChannel LA
Sportsvision
Sports Time
Victory





Out-of-market



ESPN Full Court
ESPN GamePlan
Mega March Madness











O. Out-of-market sports packages P. Premium channel













 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Time_Warner_Cable&oldid=792249246"					
Categories: Time Warner CableCable television companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Fairfield County, ConnecticutEntertainment companies established in 1973Media companies established in 1973Media companies disestablished in 2016Media companies of the United States1973 establishments in the United States2016 disestablishments in the United StatesCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer Time Warner subsidiariesVoIP companies of the United States2016 acquisitionsCorporate spin-offsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from August 2010Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from June 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from August 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةEspañolفارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaNederlands日本語Simple EnglishSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Time Warner Cable - Wikipedia






















 






Time Warner Cable

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Time Warner Cable Inc.


Time Warner Cable's final logo used until the acquisition with Charter Communications.




Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications
Mass media


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
1973; 44 years ago (1973)


Founder
Time Warner
(merger of Time Inc. & Warner Communications)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Time Warner Center, New York City, New York, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Robert D. Marcus
(Chairman & CEO)


Parent
Warner Communications (1973–1990)
Time Warner (1990-2009) Charter Communications (2016-Present)


Subsidiaries
Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC






Time Warner Center, formerly the headquarters of the company in New York City. It was shared by its namesake, but now unrelated company, Time Warner.






Time Warner Cable building entrance in Morrisville, North Carolina


Time Warner Cable (TWC) was an American cable television company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications in 2016, it was ranked the second largest cable company in the United States by revenue behind only Comcast, operating in 29 states.[1] Its corporate headquarters were located in the Time Warner Center in Midtown Manhattan, New York City,[2] with other corporate offices in Stamford, Connecticut; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Herndon, Virginia.[3]
It was controlled by Warner Communications, then by Time Warner (the film and television production company and cable channel operator). That company spun off the cable operations in March 2009 as part of a larger restructuring. From 2009 to 2016, Time Warner Cable was an entirely independent company, continuing to use the Time Warner name under license from its former parent (including the "Road Runner" name for its Internet service, now Spectrum Internet).
In 2014, the company was the subject of a proposed purchase by Comcast Corporation, valued at $45.2 billion; however, following opposition to the deal by various groups, along with plans by the U.S. government to try to block the merger, Comcast called off the deal in April 2015. On May 26, 2015, Charter Communications announced that it would acquire Time Warner Cable for $78.7 billion, along with Bright House Networks in a separate $10.1 billion deal, pending regulatory approval.[4]
The purchase was completed on May 18, 2016; Charter had continued to do business as Time Warner Cable in its former markets, but has now re-branded these operations under the Spectrum brand in most markets.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Sale


2 Residential services
3 Business services
4 Cable Internet service
5 Naming rights

5.1 Current

5.1.1 Arena


5.2 Former

5.2.1 Fox Cities Stadium




6 Acquisitions

6.1 Adelphia
6.2 NaviSite
6.3 Insight Communications
6.4 DukeNet Communications


7 Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)
8 Venture with Sprint Nextel
9 Controversies

9.1 Bandwidth metering
9.2 Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography


10 Cable clusters
11 Divisions

11.1 West Region
11.2 East Region
11.3 Former divisions


12 Rankings
13 See also
14 References



History[edit]
Time Warner Cable was formed in 1992 by the merger of Time Inc.'s cable television company, American Television and Communications Corp. (service areas that had belonged to that company went under the Time Warner Communications name; since the 1990s, areas that had used that name have either been renamed to Time Warner Cable, Bright House Networks, or have been given to other cable providers), and Warner Cable, a division of Warner Communications, as a result of a merger to form Time Warner; for the two years after the merger, the companies operated separately but under the umbrella name "Time Warner Cable Group" (primarily due to 18% of ATC having been publicly owned at the time); they merged into one entity in 1992. It also includes the remnants of the defunct QUBE interactive TV service. In 1995, the company launched the Southern Tier On-Line Community, a cable modem service later known as Road Runner High Speed Online. That year, talks began that would later result in Warner's acquisition of Paragon Cable. Glenn Britt (1949–2014)[6][7] was the CEO from 2001 until December 2013.
Time Warner retained Time Warner Cable as a subsidiary until March 2009, when it was spun out as an independent company.[8] Prior to the spin-out, Time Warner had held an 84% stake in Time Warner Cable.[9] Non-Time Warner shareholders received 0.083670 shares for each share already owned. This move made Time Warner Cable the largest cable operator in the United States owned solely by a single class of shareholders (without supervoting stock).[10]
Time Warner Cable launched DVR service in the Houston area in 2004. (TWC's Houston-area cable systems are now owned by Comcast.) When first launched, it used Scientific-Atlanta set-top boxes with DVR.
In June 2009, Time Warner Cable unveiled a concept known as "TV Everywhere"—a means of allowing multi-platform access to live and on-demand content to content from television channels that is tied to a user's television subscription.[11][12]
Sale[edit]
Main article: Attempted purchase of Time Warner Cable by Comcast
It was first reported in October 2013 that Time Warner Cable was exploring a sale of the company, possibly to Charter Communications.[13] However, on November 22, 2013, reports surfaced that Comcast expressed interest in acquiring Time Warner Cable. Both companies were said to be placing bids for the company.[14] Charter reiterated its interest in purchasing Time Warner Cable and increased its bid on January 14, 2014. On February 12, 2014, it was reported that Comcast had reached a deal to acquire TWC in an overall deal valued at $45.2 billion, pending regulatory approval.[15]
The proposed merger was met with prominent opposition from various groups, showing concerns that the sheer size of the combined company would reduce competition and would give Comcast an unprecedented level of control over the United States' internet and television industries, increased leverage in the distribution of NBCUniversal content, hamper over-the-top services, and lead to higher prices for its services.[16][17][18][19] In April 2015, it was reported that the U.S. Department of Justice was preparing to file an antitrust lawsuit against the companies in a bid to halt the merger, primarily because the merged company would have controlled 57 percent of the nation's broadband capacity. On April 24, 2015, Comcast officially announced that it had called off the merger.[20][21]
On May 25, 2015, Bloomberg News reported that Charter was "near" a deal to acquire TWC for $195 a share.[22] Charter had been involved in the Comcast/TWC merger, as the companies planned to divest around 4 million subscribers to Charter in order to reduce the combined company's market share to an acceptable level.[23] The next day, Charter officially announced its intent to acquire Time Warner Cable in a deal valued at $78.7 billion, and confirmed that it would also continue with its proposed, $10.1 billion acquisition of Bright House Networks. The deal was subject to regulatory approval, although due to the relatively smaller size of the companies and their media holdings, the deal was expected to face less resistance than the Comcast/TWC merger.[24]
The acquisition was completed on May 18, 2016. The Time Warner Cable brand was phased out in favor of Spectrum, the brand used by Charter to market its services.[25][5][26]
Residential services[edit]
As of second quarter 2009, there were 14.6 million basic cable subscribers, 8.8 million Digital cable subscribers, 8.7 million Road Runner residential subscribers, 2.5 million DVR subscribers,[27] and 4.5 million residential Digital Phone subscribers, which makes it the fifth-largest landline phone provider in the United States.[28]
Business services[edit]
As of 2013, Time Warner Cable's business division had the second largest business-facing enterprise by revenue (of cable providers who offer business services), with $1.7 billion in revenue as of the third quarter of 2013. Total revenue for 2012 was $1.9 billion.[29]
Cable Internet service[edit]
Main article: Spectrum Internet
Naming rights[edit]
Current[edit]
Arena[edit]
Spectrum Center, formerly Time Warner Cable Arena, is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, the home of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets. In April 2008, the then-Bobcats reached a naming rights deal with Time Warner Cable, the Charlotte area's major cable television provider; the arena was named for the cable provider in exchange for the release of the team's television rights, which had been on the TWC co-owned Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television for its first season, which failed to find much cable coverage in the Charlotte market outside of Time Warner systems and went dark after a year, and then News 14 Carolina which was limited to only the North Carolina side of the market, until the arena naming rights deal was made. The team moved to the new Fox Sports South sub-feed Fox Sports Carolinas and SportSouth (now Fox Sports Southeast) with the 2008-09 season, allowing coverage through both the Carolinas.[30] Shortly after being acquired by Charter, the arena was renamed to Spectrum Center.
Former[edit]
Fox Cities Stadium[edit]
Main article: Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium
On March 9, 2007, Time Warner Cable, which provides service to the northeastern Wisconsin area, signed a 10-year naming rights deal. The field is home of the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers, a local minor league baseball team of the Midwest League and affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers, based in Grand Chute, a suburb of Appleton. The team and Time Warner Cable mutually agreed to end the rights deal after the 2013 season, and the venue is now known as Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium, named for a local neurology practice.
Acquisitions[edit]
Adelphia[edit]
On July 31, 2007, Time Warner Cable and Comcast completed a deal to purchase practically all of Adelphia's assets for $17 billion.[31] Time Warner Cable gained 3.3 million of Adelphia's subscribers, a 29 percent increase, while Comcast gained almost 1.7 million subscribers. Adelphia stockholders received 16% of Time Warner Cable. Time Warner Cable went public effective February 13, 2007, and the company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 1, 2007.[32]
In addition to Adelphia's coverage being divided up, Time Warner Cable and Comcast also agreed to exchange some of their own subscribers in order to consolidate key regions. An example of this is the Los Angeles market, which was mostly covered by Comcast and Adelphia (and some areas of the region already served by TWC), is now under Time Warner Cable. Philadelphia had been split between Time Warner and Comcast, with the majority of cable subscribers belonging to Comcast. Time Warner subscribers in Philadelphia were swapped with Comcast in early 2007. Similarly, the Houston area, which was under Time Warner, was swapped to Comcast, while the Dallas metro area was changed to Time Warner (RR).[33] In the Twin Cities, Minneapolis was Time Warner and Saint Paul was Comcast. That whole market is now Comcast.
NaviSite[edit]
Time Warner Cable purchased NaviSite (NAVI), a company providing cloud and hosting services, on February 1, 2011 for $230 million, roughly equating to $5.50 per share.[34]
Insight Communications[edit]
On August 13, 2011, Time Warner Cable announced its purchase of Insight Communications for $3 billion acquiring Insight's 760,000 subscribers nationwide. The merger was completed February 29, 2012, and as of June 2013 all of Insight Communications was absorbed into Time Warner Cable.[35]
DukeNet Communications[edit]
On October 7, 2013, Time Warner Cable announced that it has agreed to acquire DukeNet Communications LLC for $600 million. DukeNet provides data and high-capacity bandwidth services to wireless carrier, data center, government, and enterprise customers in the Southeast.[36]
Advance/Newhouse and Time Warner (Bright House Networks spin off)[edit]
Some of the regional cable system clusters operated by Time Warner Cable are owned by the Time Warner Entertainment – Advance/Newhouse Partnership (TWEAN). In 2002, Advance/Newhouse Communications, unhappy with some of the operating policies of Time Warner Cable in the AOL Time Warner era, forced a restructuring of the TWEAN partnership such that Advance/Newhouse would actively manage and operate a portion of the jointly owned cable systems equal to their percentage of equity. Under this arrangement, Advance/Newhouse enjoys the proceeds of their actively managed systems rather than simply a percentage of the partnership's total earnings. The majority of the affected systems are in the Tampa and Orlando markets under the Bright House Networks brand.
The value of this deal is that it allows Advance/Newhouse to more directly control their cable investments without having to completely unravel the TWEAN partnership, which does bring some benefits via Time Warner's development and purchasing clout.
The transactions proposed by Charter were approved, TWC and Bright House Networks have been absorbed into Charter.[24]
Venture with Sprint Nextel[edit]
In late 2005, TWC and several other cable companies formed a venture with Sprint Nextel. This joint venture enables TWC customers to receive a full suite of products, linking in-home and out-of-home entertainment, information, and communications services. All of this was included in the new "Triple Play on the Go", similar to the Triple Play[discuss] but an addition of new services through Sprint Nextel.
Controversies[edit]
Bandwidth metering[edit]
In Beaumont, Texas, during 2008, Time Warner Cable began testing tier-based metered data plans that effectively placed customers into a pricing hierarchy based on the amount of data that they used, [clarification needed].[37] In 2009, Time Warner Cable announced that additional cities including Rochester, New York will become additional test sites. In particular in Rochester groups have formed to stop TWC. Several groups including Stop TWC[38] and Stop The Cap[39] are currently working to oppose these efforts. On April 7, 2009, then US Congressman Eric Massa called on Time Warner to eliminate its broadband Internet cap.[40]
Signal intrusion and accidental transmission of pornography[edit]
On March 16, 2010, Time Warner Cable's transmission of their Kids on Demand and Kids Pre-School on Demand channels on systems in eastern North Carolina was interrupted by programming from the adult pay television channel Playboy TV for approximately two hours between 6:15 a.m. and 8:15 a.m./EDT, in which a group of nude women talked and posed in a sexually suggestive manner.[41] This accidental display affected Time Warner's digital cable subscribers in four towns in the system's eastern North Carolina cluster, while other areas displayed a black screen. A Time Warner spokesperson said in a statement to Raleigh CBS affiliate WRAL, "It was a technical malfunction that caused the wrong previews to be shown on our kids' on-demand channels. Unfortunately it hit at the worst possible time on the worst possible channels."[42] A Time Warner executive said normal monitoring procedures did not take effect because the glitch affected only a few areas. Customers were told to pay the small fee, and that their next bill would be reduced. [43]
Cable clusters[edit]




Time Warner Cable ident used until 2010. Remained in use on its "Business Class" division.



West Coast cluster

California – Barstow, Desert Cities, Orange County, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, San Diego
Hawaii (operating as Oceanic Time Warner Cable)


Midwest cluster

Kansas – Kansas City, Overland Park, Olathe, Shawnee
Missouri – Kansas City, Independence, Lee's Summit
Nebraska
Ohio – Akron, Bowling Green/North Baltimore, Canton, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dayton, Findlay/Lima, and Youngstown
Kentucky – Lexington, Louisville, Northern Kentucky, Ashland
Pennsylvania – Erie County, Sharon, Franklin
Wisconsin – Green Bay and Milwaukee


Northeast cluster

Maine
New Hampshire – Berlin, Keene
Massachusetts – Athol, Pittsfield
Upstate New York


The Carolinas cluster

North Carolina – Charlotte, Raleigh, Greensboro, and Wilmington
South Carolina – Columbia, Sumter, Florence, Summerville, Hilton Head and Myrtle Beach.


New York cluster

New Jersey – Bergen County, Hudson County
New York – New York City (Manhattan, Queens, Staten Island, most of western Brooklyn); Mount Vernon (Westchester County, rest of county is Cablevision)


Texas cluster

Texas – Arlington, Austin, Beaumont/Port Arthur, Corpus Christi, Dallas, El Paso, Harlingen, Killeen/Temple, Laredo, Rio Grande Valley, San Antonio, Waco, and Wichita Falls

coincidentally, the Irving-Grapevine-Coppell-Lewisville cluster had been under Time Warner Cable's control upon acquisition of Paragon Cable. This was prior to AT&T Broadband's full absorption of that cluster.




Not in a cluster (National)

Alabama – Dothan, Enterprise
Arizona – Yuma
California – El Centro
Colorado – Gunnison, Telluride
Idaho – Coeur d'Alene, Moscow
Indiana – Terre Haute
Virginia
Washington – Pullman
West Virginia – Clarksburg



Divisions[edit]
Time Warner Cable's divisions, from official website:
West Region[edit]




Former logo for "Oceanic Time Warner Cable" division



PAC West Region

Oceanic Time Warner Cable (Hawaii)
Time Warner Cable Desert Cities
Time Warner Cable San Diego
Time Warner Cable Southern California (SoCal)


Midwest Region

Time Warner Cable Kansas City
Time Warner Cable Nebraska
Time Warner Cable Northeast Ohio & Western Pennsylvania (Akron, Canton, Cleveland & Youngstown; Erie County & Sharon, PA)
Time Warner Cable Mid-Ohio (Columbus)
Time Warner Cable Southwest Ohio (Dayton; Cincinnati; Lexington, KY; Louisville, KY; Terre Haute, IN; Clarksburg, WV)
Time Warner Cable Wisconsin (Milwaukee & Green Bay)


Texas Region
Time Warner Cable National (non-clustered systems)

East Region[edit]




Time Warner Cable Spectrum.



Northeast Region

Time Warner Cable Albany
Time Warner Cable Buffalo
Time Warner Cable Rochester
Time Warner Cable Central New York / Syracuse
Time Warner Cable New England
Time Warner Cable New York City


Carolinas Region

Time Warner Cable Charlotte
Time Warner Cable Greensboro
Time Warner Cable Eastern Carolina
Time Warner Cable Raleigh
Time Warner Cable South Carolina (Columbia)
Time Warner Cable Fayetteville/Sandhills



Former divisions[edit]
Sold to Comcast

Time Warner Cable Houma
Time Warner Cable Houston
Time Warner Cable Lake City/Live Oak
Time Warner Cable Mid-South (Memphis, TN, AR, and MS)
Time Warner Cable Minnesota
Time Warner Cable Shreveport
Time Warner Cable St. Augustine/Palatka
Time Warner Cable Cape Coral/Naples

Divisions that became Bright House Networks

Time Warner Cable Central Florida[44]
Time Warner Cable Tampa Bay

Rankings[edit]
The American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) ranked Time Warner Cable as one of the least liked companies in terms of customer satisfaction in 2011,[45] 2012,[46] 2013,[7][47] and 2014.[48]
See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Spectrum Sports

References[edit]


^ "Top 25 Multichannel Video Service Customers (2012)". National Cable & Telecommunications Association. Retrieved 2013-01-02. 
^ "Investor Relations Contact Us." Time Warner Cable. Retrieved on March 6, 2010.
^ "Locations". Time Warner Cable. Archived from the original on July 16, 2012. Retrieved July 15, 2012. 
^ Smith, Gerry (June 25, 2015). "Charter Promises Faster, Cheaper Internet to Win Merger Approval". Bloomberg. 
^ a b "So Long Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Much-Maligned Brand". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Glenn Britt timeline" (PDF). 
^ a b Henry, David; Sherman, Alex (June 11, 2014). "Glenn Britt, Who Raised Time Warner Cable Shares, Dies at 65". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 6, 2014. 
^ "Time Warner Cable Spinoff to Finish Next Month". New York Times. February 27, 2009. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner's $9 Billion Cable Spinoff". CBS News. Associated Press. May 21, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2008. 
^ "Time Warner Sets Final Distribution Ratio For Cable Spinoff". Dow Jones (via CNN Money). March 20, 2009. Retrieved March 27, 2009. [dead link]
^ Lasar, Matthew (June 24, 2009). "Is Comcast and TimeWarner's "TV Everywhere" TV for everyone?". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ Cheng, Jacqui (December 15, 2009). "Comcast expands online video to all cable+Internet customers". Ars Technica. Condé Nast. Retrieved January 2, 2014. 
^ "Analyst: Charter, Time Warner Cable Merger Looks Probable". Fox Business.com. September 11, 2013. Retrieved September 11, 2013. 
^ Flint, Joe; James, Meg (November 22, 2013). "Charter Communications and Comcast may battle for Time Warner Cable". New York Times. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ Baker, Liana B. (February 13, 2014). "CORRECTED-UPDATE 7-Comcast takeover of Time Warner Cable to reshape U.S. pay TV". Reuters. Retrieved 13 February 2014. 
^ "Netflix Says It Opposes Comcast’s Merger Bid". The New York Times. 21 Apr 2014. Retrieved 25 Apr 2014. 
^ "More Than 50 Public Interest Groups Speak Out Against the Comcast-Time Warner Cable Merger". Freepress.net. 8 Apr 2014. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Julian Hattem (24 Mar 2014). "Writers Guild protests Comcast-Time Warner deal". The Hill. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ Ira Teinowitz (9 Apr 2014). "Consumer Group Slams Comcast, Time-Warner Deal at New Senate Hearing (Updated)". The Wrap. Retrieved 14 Apr 2014. 
^ "Comcast/TWC merger may be blocked by Justice Department". Ars Technica. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Comcast / Time Warner Cable / Charter Transactions Terminated – Comcast Press Statement". Comcast. Retrieved 24 April 2015. 
^ Sherman, Alex (25 May 2015). "Charter Near Deal for Time Warner Cable at $195 a Share". Bloomberg News. Retrieved 25 May 2015. 
^ McGrath, Maggie (28 April 2014). "Comcast Strikes Deal With Charter To Divest Nearly 4 Million Subscribers". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2014. 
^ a b Steel, Emily (May 26, 2015). "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 18 May 2016. 
^ "Charter introduces Spectrum brand in Southern California". Los Angeles Times. September 20, 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "About Us - Time Warner Cable's Company History and News". 
^ Leichtman Research Group, "Research Notes," First Quarter 2012, pg. 6, Time Warner (#5) with 4,544,000 residential phone lines.
^ "Heavy Reading: Cable Biz Sales to Hit $8.5B | Light Reading". 
^ "Deals widen Bobcats' TV reach". Charlotte.com. April 9, 2008. Retrieved April 16, 2008. 
^ "CNNMoney.com: Time Warner to save on programming costs after Adelphia Deal – Jul, 31. 2006". CNN. July 31, 2006. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Press Release: Time Warner Cable Becomes a Public Company". Timewarner.com. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ Ehling, Jeff (August 2, 2006). "Time-Warner Cable leaving Houston". KTRK-TV. American Broadcasting Company. Retrieved October 8, 2010. 
^ "Time Warner Cable buys NaviSite as hosting acquisitions pick up". zdnet.com. February 1, 2011. Retrieved August 21, 2011. 
^ "Lexington, KY local and state news by the Lexington Herald-Leader – Kentucky.com". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Time Warner Cable to acquire Regional Fiber Optic Network Company DukeNet Communications". Retrieved 8 October 2013. 
^ Lawson, Stephen (January 18, 2008). "Time Warner to Try Tiered Cable Pricing". IDG News Service. PC World. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ "Stop TWC – More Info Coming Soon! Please Check Back!". Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ "Stop the Cap!". Stop the Cap!. Retrieved May 27, 2015. 
^ Massa, Eric. "Congressman Eric Massa calls on Time Warner to eliminate Broadband Internet Cap". Archived from the original on April 9, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2009. 
^ Pearson, Erica (March 17, 2010). "Time Warner apologizes for accidentally showing Playboy previews on kiddie channels in N.C". Daily News. New York. 
^ Davis, Stacy (2010-03-16). "Time Warner apologizes for Playboy-kids channel glitch". WRAL.com. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ [1] Archived February 3, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Time Warner Cable changes name to Bright House". Orlando Business Journal. American City Business Journals. March 7, 2003. 
^ Lubin, Gus; Vivian Giang (2011-06-29). "The 19 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ Spector, Dina; Gus Lubin; Vivian Giang (2012-06-22). "The 15 Most Hated Companies In America". Business Insider. Retrieved 2013-08-05. 
^ "Benchmarks by Companies: All Companies". American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI). 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (December 31, 2014). "The most unpopular company in America is …". MarketWatch. Retrieved January 25, 2015. 








v
t
e


Charter Communications



Leadership



Thomas M. Rutledge (CEO)





Internet properties



Spectrum Internet





Cable
television
channels




News channels



Austin
Buffalo
Capital Region
Central NY
Florida

Bay News 9
News 13
InfoMás


New York City

NY1
NY1 Noticias
NY1 Rail and Road


North Carolina
Rochester





Sports channels



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet/Deportes LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





Local / Regional



Charter TV3 (Worcester)
Spectrum Community

Maine
Southern California


Spectrum OC16 (Hawaii)













Links to related articles











v
t
e


Liberty Interactive



Liberty Interactive Group



Bodybuilding.com (83%)
BuySeasons
CommerceHub (99%)
Evite
Gifts.com
HSN (34%)
Provide Commerce (ProFlowers)
QVC

Zulily


Right Start





Liberty Ventures Group



Expedia, Inc. (18%)
Interval International (30%)
Tree.com (25%)
TripAdvisor (26%)












v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe












v
t
e


Sports television in the United States



Broadcast
divisions





English




American Sports Network
CBS Sports
ESPN on ABC
Fox Sports
NBC Sports
Turner Sports






Spanish




Azteca
Telemundo Deportes (Telemundo/Universo)
Univision Deportes








National
channels





English




beIN Sports
CBS Sports Network
ESPN

ESPN2


FS1

FS2


NBCSN
Olympic Channel






Spanish




beIN Sports en Español
ESPN Deportes
Fox Deportes
Univision Deportes Network








Specialty
channels





College




Big Ten Network
ESPNU
Fox College Sports
Longhorn Network
Pac-12 Network
SEC Network






Single sport




Cricket TicketO
ESPN College Extra
ESPN Goal Line/Buzzer BeaterP
Fox Soccer PlusP
GOL TV
Golf Channel
In DemandP
MAVTV
MLB Network
MLB Extra InningsO
MLB Strike ZoneP
MLS Direct KickO
NBA League PassO
NBA TV
NFL Network
NFL RedZoneP
NFL Sunday TicketO
NHL Network
NHL Center IceO
Tennis Channel
TVG

TVG2


Willow






Outdoors




Frost Great Outdoors
Outdoor Channel
Pursuit Channel
Sportsman Channel
World Fishing Network






Other




Eleven Sports Network
ESPN Classic
ESPNews
ESPN PPVP
Ride TV








Syndicators



ACC Network (Raycom Sports)
ESPN Events





Broadband



Fox Sports Go
MLB.tv
UFC Fight Pass
WatchESPN (ESPN3)
WWE Network
WWNLive





Video on demand



The Ski Channel
Surf Channel













v
t
e


Regional sports television networks in the United States



AT&T SportsNet



Northwest
Pittsburgh
Rocky Mountain
Southwest
Utah





Fox Sports Networks



Arizona
Detroit
Florida / Sun
Midwest

Indiana
Kansas City


North
Ohio / SportsTime Ohio
Southeast / South

Carolinas
Tennessee


Southwest

Oklahoma
New Orleans


West / Prime Ticket

San Diego


Wisconsin
YES Network





NBC Sports Regional Networks
(Comcast)



Bay Area
California
Chicago
Mid-Atlantic
New England
Northwest

Oregon Sports Network


Philadelphia





Spectrum Sports
(Charter)



Carolinas
Florida
Kansas City
Los Angeles

SportsNet/Deportes
SportsNet LA


New York (Upstate)
SportsNet New York (part ownership)
Ohio
Texas
Wisconsin





YurView (Cox)



Arizona
California
Kansas
Las Vegas
Louisiana
New England
Oklahoma
Virginia





Independents



Altitude Sports
Buckeye Cable Sports
BYUtv Sports
Cox Sports TV
FiOS1
Longhorn Network
Mid-Atlantic Sports
Midco Sports
MSG Network

Plus
Western NY


NESN
SportsNet NY
SWX Right Now


















v
t
e


Defunct television sports networks in the United States



National



America One
American Sports Classics
Back9Network
Baseball Network
Big 12 Network
CNN SI
ESPN 3D
Football Network
Fox Soccer
Lorimar Sports Network
Mizlou
NASCAR Hot Pass
NewSport
One World Sports
ONTV
SEC TV
Speed
SportsChannel America
Sports Network
Universal Sports Network





Regional



4SD
Carolinas SE
Cox Sports
Empire
Hawkvision
MountainWest
PASS Sports
Prime
PRISM
Royals Sports
SportsChannel LA
Sportsvision
Sports Time
Victory





Out-of-market



ESPN Full Court
ESPN GamePlan
Mega March Madness











O. Out-of-market sports packages P. Premium channel













 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Time_Warner_Cable&oldid=792249246"					
Categories: Time Warner CableCable television companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Fairfield County, ConnecticutEntertainment companies established in 1973Media companies established in 1973Media companies disestablished in 2016Media companies of the United States1973 establishments in the United States2016 disestablishments in the United StatesCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer Time Warner subsidiariesVoIP companies of the United States2016 acquisitionsCorporate spin-offsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from August 2010Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from June 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from August 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةEspañolفارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaNederlands日本語Simple EnglishSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



































































Time Warner Cable Changes Its Name, and Suddenly People Love It - Bloomberg






























































  


















Photographer: Getty Images







Time Warner Cable Changes Its Name, and Suddenly People Love It
Now it’s called Spectrum, and everyone is all rainbows and unicorns. What happened?

By Kim Bhasin
        
@KimBhasin
More stories by Kim Bhasin





June 13, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT





The commercial begins before dawn. A man rubs his eyes as he gets out of bed, peeking out the window at the cascading rain. He washes his face, pours a cup of coffee, and glances lovingly at his sleeping child before heading out. The only headlights on the highway are his own as he drives through the darkness. As the sun rises, he pulls his van into the driveway of someone else’s house. The nature of this indefatigable man’s work is finally revealed.It’s the cable guy.And not just any cable guy: he’s the Time Warner Cable guy. You know, the guy who is scheduled to show up anytime between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m., forcing you to work from home (if you even can) and never leave until he shows up. That guy.








Well, he’s the Spectrum guy now. Acquired by Charter Communications Inc. in 2016, Time Warner Cable was officially rebranded earlier this year. The service has long carried a reputation of abysmal service, leaving hordes of dissatisfied customers frustrated with fee hikes, spotty connections, and the dreaded service call.Now, tales of woe have become expressions of joy. There have been customer cord-cutting calls that ended with package deals at bargain prices, and chit-chat from Spectrum help desk operators bordering on the saccharine. But most prominently, the cable company has unleashed an advertising blitz to erase the Time Warner Cable name from the collective memory. One commercial features diligent workers laying down cable on the side of the road. Another follows harried parents who find comfort in their reliable internet service. And there’s even one with a three-armed John Stamos using multiple devices in a posh home. A representative for Spectrum declined to comment on its marketing strategy, but even a makeover of New York City’s beloved local cable news station, New York 1, seemed well received, though it came with some painful layoffs.“Time Warner Cable has earned the miserable reputation it enjoys among consumers”







                        Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email.
                    

                        Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter.
                    





                                    Sign Up
                            










Before Spectrum took over, things had gotten bad for Time Warner Cable. Last summer, one state regulator sent a letter to Charter’s chief executive, urging him to clean up the broadband provider’s act. An investigation suggested that “Time Warner Cable has earned the miserable reputation it enjoys among consumers,” Tim Wu, senior enforcement counsel and special adviser to the New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, told Charter CEO Tom Rutledge. “Overcoming this history will require more than a name change; it will require a fundamental revolution in how Time Warner Cable does business and treats its customers.”With Charter in charge and the corresponding branding shift, consumer perception headed skyward, according to data from researcher YouGov BrandIndex. Each weekday, the firm interviews 4,800 individuals from a representative panel of 1.8 million people.Customer satisfaction spiked in the months after the transition was completed in January, reaching levels close to rival Verizon FiOS. Though now it seems that the immediate bump Spectrum experienced after the rebranding is fading. Just changing your name from Time Warner Cable may no longer be enough.




“There was a lot of baggage with the Time Warner Cable brand,” said Ted Marzilli, CEO of BrandIndex. “With the acquisition, it gave them the opportunity for a bit of a fresh start.”Of course, Charter’s extra effort also stems from an industry wide reality. Mounting pressure from such streaming services as Netflix Inc. and Hulu LLC is forcing the old cable companies to change, said Marzilli. All of a sudden, there are enticing alternatives, and if subscribers have had bad experiences with a cable provider, they’re less reluctant to cut the cord.It’s unclear how much of the public actually knows that Spectrum used to be Time Warner Cable. A YouGov Omnibus survey in March showed that 53 percent of adults weren’t aware that Time Warner Cable had changed its name. A chunk of those who did know, some 17 percent, said their opinion of the brand had improved following the switch.Nevertheless, customer retention is a concern for Charter as it continues to integrate its businesses. Time Warner Cable’s residential video customers fell 3.2 percent over the past year. Spectrum has stopped using the confusing package pricing Time Warner Cable once touted, trying to migrate legacy customers onto new plans. Some customers have received billing credits, too.“It was a Turkish bazaar,” Rutledge said of the old pricing at a conference in New York in May. Customers would call in and bargain, and sometimes they would score a good deal. Time Warner Cable was also fond of “exploding packages,” he said, which would be discounted until a certain date–then boom, back to full-price. When customers saw big rate increases, they would get mad.Even if it’s just a rebranding, the Spectrum name change carries an inherent credibility boost because, one would assume, a new owner would want to improve the service’s reputation. But in the end, it’s still a cable company, and each time that modem light flickers or a channel freezes, subscriber wrath shall be felt.“There is a lot of pent up frustration,” said Marzilli.



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE













Most Read


Rolls-Royce Unveils Its Grandest Car Yet, the Phantom VIII


Jeff Bezos Briefly Tops Bill Gates as the World's Richest Person


Why You’re Being Invited to Fewer Weddings


Delivery Day Is Here for Tesla’s Model 3


Wells Fargo Does It Again, This Time With Unwanted Auto Insurance



















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













        TWC : Employer Identification Number Registry

































































Tweet



Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  T  TWC









                    TWC : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



742463820 - TWC FOUNDATION INCBusiness Address: 8080 S HOLLY ST, CENTENNIAL, CO, 80122-4001Mailing Address: Not on file463658620 - TWC PRE-LAW SCHOLARS SUPPORT FUNDBusiness Address: 1314 S 63RD ST, OMAHA, NE, 68106-1557Mailing Address: Not on file270303079 - TWC EMPLOYEE DISASTER RELIEF FUNDBusiness Address: TAX DEPT 9TH FL 60 COLUMBUS CIR, NEW YORK, NY, 10023-0000Mailing Address: Not on file202663484 - TWCP TOUCHDOWN CLUBBusiness Address: 3701 COLLEGE PARK DR, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77384-4816Mailing Address: Not on file203127259 - TWCP GOLF BOOSTER CLUBBusiness Address: PO BOX 8134, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77387-8134Mailing Address: Not on file203299702 - TWCP CAVALIER FAST BREAK CLUB INCBusiness Address: 3701 COLLEGE PARK DR, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77384-4816Mailing Address: Not on file264804568 - TWCD FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: 2100 GREENSTONE TRL, CARROLLTON, TX, 75010-4140Mailing Address: Not on file421671441 - TWCP REVELIERS BOOSTER CLUB INCBusiness Address: PO BOX 7701, SPRING, TX, 77387-7701Mailing Address: Not on file760794962 - TWCP LADY CAVALIERS VOLLEYBALL BOOSTER CLUBBusiness Address: 3701 COLLEGE PARK DR, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77384-4816Mailing Address: Not on file830428485 - TWCP CAVALIER SPIRIT SOCIETYBusiness Address: PO BOX 8842, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77387-8842Mailing Address: Not on file203299702 - TWCP CAVALIER FAST BREAK CLUB INCBusiness Address: 10 Taupewood Place, the Woodlands, TX, 77384Mailing Address: 3701 College Park Dr, The Woodlands, TX, 77384463658620 - TWC PRE-LAW SCHOLARS SUPPORT FUNDBusiness Address: 1314 South 63 St, Omaha, NE, 68106Mailing Address: 1314 South 63 St, Omaha, NE, 68106830428485 - TWCP CAVALIER SPIRIT SOCIETYBusiness Address: PO Box 8842, The Woodlands, TX, 77387Mailing Address: 83 E Sterling Pond Circle, The Woodlands, TX, 77387202663484 - Twcp Touchdown ClubBusiness Address: , the Woodlands, TXMailing Address: Not on file203127259 - Twcp Golf Booster ClubBusiness Address: , the Woodlands, TXMailing Address: Not on file203299702 - Twcp Cavalier Fast Break Club Inc.Business Address: , the Woodlands, TXMailing Address: Not on file264804568 - Twcd FoundationBusiness Address: , Carrollton, TXMailing Address: Not on file270303079 - Twc Employee Disaster Relief FundBusiness Address: , New York, NYMailing Address: Not on file421671441 - Twcp Reveliers Booster Club Inc.Business Address: , Spring, TXMailing Address: Not on file463658620 - Twc Pre-Law Scholars Support FundBusiness Address: , Omaha, NEMailing Address: Not on file760794962 - Twcp Lady Cavaliers Volleyball Booster ClubBusiness Address: , the Woodlands, TXMailing Address: Not on file830428485 - Twcp Cavalier Spirit SocietyBusiness Address: , the Woodlands, TXMailing Address: Not on file263300120 - TWC OF STL INCBusiness Address: 7110 OAKLAND AVE, SAINT LOUIS, MO, 63117-1813Mailing Address: Not on file460438042 - TWCAM INCBusiness Address: HCR 10 BOX 660, MOBRIDGE, SD, 57601-0000Mailing Address: Not on file751633467 - TWC RAM CLUBBusiness Address: 1201 WESLEYAN ST, FORT WORTH, TX, 76105-1536Mailing Address: Not on file203299702 - TWCP CAVALIER FAST BREAK CLUB INCBusiness Address: 10 TAUPEWOOD PL, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77384-5020Mailing Address: Not on file760794962 - TWCP LADY CAVALIERS VOLLEYBALL BOOSTER CLUBBusiness Address: PO BOX 130402, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77393-0402Mailing Address: Not on file462129785 - TWCS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 15343 BRAUN COURT, MOORPARK, CA, 540321115 - TWCC HOLDING CORP.Business Address: Mailing Address: 300 INTERSTATE NORTH PKWY, SE, ATLANTA, GA, 540321115 - TWCC HOLDING CORPORATIONBusiness Address: Mailing Address: 300 INTERSTATE N. PARKWAY, ATLANTA, GA, 592346659 - TWC M & D INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file202804879 - TWC SERVICES, LLCBusiness Address: PO BOX 150277, ALEXANDRIA, VA, 22315Mailing Address: Not on file541189275 - TWC ASSOCIATION MANAGEMENT, INC.Business Address: 397 HERNDON PARKWAY, SUITE 100, HERNDON, VA, 20170Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - TWC DIVERSIFIEDBusiness Address: 4464 LONE TREE WAY, STE 714, ANTIOCH, CA, 94531Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - TWC MARKETING & DVLPMENT INCBusiness Address: 110 LOGAN LANE, STE 1, SANTA ROSA BEACH, FL, 32459Mailing Address: Not on file930939400 - TWC INVESTMENT MANAGEMENTBusiness Address: 865 SOUTH FIGUEROA STREET, LOS ANGELES, CA, 90017Mailing Address: Not on file203500926 - TWCP-GP LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file203500926 - TWCP, L.P.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file952642764 - TWC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANYBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file527656007 - TWC SMALL CAP GROWTHBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file943331308 - TWCP, LPBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file830428485 - Twcp Cavalier Spirit SocietyBusiness Address: , Spring, TXMailing Address: Not on file830428485 - TWCP CAVALIER SPIRIT SOCIETYBusiness Address: PO BOX 8842, SPRING, TX, 77387-8842Mailing Address: Not on file830428485 - TWCP CAVALIER SPIRIT SOCIETYBusiness Address: PO Box 8842, Spring, TX, 77387Mailing Address: 150 Split Rock Cove, The Woodlands, TX, 77387830428485 - TWCP CAVALIER SPIRIT SOCIETYBusiness Address: 150 Split Rock Cove, The Woodlands, TX, 77381Mailing Address: 5 Pinewood Forest Court, The Woodlands, TX, 77381830428485 - TWCP CAVALIER SPIRIT SOCIETYBusiness Address: 150 SPLIT ROCK CV, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77381-3818Mailing Address: Not on file203299702 - TWCP CAVALIER FAST BREAK CLUB INCBusiness Address: 3701 College Park Drive, The Woodlands, TX, 77384Mailing Address: 3701 College Park Drive, The Woodlands, TX, 77384742463820 - TWC FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: 8080 S HOLLY ST, CENTENNIAL, CO, 80122-4001Mailing Address: Not on file830428485 - TWCP CAVALIER SPIRIT SOCIETYBusiness Address: 15 DAVIS COTTAGE CT, THE WOODLANDS, TX, 77385-3470Mailing Address: Not on file391689323 - TWCC Product Development & Sales, Inc.Business Address: 3438 PEACHTREE ROAD, SUITE 1800, ATLANTA, GA, 30326Mailing Address: 3438 PEACHTREE ROAD, SUITE 1800, ATLANTA, GA593781176 - TWC Holding LLCBusiness Address: 10825 KENWOOD ROAD, CINCINNATI, OH, 42542Mailing Address: 10825 KENWOOD ROAD, CINCINNATI, OH412165618 - TWC Holding Corp.Business Address: 10825 KENWOOD ROAD, CINCINNATI, OH, 42542Mailing Address: 10825 KENWOOD ROAD, CINCINNATI, OH000000000 - TWC Asian Film InvestCo LLCBusiness Address: 445 Broad Hollow Rd, Melville, NY, 11747Mailing Address: 445 Broad Hollow Rd, Melville, NY830428485 - TWCP CAVALIER SPIRIT SOCIETYBusiness Address: 15 Davis Cottage Ct, The Woodlands, TX, 77385Mailing Address: 38 Watertree Court, The Woodlands, TX263300120 - Twc of Stl Inc.Business Address: , Saint Louis, MOMailing Address: Not on file471869063 - TWC I Holdings, LLCBusiness Address: 6 ARC WAY NE, ATLANTA, GA, 30305Mailing Address: 6 ARC WAY NE, ATLANTA, GA, 30305000000000 - TWC/Charter Green Bay Cable Advertising, LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC Digital Phone LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC/Charter Dallas Cable Advertising, LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC Communications, LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC/Charter Los Angeles Cable Advertising, LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC News & Local Programming LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC Regional Sports Network I LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC News & Local Programming Holdco LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC Security LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC SEE Holdco LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC Administration LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWCIS Holdco LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC Media Blocker LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901000000000 - TWC Wireless LLCBusiness Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            



















Trademark Categories by Justia :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








Trademark CategoriesGoods
ChemicalsRead moreChemicals used in industry, science and photography, as well as in agriculture, horticulture and forestryUnprocessed artificial resins, unprocessed plasticsManuresFire extinguishing compositionsTempering and soldering preparationsChemical substances for preserving foodstuffsTanning substancesAdhesives used in industryClothingRead moreClothing, footwear, headgearCollective Membership MarkRead moreCollective Membership MarkCordage and fibersRead moreRopes, string, nets, tents, awnings, tarpaulins, sails, sacks and bags (not included in other classes)Padding and stuffing materials (except of rubber or plastics)Raw fibrous textile materialsCosmetics and cleaning preparationsRead moreBleaching preparations and other substances for laundry useCleaning, polishing, scouring and abrasive preparationsSoapsPerfumery, essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotionsDentifricesElectrical and scientific apparatusRead moreScientific, nautical, surveying, electric, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instrumentsApparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or imagesMagnetic data carriers, recording discsAutomatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin-operated apparatusCash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computersFire-extinguishing apparatusEnvironmental control apparatusRead moreApparatus for lighting, heating, steam generating, cooking, refrigerating, drying, ventilating, water supply and sanitary purposesFabricsRead moreTextiles and textile goods, not included in other classesBed and table coversFancy goodsRead moreLace and embroidery, ribbons and braidButtons, hooks and eyes, pins and needlesArtificial flowersFirearmsRead moreFirearmsAmmunition and projectilesExplosivesFireworksFloor coveringsRead moreCarpets, rugs, mats and matting, linoleum and other materials for covering existing floorsWall hangings (non-textile)Furniture and articles not otherwise classifiedRead moreFurniture, mirrors, picture framesGoods (not included in other classes) of wood, cork, reed, cane, wicker, horn, bone, ivory, whalebone, shell, amber, mother-of-pearl, meerschaum and substitutes for all these materials, or of plasticsGoods Certification MarkRead moreGoods Certification MarkHand toolsRead moreHand tools and implements (hand-operated)CutlerySide armsRazorsHousewares and glassRead moreHousehold or kitchen utensils and containers (not of precious metal or coated therewith)Combs and spongesBrushes (except paint brushes)Brush-making materialsArticles for cleaning purposesSteelwoolUnworked or semi-worked glass (except glass used in building)Glassware, porcelain and earthenware not included in other classesJewelryRead morePrecious metals and their alloys and goods in precious metals or coated therewith, not included in other classesJewellery, precious stonesHorological and chronometric instrumentsLeather goodsRead moreLeather and imitations of leather, and goods made of these materials and not included in other classesAnimal skins, hidesTrunks and travelling bagsUmbrellas, parasols and walking sticksWhips, harness and saddleryLight beveragesRead moreBeersMineral and aerated waters and other non-alcoholic drinksFruit drinks and fruit juicesSyrups and other preparations for making beveragesLubricants and fuelsRead moreIndustrial oils and greasesLubricantsDust absorbing, wetting and binding compositionsFuels (including motor spirit) and illuminantsCandles, wicksMachineryRead moreMachines and machine toolsMotors and engines (except for land vehicles)Machine coupling and transmission components (except for land vehicles)Agricultural implements (other than hand-operated)Incubators for eggsMeats and processed foodsRead moreMeat, fish, poultry and gameMeat extractsPreserved, dried and cooked fruits and vegetablesJellies, jams, fruit saucesEggs, milk and milk productsEdible oils and fatsMedical apparatusRead moreSurgical, medical, dental and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes and teethOrthopedic articlesSuture materialsMetal goodsRead moreCommon metals and their alloysMetal building materialsTransportable buildings of metalMaterials of metal for railway tracksNon-electric cables and wires of common metalIronmongery, small items of metal hardwarePipes and tubes of metalSafesGoods of common metal not included in other classesOresMusical InstrumentsRead moreMusical instrumentsNatural agricultural productsRead moreAgricultural, horticultural and forestry products and grains not included in other classesLive animalsFresh fruits and vegetablesSeeds, natural plants and flowersFoodstuffs for animals, maltNonmetallic building materialsRead moreBuilding materials (non-metallic)Non-metallic rigid pipes for buildingAsphalt, pitch and bitumenNon-metallic transportable buildingsMonuments, not of metalPaintsRead morePaints, varnishes, lacquersPreservatives against rust and against deterioration of woodColorantsMordantsRaw natural resinsMetals in foil and powder form for painters, decorators, printers and artistsPaper goods and printed matterRead morePaper, cardboard and goods made from these materials, not included in other classesPrinted matterBookbinding materialPhotographsStationeryAdhesives for stationery or household purposesArtists' materialsPaint brushesTypewriters and office requisites (except furniture)Instructional and teaching material (except apparatus)Plastic materials for packaging (not included in other classes)Playing cardsPrinters' typePrinting blocksPharmaceuticalsRead morePharmaceutical, veterinary and sanitary preparationsDietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babiesPlasters, materials for dressingsMaterial for stopping teeth, dental waxDisinfectantsPreparations for destroying verminFungicides, herbicidesRubber goodsRead moreRubber, gutta-percha, gum, asbestos, mica and goods made from these materials and not included in other classesPlastics in extruded form for use in manufacturePacking, stopping and insulating materialsFlexible pipes, not of metalSmokers’ articlesRead moreTobaccoSmokers' articlesMatchesStaple foodsRead moreCoffee, tea, cocoa, sugar, rice, tapioca, sago, artificial coffeeFlour and preparations made from cereals, bread, pastry and confectionery, icesHoney, treacleYeast, baking-powderSalt, mustardVinegar, sauces (condiments)SpicesIceToys and sporting goodsRead moreGames and playthingsGymnastic and sporting articles not included in other classesDecorations for Christmas treesVehiclesRead moreVehiclesApparatus for locomotion by land, air or waterWine and spiritsRead moreAlcoholic beverages (except beers)Yarns and threadsRead moreYarns and threads, for textile useServices
Advertising and businessRead moreAdvertisingBusiness managementBusiness administrationOffice functionsBuilding construction and repairRead moreBuilding constructionRepairInstallation servicesComputer and scientificRead moreScientific and technological services and research and design relating theretoIndustrial analysis and research servicesDesign and development of computer hardware and softwareLegal servicesEducation and entertainmentRead moreEducationProviding of trainingEntertainmentSporting and cultural activitiesHotels and restaurantsRead moreServices for providing food and drinkTemporary accommodationInsurance and financialRead moreInsuranceFinancial affairsMonetary affairsReal estate affairsMedical, beauty and agriculturalRead moreMedical servicesVeterinary servicesHygienic and beauty care for human beings or animalsAgriculture, horticulture and forestry servicesPersonalRead morePersonal and social services rendered by others to meet the needs of individualsSecurity services for the protection of property and individualsServices Certification MarkRead moreServices Certification MarkTelecommunicationsRead moreTelecommunicationsTransportation and storageRead moreTransportPackaging and storage of goodsTravel arrangementTreatment of materialsRead moreTreatment of materialsMemberships
Certification MarkCollective Membership MarkCollective Service MarkCollective TrademarkService MarkTrademark





Today on Verdict



The Democratsâ Better Way: Positive Messaging or Pandering to Trump Voters Who Are Never Coming Back?



George Washington law professor and economist praises Democrats for coming up with a message that preserves the partyâs commitment to social justice issues, rather than attempting to woo Trump voters by appealing to what Trump appealed to.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions

















CARGO BLOCKER Trademark of JT Products LLC - Registration Number 5188566 - Serial Number 86753930 :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








CARGO BLOCKER - Trademark DetailsStatus: 700 - RegisteredSerial Number86753930Registration Number5188566Word MarkCARGO BLOCKERStatus700 - RegisteredStatus Date2017-04-18Filing Date2015-09-11Registration Number5188566Registration Date2017-04-18Mark Drawing4000 - Standard character mark 
TypesetAttorney NameCraig A. RedingerLaw Office Assigned Location CodeM70Employee NameFRAZIER, TAMARA GStatementsGoods and Servicescargo securing bars for use in vehiclesClassification InformationInternational Class012 - Vehicles; apparatus for locomotion by land, air or water. - Vehicles; apparatus for locomotion by land, air or water.US Class Codes019, 021, 023, 031, 035, 044Class Status Code6 - ActiveClass Status Date2015-09-16Primary Code012First Use Anywhere Date2016-12-02First Use In Commerce Date2016-12-02Current Trademark OwnersParty NameJT Products LLCParty Type30 - Original RegistrantLegal Entity Type16 - Limited Liability CompanyAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Trademark Owner HistoryParty NameJT Products LLCParty Type30 - Original RegistrantLegal Entity Type16 - Limited Liability CompanyAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Party NameJT Products LLCParty Type10 - Original ApplicantLegal Entity Type16 - Limited Liability CompanyAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.CorrespondencesNameCRAIG A. REDINGERAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Trademark EventsEvent DateEvent Description2015-09-15NEW APPLICATION ENTERED IN TRAM2015-09-16NEW APPLICATION OFFICE SUPPLIED DATA ENTERED IN TRAM2015-12-28ASSIGNED TO EXAMINER2015-12-30NON-FINAL ACTION  WRITTEN2015-12-30NON-FINAL ACTION E-MAILED2015-12-30NOTIFICATION OF NON-FINAL ACTION E-MAILED2016-06-16TEAS AMENDMENT OF USE RECEIVED2016-06-17USE AMENDMENT FILED2016-06-17AMENDMENT TO USE PROCESSING COMPLETE2016-06-16TEAS RESPONSE TO OFFICE ACTION RECEIVED2016-06-16CORRESPONDENCE RECEIVED IN LAW OFFICE2016-06-17TEAS/EMAIL CORRESPONDENCE ENTERED2016-07-12NON-FINAL ACTION  WRITTEN2016-07-12NON-FINAL ACTION E-MAILED2016-07-12NOTIFICATION OF NON-FINAL ACTION E-MAILED2017-01-12TEAS AMENDMENT OF USE RECEIVED2017-01-12TEAS RESPONSE TO OFFICE ACTION RECEIVED2017-02-01ASSIGNED TO LIE2017-02-10CORRESPONDENCE RECEIVED IN LAW OFFICE2017-02-10TEAS/EMAIL CORRESPONDENCE ENTERED2017-03-05USE AMENDMENT ACCEPTED2017-03-05APPROVED FOR REGISTRATION SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTER2017-03-07NOTICE OF ACCEPTANCE OF AMENDMENT TO ALLEGE USE E-MAILED2017-03-08ASSIGNED TO LIE2017-03-16LAW OFFICE PUBLICATION REVIEW COMPLETED2017-04-18REGISTERED-SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTER





Today on Verdict



The Democratsâ Better Way: Positive Messaging or Pandering to Trump Voters Who Are Never Coming Back?



George Washington law professor and economist praises Democrats for coming up with a message that preserves the partyâs commitment to social justice issues, rather than attempting to woo Trump voters by appealing to what Trump appealed to.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions










GORDON BLOCKER & ASSOCIATES, LLC - GRAPEVINE, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



GRAPEVINE



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            GORDON BLOCKER & ASSOCIATES, LLC
                                    



 





















G 


GORDON BLOCKER & ASSOCIATES, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2801 HIGHCREST DR GRAPEVINE, TX 76051
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $51,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts GORDON BLOCKER






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Time Warner Cable Helps Phone Customers Block Unwanted Telemarketing and Robocalls With Easy Online Sign-up to 'Nomorobo' | Time Warner Cable








































Skip to Content







































































All News
Corporate
Local









SHARE

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn

 
PRINT
 

Back to News Articles




Time Warner Cable Helps Phone Customers Block Unwanted Telemarketing and Robocalls With Easy Online Sign-up to 'Nomorobo'
Customers now can add the call-blocking feature in one click through TWC VoiceZone® Web site

Release Date: 01/14/2016



LOS ANGELES (January 14, 2016) – Stopping unwanted telemarketing and robocalls is easier than ever for Time Warner Cable (TWC) Phone customers with a new, simple online sign up process for Nomorobo, a proven third-party call-blocking application. TWC has integrated the feature into its home phone management Website, VoiceZone®, so all it takes is one click to turn it on and enjoy more peace and quiet.
“With robocalls being the largest category of complaints at the Federal Communications Commission, we want to do everything we can to empower our customers to take control over the calls that come into their home,” said Jeff Lindsay, GVP and General Manager of TWC Home Phone. “Nomorobo, along with several other privacy features we offer, provides our customers peace of mind in knowing that illegal telemarketing and robocalls calls won’t get through.”
Nomorobo automatically blocks phone calls from many telemarketers and robocallers. The service takes advantage of Time Warner Cable’s “Answer Anywhere” technology, a feature unique to digital phone service that allows incoming calls to be routed to up to five different telephone lines. The call rings in the home and simultaneously at Nomorobo’s servers.  If the number is on a so-called “blacklist,” the call will end after one ring.
“Our all-digital phone technology allows us to bring sophisticated solutions to our customers. They can enjoy pure voice quality, unsurpassed reliability and advanced phone features like Nomorobo, our Phone2Go app, international calling at no extra cost and much more,” added Lindsay.
To add the free Nomorobo feature, phone customers should sign into TWC VoiceZone using their TWC ID. Under the settings tab, select call privacy then simply click on “turn on” Nomorobo. 
TWC offers additional free “Peace and Quiet” privacy features to phone customers that can be easily activated on the VoiceZone Web site.  With these features, customers can:

Block up to 30 specific phone numbers
Block calls from numbers with hidden caller ID information
Accept calls from up to 30 phone numbers and block all others
Block their number from being displayed through Caller ID for a particular call
Assign a special ringtone for up to 30 phone numbers

To learn more about TWC’s Phone plans and features, visit twc.com/phone.
About Time Warner Cable
Time Warner Cable Inc. (NYSE: TWC) is among the largest providers of video, high-speed data and voice services in the United States, connecting 16 million customers to entertainment, information and each other. Time Warner Cable Business Class offers data, video and voice services to businesses of all sizes, cell tower backhaul services to wireless carriers and enterprise-class, cloud-enabled hosting, managed applications and services. Time Warner Cable Media, the advertising sales arm of Time Warner Cable, offers national, regional and local companies innovative advertising solutions. More information about the services of Time Warner Cable is available at www.twc.com, www.twcbc.com and www.twcmedia.com.




Back to Top



 


 





















	Time Warner Cable - Investor Relations - Financial Reports & Filings - SEC Filings









































Español







Your Home
Your Business
TWC Central
About Us
Investor Relations
Careers
TWC Media







Pay Bill

Email



$

209.56
+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
49,704,200
From NYSE
May 17, 2017


















Company OverviewLeadershipCorporate ResponsibilityNewsCareersInvestor Relations

Stock Information

Stock Chart & QuoteHistorical Price LookupInvestment CalculatorDebt SecuritiesStock SplitsDividends

Investor NewsQuarterly EarningsFinancial Reports & Filings

Annual Meeting MaterialsSEC FilingsTrending Schedules

Events & Presentations

Past Events & Presentations

Resources

Investor FAQTransfer AgentRSS FeedsInvestor ContactsElectronic DeliveryInvestor AlertsInvestor Tool Kit

Corporate Governance

Board of DirectorsBoard Committee Charters

Audit CommitteeCompensation CommitteeFinance CommitteeMarketing and Customer Care CommitteeNominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Board Committee AssignmentsCodes of ConductCompany BylawsGovernance PolicyStatement on Political Contributions and Lobbying ActivitiesTime Warner Cable Management

Charter-TWC Merger Materials














 
/Investor Relations/Financial Reports & Filings/SEC Filings
    
    








Print



	Go Back
	







SEC Filings


















Products

Packages
TV
Internet
Phone
IntelligentHome




Services

Pay Your Bill Online
Ways to Pay Your Bill
Moving?
My Account Login
TWC Apps
Check Email
On Demand




Support

Browse Support
Program Your Remote
Channel Lineup
Closed Captioning
Welcome to TWC
TV Parental Controls
Internet Safety
Accessibility




Contact Us

TWC Forums
Contact Us
TWC Stores
Channel Feedback
Investor Relations
Careers




Other Sites

TWC Central
TWC News
TWC Media
Community Solutions
Connect a Million Minds
TWC SportsNet
TWC Exclusives
Espanol




Follow Us




Facebook


Twitter


Instagram


YouTube


Untangled Blog


Mi Cultura












Privacy Policy
|
Terms, Conditions & Policies
|
Regulatory
|
Forward-Looking Statements Caution
|
California Privacy Rights
|
Website Terms of Use




        © 2004-2016 Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC. All rights reserved.  Time Warner Cable and the Time Warner Cable logo are trademarks of Time Warner Inc., used under license.
    


Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5














	Time Warner Cable - Investor Relations - Financial Reports & Filings - Annual Meeting Materials









































Español







Your Home
Your Business
TWC Central
About Us
Investor Relations
Careers
TWC Media







Pay Bill

Email



$

209.56
+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
49,704,200
From NYSE
May 17, 2017


















Company OverviewLeadershipCorporate ResponsibilityNewsCareersInvestor Relations

Stock Information

Stock Chart & QuoteHistorical Price LookupInvestment CalculatorDebt SecuritiesStock SplitsDividends

Investor NewsQuarterly EarningsFinancial Reports & Filings

Annual Meeting MaterialsSEC FilingsTrending Schedules

Events & Presentations

Past Events & Presentations

Resources

Investor FAQTransfer AgentRSS FeedsInvestor ContactsElectronic DeliveryInvestor AlertsInvestor Tool Kit

Corporate Governance

Board of DirectorsBoard Committee Charters

Audit CommitteeCompensation CommitteeFinance CommitteeMarketing and Customer Care CommitteeNominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Board Committee AssignmentsCodes of ConductCompany BylawsGovernance PolicyStatement on Political Contributions and Lobbying ActivitiesTime Warner Cable Management

Charter-TWC Merger Materials














 
/Investor Relations/Financial Reports & Filings/Annual Meeting Materials
    
    








Print



	Go Back
	







Annual Reports



Launch 2014 Annual Report

Launch 2015 Proxy Statements
Special Shareholder Meeting Proxy




Files on this page are PDF.  Download Acrobat Reader free of charge.


Download



2013






Annual Reports


2013 Annual Report (PDF 6.92 MB)







2012






Annual Reports


2012 Annual Report (PDF 1.87 MB)







2011






Annual Reports


2011 Annual Report (PDF 683 KB)







2010






Annual Reports


2010 Annual Report (PDF 2.82 MB)







2009






Annual Reports


2009 Annual Report (PDF 1.70 MB)







2008






Annual Reports


2008 Annual Report (PDF 3.94 MB)







2007






Annual Reports


2007 Annual Report (PDF 904 KB)







2006






Annual Reports


2006 Annual Report (PDF 6.40 MB)









Archived Annual Reports







Archived Proxy Statements



View Archived Reports







- Click here for more information
These materials are dated as of the date originally issued and may now be out of date.








Products

Packages
TV
Internet
Phone
IntelligentHome




Services

Pay Your Bill Online
Ways to Pay Your Bill
Moving?
My Account Login
TWC Apps
Check Email
On Demand




Support

Browse Support
Program Your Remote
Channel Lineup
Closed Captioning
Welcome to TWC
TV Parental Controls
Internet Safety
Accessibility




Contact Us

TWC Forums
Contact Us
TWC Stores
Channel Feedback
Investor Relations
Careers




Other Sites

TWC Central
TWC News
TWC Media
Community Solutions
Connect a Million Minds
TWC SportsNet
TWC Exclusives
Espanol




Follow Us




Facebook


Twitter


Instagram


YouTube


Untangled Blog


Mi Cultura








Privacy Policy
|
Terms, Conditions & Policies
|
Regulatory
|
Forward-Looking Statements Caution
|
California Privacy Rights
|
Website Terms of Use




        © 2004-2016 Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC. All rights reserved.  Time Warner Cable and the Time Warner Cable logo are trademarks of Time Warner Inc., used under license.
    


Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5

















Vehicles Trademarks :: Trademark Resources :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








Vehicles Trademarks by Filing Date
201720162015201420132012201120102009200820072006200520042003200220012000199919981997199619951994199319921991199019891988198719861985198419831982198119801979197819771976197519741973197219711970196919681967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931193019291928192719261925192419231922192119201919191819171916191519141913191119101909190819071906190519031902189918981897189618931832Latest Vehicles Trademarks 






HALLETT

BoatsOwned by: Barron Boats, Inc.Serial Number: 87540489











EE-26

Brake air valves for land vehicles; Brakes for land vehicles; Braking systems for vehicles and parts thereofOwned by: New York Air Brake LLCSerial Number: 87540275











D6

Land motor vehicles, namely, automobiles and their engines; exterior insignia badges for vehiclesOwned by: Volvo Car CorporationSerial Number: 87540279











LUMISIGN

License plate framesOwned by: East 2 West LLCSerial Number: 87540538











G SPEC

Bicycle bells; Bicycle brake lever grips; Bicycle brakes; Bicycle frames and bicycle handlebar grips; Bicycle handlebar…Owned by: Tektro Technology CorporationSerial Number: 87539261











S50

Land motor vehicles, namely, automobiles and their engines; exterior insignia badges for vehicles; vehicle rooftop carriers…Owned by: Volvo Car CorporationSerial Number: 87540287











EP60/26

Brake air valves for land vehicles; Brakes for land vehicles; Braking systems for vehicles and parts thereofOwned by: New York Air Brake LLCSerial Number: 87540290











FURTADO

Bicycle and bicycle framesOwned by: Santa Cruz Bicycles, LLCSerial Number: 87540549











HUBJECT

Automatic vending machinesOwned by: Hubject GmbHSerial Number: 87540066











TELEMAX

Robots, namely machines for explosive ordinance detection and disposalOwned by: Telerob Gesellschaft fuer Fernhantierungstechnik mbHSerial Number: 87540094











CARBON LITE TRAILERS

Camping trailersOwned by: Carbon Lite Trailers, IncSerial Number: 87540104











BABYJOEY

Bicycles; Locomotives; Pushchairs; TrolleysOwned by: Liu WusongSerial Number: 87540872











MORECON

Air pumps for bicycles; Anti-theft devices for vehicles; Automobiles and structural parts therefor; Bicycle cranks; Bicycle…Owned by: Shenzhen Aigemafei Trading Co., LtdSerial Number: 87539349











Image Trademark

VEHICLE WHEELSOwned by: MOBILE HI-TECH WHEELSSerial Number: 87540636











HIWOWSPORT

Anti-skid chains for vehicles; Automobile bodies; Automobile chassis; Automobile hoods; Automobiles; Axles for vehicles;…Owned by: HANGZHOU HAIHUA IMPORT&EXPORT Co., Ltd.Serial Number: 87539371











SCOOTERBOARD

Electric cars; Electric bicycles; Sports utility vehicles; Balance cars; Two-wheel SUV; Three-wheel SUV; Electric self-balancing…Owned by: INMOTION TECHNOLOGY LLCSerial Number: 87540929











TECHMAN

Locomotives; Fork lift trucks; Motor coaches; Trucks; Vans; Engines for land vehicles; Motors for land vehicles; Motorcycles…Owned by: Foti Automobile Co., Ltd.Serial Number: 87540705











LLOYD'S BOARDS AND BIKES

Electric bicycles; Vehicles, namely, electronically motorized skateboardsOwned by: Lloyd's Sports Imports LLCSerial Number: 87540963











GLDIFA

Auto aftermarket accessories, namely, vehicle custom grills; Automobile bumper guards; Automotive aftermarket parts, namely…Owned by: Shanghai Xishi Electronic Business Co.,LtdSerial Number: 87540964











SUPERKOVER

Fitted covers for vehicles; Semi-fitted covers for vehicles; Soft tops for vehiclesOwned by: Otero Partners LLCSerial Number: 87540466










Today on Verdict



The Democratsâ Better Way: Positive Messaging or Pandering to Trump Voters Who Are Never Coming Back?



George Washington law professor and economist praises Democrats for coming up with a message that preserves the partyâs commitment to social justice issues, rather than attempting to woo Trump voters by appealing to what Trump appealed to.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions















Auto Seat Gap BLocker LLC Archives - Made In Michigan Products & Gifts






































 


























Select Page


  
 



 



 





Auto Seat Gap BLocker LLC

	Showing the single result


Default sorting
Sort by popularity
Sort by average rating
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low
On Sale




Auto Seat Gap Blocker
5 out of 5
$14.95
 Brand: Auto Seat Gap BLocker LLC

Add to cart

 Product Tagsgap blockerseat gap blocker 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Sister site of Michigan-Made.com!



























