



TWIN Capital Management





















Enhanced Index
Active Strategies
Lower Volatility
















Products
At TWIN, we use research and portfolio engineering skills to construct quantitative equity portfolios for institutional clients. Our model-driven approach has a number of applications and incorporates our distinguishing Fundamental Tilt® approach.
Over time, TWIN's product line has evolved to meet our clients' needs. 
Our products fall into three categories. Four are Enhanced Index strategies — low tracking error portfolios managed relative to different benchmarks. Each focuses on a distinct slice of the U.S. large-cap segment of the market and seeks to add value while maintaining exposures close to those of the benchmark.
A more Active diversified strategy utilizes a broader universe of large and midcap stocks and expects higher tracking error relative to the Russell 1000 index. And, a more concentrated small-cap strategy  is focused on outperformance relative to the Russell 2000 index.		
Finally, a Lower Volatility strategy selects dividend “payers and growers” from S&P 500  constituents to create a more defensive equity portfolio with a lower standard  deviation than the index, yet with potential for appreciation.



© 2017 TWIN Capital Management, Inc.   |   724.942.2000   |   info@twincapital.com
 Disclosures   |   Form ADV









TWIN Capital Management





















Enhanced Index
Active Strategies
Lower Volatility
















Products
Enhanced Index
The goal of TWIN's Enhanced Index products is to add value to large-cap benchmarks while dramatically controlling for active risk (tracking error). To accomplish this goal, TWIN applies its proprietary TWIN Equity stock valuation model to our disciplined, risk-controlled portfolio construction process.
The TWIN Equity Model is used to rank large and midcap stocks based on their relative attractiveness. This model was developed in-house and incorporates elements of valuation, earnings growth and quality. These ranks are used to select stocks, which are drawn from the Enhanced Index product's respective benchmark. Our Fundamental Tilt® approach helps us tilt portfolios a bit more toward size, style and other characteristics.
Enhanced Index products include:

Enhanced Equity - TWIN's flagship strategy provides clients with a diversified portfolio managed to add value relative to its S&P 500 benchmark.
Top Stocks - TWIN's most concentrated product, designed to add value relative to a customized mega-cap (largest 50 stocks in the S&P 500) benchmark.
Focus 200 - This diversified portfolio is managed to add value relative to its Russell Top 200 benchmark.
Custom-Screened Quality -  
		  This  Enhanced Index product is designed to add value relative to a customized,  quality-oriented benchmark. This benchmark is created by screening out low-quality  stocks from the Russell 1000 index.


All Enhanced Index portfolios are managed to be similar to the benchmark with respect to market beta, industry/sector allocations and other important risk characteristics. By offering an array of strategies, TWIN's clients can focus on a particular segment of the large-cap equity market where they would like to add value on a risk-controlled basis.



© 2017 TWIN Capital Management, Inc.   |   724.942.2000   |   info@twincapital.com
 Disclosures   |   Form ADV









TWIN Capital Management





















Welcome to TWIN
In your search for an investment manager, you look for a record of measurable results, consistency, continuity and sensitivity to your investment goals and constraints.  
You  also look for a commitment to superior client service.
For many institutional investors, these criteria have been found at TWIN Capital Management. We manage money for institutional investors — corporate and public pension plans, foundations and endowments, and Taft-Hartley plans.
At TWIN, we work with methodologies developed by the team that has led our firm since its founding. Our clients appreciate our adherence to their objectives and the consistency we bring to the investment process. Equally important to them is an investment process that won't be found elsewhere: our quantitative method with its unique Fundamental Tilt® approach.
TWIN Capital prides itself on its commitment to go  “above and beyond” expectations.   It is one of the reasons we still have clients who partnered with us for  over 20 years. 



© 2017 TWIN Capital Management, Inc.   |   724.942.2000   |   info@twincapital.com
 Disclosures   |   Form ADV





﻿






























Twin Capital Management Inc. Has $1,150,000 Stake in Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Caterpillar Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Caterpillar Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Upgrades State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) to Conviction-Buy
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $153,000 Position in Paycom Software, Inc. (NYSE:PAYC)
Twin Capital Management Inc. Has $1,150,000 Stake in Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT)
Credit Suisse Group Reiterates Neutral Rating for Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PTLA)
Comp En De Mn Cemig ADS (CIG) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.22
New York Community Bancorp (NYSE:NYCB) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.56
Very Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Hibbett Sports (NASDAQ:HIBB) Share Price
FedEx Corporation (FDX) Director Kim Jabal Sells 5,918 Shares
Robert B. Carter Sells 24,522 Shares of FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) Stock
Criteo S.A. (NASDAQ:CRTO) Insider Jean-Baptiste Rudelle Sells 20,925 Shares
Intertape Polymer Group (TSE:ITP) Director Melbourne F. Yull Sells 50,000 Shares
Workday, Inc. (NYSE:WDAY) Director Michael A. Stankey Sells 25,000 Shares
Chaart Gold Holdings Ltd (LON:CGH) Insider Purchases £15,841.25 in Stock
WisdomTree Japan SmallCap Div Fd (NYSEARCA:DFJ) Increases Dividend to $0.64 Per Share
Monks Investment Trust PLC (MNKS) Announces Dividend of GBX 1.25
Air Industries Group (AIRI) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31
Actua Corporation (ACTA) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.00
Atrion Corporation (ATRI) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Accern Reports
Digital Turbine (APPS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Alcobra (NASDAQ:ADHD) Share Price







Twin Capital Management Inc. Has $1,150,000 Stake in Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Twin Capital Management Inc. held its position in  Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 12,400 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Twin Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Caterpillar were worth $1,150,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of CAT. Howe & Rusling Inc. increased its position in  Caterpillar by 52.0% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 1,087 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $101,000 after buying an additional 372 shares during the last quarter.  First Personal Financial Services boosted its position in shares of  Caterpillar by 167.4% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 1,198 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 750 shares in the last quarter.  Financial Architects Inc boosted its position in shares of  Caterpillar by 5.7% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 1,215 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 65 shares in the last quarter.  Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Caterpillar during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $125,000.  Finally, Ledyard National Bank boosted its position in shares of  Caterpillar by 145.7% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 1,425 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 845 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.70% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Caterpillar Inc. alerts:



Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) opened at 106.59 on Friday. The stock’s market capitalization is $62.79 billion. Caterpillar, Inc. has a 52-week low of $78.34 and a 52-week high of $110.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $106.32 and a 200-day moving average of $99.06.  Caterpillar also was the target of some unusual options trading on Thursday. Stock traders bought  14,052 put options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 107% compared to the average volume of 6,777 put options.





Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.62 by $0.66. Caterpillar had a positive return on equity of 16.46% and a negative net margin of 0.38%. The business had revenue of $9.82 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.27 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.67 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.8% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts predict that  Caterpillar, Inc. will post $4.27 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, August 19th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, July 20th will be issued a $0.78 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, July 18th. This represents a $3.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.93%. This is an increase from Caterpillar’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.77. Caterpillar’s dividend payout ratio  is presently -1,155.51%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Twin Capital Management Inc. Has $1,150,000 Stake in Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/twin-capital-management-inc-has-1150000-position-in-caterpillar-inc-nysecat-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. UBS AG  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $102.00 price objective (up previously from $98.00) on shares of Caterpillar in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Axiom Securities  reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Caterpillar in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Caterpillar from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $121.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Vetr upgraded shares of Caterpillar from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $89.96 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 target price on shares of Caterpillar in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned  a hold rating, eleven have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $97.72.
Caterpillar Company Profile








Receive News & Ratings for Caterpillar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caterpillar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿






























Xylem (XYL) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Xylem Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Xylem Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

China Southern Airlines Company Limited (ZNH) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows
Atria Investments LLC Acquires 1,507 Shares of HSBC Holdings PLC (HSBC)
Westmoreland Resource Partners, (WMLP) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.16
Xylem (XYL) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds
WAVE Life Sciences (WVE) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.02
Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Has $187,000 Position in CBS Corporation (CBS)
Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Lowers Stake in Roper Technologies, Inc. (ROP)
Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Boosts Position in Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN)
Keane Group Inc’s (FRAC) Lock-Up Period Will End  on July 19th
Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) Upgraded by UBS AG to Neutral
Watsco (WSO.B) & Graham Corporation (NYSE:GHM) Head-To-Head Survey
Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (NYSE:SCM) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.11
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (REGN) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Lowers Commonwealth Bank of Australia-ADR (CBAUY) to Neutral
Brokerages Expect Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HIG) to Post $0.98 EPS
Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $7.88 Billion
Blueprint Medicines Corporation (NASDAQ:BPMC) Insider Sells $397,104.90 in Stock
Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for James River Group Holdings, Ltd. Issued By FBR & Co (NASDAQ:JRVR)
Jefferies Group Weighs in on Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:CRZO)







Xylem (XYL) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Media headlines about Xylem (NYSE:XYL) have trended somewhat positive recently, Accern Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group rates the sentiment of media coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Accern ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Xylem earned a news impact score of 0.24 on Accern’s scale. Accern also gave news headlines about the industrial products company an impact score of 77 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. 
These are some of the headlines that may have effected Accern Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: 


 Get Xylem Inc. alerts:




Technical Indicator Scrutiny For Xylem Inc (XYL) – Bulletin News (orobulletin.com)
Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL) Stake Held by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt (hoyentv.com)
Swell Investing: Building A Portfolio Of Companies Make The World A Better Place (nasdaq.com)
Global Chemical Transducers Market 2017 – ABB, 3M, Emerson Electric, Delphi Automotive, Delphian Corporation, Honeywell, Siemens AG, Xylem Inc (sbwire.com)
Xylem : buys smart water analytics company Visenti (4-traders.com)

Shares of Xylem (NYSE:XYL) traded up 1.21% during trading on Friday, hitting $57.62. 1,169,823 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a market cap of $10.36 billion, a P/E ratio of 41.45 and a beta of 1.18. Xylem has a 1-year low of $45.60 and a 1-year high of $57.66. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $54.55 and its 200 day moving average is $50.91. 





Xylem (NYSE:XYL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.39 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.01. Xylem had a return on equity of 15.53% and a net margin of 6.75%. The company had revenue of $1.07 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.05 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.35 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 26.4% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts forecast that  Xylem will post $2.31 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
XYL has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Cowen and Company boosted their price objective on shares of Xylem from $56.00 to $60.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC upgraded shares of Xylem from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their target price for the company from $51.00 to $59.00 in a research note on Monday, May 15th. CIBC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 target price on shares of Xylem in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  set a $58.00 target price on shares of Xylem and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of Xylem from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Xylem  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $56.85.
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Xylem (XYL) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds” was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/somewhat-positive-media-coverage-likely-to-impact-xylem-xyl-stock-price-updated.html. 
In other news, Director Steven R. Loranger sold 66,132 shares of Xylem stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.01, for a total transaction of $3,637,921.32. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 65,030 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,577,300.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Tomas Brannemo sold 14,080 shares of Xylem stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.36, for a total value of $709,068.80. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 21,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,057,560. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.75% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Xylem
Xylem Inc is a water technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and services engineered solutions across a range of critical applications. It is an equipment and service provider for water and wastewater applications with a portfolio of products and services addressing the cycle of water, from collection, distribution and use to the return of water to the environment.







Receive News & Ratings for Xylem Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xylem Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Twin Capital Management Inc                                                                                              - Canonsburg                                        , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Canonsburg



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Twin Capital Management Inc
                                    



 





















T 


Twin Capital Management Inc                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3244 WASHINGTON RD # 202 CANONSBURG, PA 15317
Get Directions



(724) 942-2000
www.twincapital.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 1990
 Incorporated PA
 Annual Revenue $2,543,948.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Geoffrey Gerber                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Twin Capital Management Inc                                                                                              was founded in 1990, and is located at 3244 Washington Rd # 202 in Canonsburg. Additional information is available at www.twincapital.com                                                                                      or by contacting Geoffrey Gerber                                                                                                          at (724) 942-2000. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Twin Capital Management, LLC.























  

HomeInvestment StrategyTeamDavid J SimonKevin Gahwyler Brett PatelskyMichael D. HorganNews Contact

 
  



 




 



Client Login ....



User name



Password



Remember me






Forgot your password?


Forgot your username?


Create account














 

 

Twin Capital Management LLC
 
Twin Capital Management LLC is an alternative investment management firm founded by David Simon in 1988. The firm manages equity-based, event-driven strategies with the goal of consistently producing superior, risk-adjusted, and uncorrelated returns. Twin Capital Management’s investment process is uniquely designed to identify, analyze and maximize the upside of opportunities, while minimizing risk.
 
Twin Capital Management’s seasoned investment team has more than 50 years of collective investment experience and senior portfolio management experience. The firm’s core values include strong internal risk controls, a historical record of transparency and accessibility and an ethical approach to investing. Twin Capital Management, headquartered in New York, is continually striving to implement best practices in all areas of operations.
Google+









 
 

© Twin Capital Management, LLC  | Site Design by: Connect Computer











TWIN Capital Management





















Welcome to TWIN
In your search for an investment manager, you look for a record of measurable results, consistency, continuity and sensitivity to your investment goals and constraints.  
You  also look for a commitment to superior client service.
For many institutional investors, these criteria have been found at TWIN Capital Management. We manage money for institutional investors — corporate and public pension plans, foundations and endowments, and Taft-Hartley plans.
At TWIN, we work with methodologies developed by the team that has led our firm since its founding. Our clients appreciate our adherence to their objectives and the consistency we bring to the investment process. Equally important to them is an investment process that won't be found elsewhere: our quantitative method with its unique Fundamental Tilt® approach.
TWIN Capital prides itself on its commitment to go  “above and beyond” expectations.   It is one of the reasons we still have clients who partnered with us for  over 20 years. 



© 2017 TWIN Capital Management, Inc.   |   724.942.2000   |   info@twincapital.com
 Disclosures   |   Form ADV





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


