Tyme's Radical Approach To Fighting Cancer Could Be A Blockbuster - Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCMKTS:TYMI) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Tyme's Radical Approach To Fighting Cancer Could Be A BlockbusterApr.21.15 | About: Tyme Technologies, (TYMI) BioNap Long/short equitySummaryTyme, Inc. is a clinical stage pharmaceutical company developing highly targeted cancer therapeutics to treat a wide range of oncology indications.The company’s lead product, SM-88, is a drug cocktail of four drugs (three of which are FDA approved) that work synergistically to target unique metabolic features of cancer cells.SM-88 was tested in a proof-of-concept clinical study in 30 Stage IV metastatic cancer patients; results showed a 20% overall response rate and 72% with stable disease.Tyme is currently assembling an Investigational New Drug (IND) filing to conduct a Phase 2 clinical trial in 80-120 metastatic breast cancer patients.We view Tyme as an intriguing play in the oncology space and rate the shares a ‘Buy’ with a $12 price target.By Jason Napodano, CFA & David Bautz, PhD
We are initiating coverage of Tyme, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI) with a Buy rating and a price target of $12. Tyme is a pharmaceutical company that is developing unique oncology therapeutics designed to exploit the aberrant metabolic characteristics of cancer cells that make them susceptible to subtle shifts in nutrient availability. The company's lead candidate, SM-88, is a propriety drug cocktail that was developed to attack the altered metabolic profile of cancer cells while sparing normal tissue. The company is initially targeting metastatic breast cancer patients who have exhausted all traditional chemotherapeutic and "targeted" treatment options.
Cancer
Globally, approximately 14 million people are estimated to develop cancer in 2015, with roughly six million in developed countries and eight million in developing countries (American Cancer Society). This number has been projected to grow to approximately 22 million cancer cases and 13.2 million deaths worldwide by 2030, driven by the aging of the global population and continued prevalence of environmental factors, such as tobacco consumption, which represent known drivers of cancer. It is estimated that roughly 1.7 million individuals develop one or another form of cancer each year in the U.S., and that approximately 600,000 deaths occur each year in the U.S. from these various malignancies. The National Cancer Institute (NCI), which was originally established in 1937 with an annual budget of $700,000, currently spends approximately $6 billion each year to research and develop cures for the different types of cancer that are now known to develop. Virtually every organ and tissue type in the human body is potentially prone to the development and uncontrolled proliferation of aberrant cells, which is the hallmark of cancer.


While there are an estimated 15 million Americans currently living with cancer or who have survived cancer (i.e., achieved remission from disease), the continued increase in incidence rates and the fact that cancer remains one of the leading causes of death globally mean that cancer remains a significant unmet medical need and a considerable public health problem. One in every eight deaths is due to cancer; it is the leading cause of death in developed countries and the second-leading cause of death (after heart disease) in developing nations (World Health Organization). Existing therapeutic approaches are often either only palliative (addressing the symptoms without meaningfully enhancing survival) or marginally effective (adding a few months or even only weeks to the patient's expected survival time), while remaining highly burdensome from a safety and tolerability perspective. The consequences of chemotherapy and radiation are well known to the public as most people know of someone who has received either treatment. Safe, effective treatment of cancer today remains more of a challenge than ever.
Cancer Survival Rates Highly Dependent on Cancer Stage
Staging refers to determining how much cancer is in a patient's body along with where it is located. Oncologists use staging to help plan treatment and to predict a patient's prognosis. While most cancers are staged, some, such as leukemia (cancer of the blood), are not staged as they are spread throughout the body.
While many staging systems have been developed, the most widely used is the TNM Classification of Malignant Tumors, which is maintained by the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) such that there is one globally recognized standard for classifying cancer. In the TNM system, each cancer is assigned a letter or number to describe the tumor, node, and metastases.



T stands for the original (primary) tumor.

Tx = tumor can't be measured.

T0 = no evidence of a primary tumor.

Tis = carcinoma in situ (cancer cells only growing in superficial layer of tissue with no growth into deeper tissues.

T1, T2, T3, T4 = describes tumor size and/or amount of spread; the larger the T number, the larger the tumor and/or more it has grown into nearby tissue.



N stands for nodes. It tells whether the cancer has spread to the nearby lymph nodes.

Nx = lymph nodes can't be evaluated.

N0 = no cancer in nearby lymph nodes.

N1, N2, N3 = describes the size, location, and/or the number of nearby lymph nodes with cancer; the higher the N number, the greater the cancer spread to nearby lymph nodes.



M stands for metastasis. It tells whether the cancer has spread to distant parts of the body.

M0 = no sign of distant cancer spread.

M1 = cancer has spread to distant organs or tissues.



Once the T, N, and M values have been determined they are combined to assign an overall stage. For most cancers, the stage is a Roman numeral from I to IV, where stage IV is the highest and means that the cancer is more advanced and has spread.

Stage 0. Also known as carcinoma in situ, this is an early form of cancer where there is a flat lesion but no invasion of malignant cells into the surrounding tissue. Although this can develop into full-blown cancer, some doctors do not consider this as cancer but "pre-cancer."
Stage I. Tumors in this stage are usually smaller than 2 centimeters (CM) in diameter and are localized to their site of origin. Lymph nodes are not affected and there is no sign of metastasis (spreading to other parts of the body).
Stage II. Tumors in this stage measure 2-5 cm, but are still localized to their site of origin since they have not invaded other tissues or metastasized. Local lymph nodes may be affected. Stage II tumors are considered to be locally advanced tumors.

Stage III. Tumors in this stage are fairly large, measuring more than 5 cm in diameter. This late, locally advanced stage affects nearby lymph nodes and it may be difficult to differentiate from stage II cancer.
Stage IV. Tumors in this stage may be of any size, affecting nearby lymph nodes and showing evidence of metastasis to other organs or regions of the body. A secondary cancer may develop during this stage. The overall physical and mental health of the patient may be affected and the historical survival rate is very low. The outlook for patients diagnosed at this point in the disease represents the most clarifying indication of the importance of catching cancer early, before metastasis has occurred and prior to the possible development of drug resistance-conferring mutations.
Cancer stage is assigned when a person is first diagnosed before any treatment is given. An important point to remember is that the stage does not change over time no matter if the cancer shrinks, grows, spreads, or reappears after treatment. The cancer is still referred to by the stage when it was first diagnosed; however, additional information may be added to better describe the current situation. For example, a woman diagnosed with Stage II breast cancer that had the cancer respond to treatment and disappear only to return and spread to her bones still has Stage II breast cancer. The current diagnosis would just be amended to say "Stage II breast cancer with bone metastases".
Cancer survival rates are often used to describe what percentage of patients with a certain cancer would be expected to be alive after a given length of time. Cancer statistics are often expressed in terms of five-year overall survival. For instance, if the five-year survival rate for a given cancer was 78%, that means 78 out of 100 people diagnosed with that cancer would be alive after five years, while 22 out of every 100 would be dead.
The survival rates for patients diagnosed with Stage IV cancer are decidedly sobering. The following chart shows what percentage of lung cancer diagnoses are made for each stage along with the five-year survival rates for those stages (Localized is considered Stage I or II, Regional is Stage III, and Distant is Stage IV). The survival rates plummet for patients diagnosed with late-stage disease.


The above chart demonstrates that, while the prognosis for surviving lung cancer if it is caught in the early stages - before it has metastasized (i.e. spread from its initial location to other sites in the body) - is relatively good, the likelihood of remaining alive five years post-diagnosis if the cancer is already Stage IV is very poor (only 4%). This underscores the significance of the problem remaining today despite the fact that cancer patients overall are living six times longer now than they were in the 1970s (NIH Factsheet on Cancer).
Essentially all Stage IV cancers are associated with a grim prognosis compared to earlier stages of the disease. While the five-year survival rate is only an estimate, as many factors influence the progression of disease, the following table summarizes the very low five-year survival rates for different types of Stage IV cancers, with the data showing a clear need for better treatment options for these patients.

Current Treatment Options Insufficient for Late Stage Cancer Patients
The standard-of-care treatment for cancer diagnosed at its earliest stages involves localizing the problem. Typically, patients will undergo surgical intervention to remove a tumor with the hope that the cancerous tissue can be removed entirely before it has a chance to spread. Surgery is often accompanied by radiation (external beam, intraoperative, or brachytherapy). Both surgery and radiation can be deployed in combination with chemotherapy. Treatment of cancer if detected early is typically successful, as judged by the high five-year survival rates for early stage cancers. This has been aided by the huge advancements made in the development of successful cancer treatments, as shown in the chart below.


While a multitude of anti-cancer agents has been developed and commercialized over the past 50 years, they remain relatively ineffective when deployed against late-stage cancers and their side effects can be considerable and highly debilitating. In addition, patients with Stage IV cancer and their physicians choose treatment options to extend life, not to find a cure, as there remain few treatment options that offer the possibility of a complete response in a late stage cancer patient. Different types of chemotherapy remain the standard of care for late stage cancer patients, however the side effects of chemotherapy can be substantial and these side effects can impact quality of life, functional independence, and overall well-being. Therefore, we believe that therapeutics that target late stage cancer are desperately needed as there is a total lack of safe and effective treatments for patients suffering from late stage cancer.
SM-88 Overview
Tumor cells are metabolically distinct from normal cells as a direct result of the modulation of intracellular signaling pathways that are altered by different genes through mutation and/or increased expression. Altered signaling pathways not only enable cells to adapt to tumor cell metabolism, but several of these metabolic alterations are also essential for malignant transformation (DeBerardinis et al., 2008). However, these altered signaling pathways also represent opportunities for therapeutic intervention, as a slight perturbation in nutrient availability is enough to send the cancer cell into distress. SM-88 is based on attacking various points of a cancer cell's unique metabolic profile, and - as opposed to most current cancer treatments that target one or two signaling pathways - it is designed to attack at least three separate metabolic pathways that render the cancer cell incapable of acquiring the necessary nutrients to rapidly divide. This ultimately pushes the cell into senescence or cell death.

Unlike most cancer treatments, which are developed by trained medical researchers and tested in animal models, SM-88 was developed by an engineer - Steve Hoffman (Tyme's current CEO) - who became interested in the manner by which electromagnetic radiation killed tumor cells. He scoured the medical literature in a way that was different from the approach typically taken by classically trained cancer investigators. In this approach, tumor cells were viewed to be vulnerable due to the aberrant nature of their metabolism, and mechanisms defined in the literature were invoked both serially and in parallel to attack tumors using already developed agents. Also unusual was the conscious decision to eschew the use of any preclinical models to test the underlying assumptions in animals. Rather, based upon extensive reading and an effective understanding of the medical literature, a theoretical approach was developed to attack and kill tumor cells selectively while sparing normal cells; and this was then tested in people. Thus far results have been quite encouraging - all while sparing late-stage cancer patients the debilitating side effects associated with chemotherapy, most of which are directly linked to chemotherapy's lack of specificity (i.e., its targeting of any rapidly-proliferating cells).
SM-88 Proof-of-Concept Trial
In November 2011, Luminant Biosciences (the precursor company to Tyme) filed for approval of a clinical trial for SM-88 (then known as SMK) with the Institutional Review Board (IRB) of New York Downtown Hospital. The company enrolled 30 patients with advanced metastatic cancer in the single-center, open-label, proof-of-concept clinical trial. The purpose of the trial was to determine the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of SM-88 in subjects with advanced metastatic cancer. Additional exploratory endpoints were the assessment of progression free survival, objective response rate, duration of response, overall survival, and patient reported outcomes including health-related Quality-of-Life ((QoL)) and disease/treatment-related symptoms. Between January and December 2012 30 subjects were enrolled into the study. The patient population was comprised of 14 breast cancer, 4 non-small cell lung cancer, 3 pancreatic cancer, 2 prostate cancer, and one each of small cell lung, hepatic, tongue, appendix, thyroid, colon, and cancer of an unknown tissue of origin. The patients had failed all available anti-cancer treatments and each was given less than one year to live.

Patients received one to 10 courses of therapy, with each course consisting of daily SM-88 administration, five days per week, for a total of six weeks. The therapy was well tolerated, with all drug related adverse events occurring within the first treatment cycle, with the exception of hyperpigmentation, which eventually occurred in all patients. Drug-related or possibly drug-related adverse events (AES) were mild-to-moderate, self-limiting, and did not require therapy and are shown in the following table.

It is noteworthy that common side effects of chemotherapy - such as nausea, vomiting, various other gastrointestinal side effects (e.g., GI tract bleeding, constipation, etc.), hair loss, anemia, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, immune system compromise, and neurotoxicity - were noticeably absent in this trial. The safety profile alone appeared to indicate that the therapy does not adversely impact normal physiological processes or harm normal cells or tissues. Long-term repeat dosing did not appear to increase the toxicity of the regimen, which is also a substantial differentiator compared to chemotherapy.
In this study, the most striking findings were on the level of tumor response and patient survival. The last assessment of tumor responses was performed on November 15, 2013 and at that time 25 of 30 treated subjects were evaluable according to the Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) classification guidelines (Therasse et al., 2000). The results are presented in the following table.


Evaluation of target lesions according to RECIST is defined by the following:

Complete Response (CR): Disappearance of all target lesions
Partial Response (PR): At least a 30% decrease in the sum of the longest diameter (LD) of target lesions, taking as reference the baseline sum LD
Stable Disease (SD): Neither sufficient shrinkage to qualify for PR nor sufficient increase to qualify for PD, taking as reference the smallest sum LD since the treatment started
Progressive Disease (PD): At least a 20% increase in the sum of the LD of target lesions, taking as reference the smallest sum LD recorded since treatment started or appearance of ≥1 new lesions

Evaluation of non-target lesions according to RECIST is defined by the following:

Complete Response : Disappearance of all non-target lesions and normalizing of marker levels
Incomplete Response/ Stable Disease : Persistence of one or more non-target lesion(s) or/and maintenance of tumor marker level above the normal limits
Progressive Disease (PD): Appearance of one or more new lesions and/or unequivocal progression of existing non-target lesions

There are a number of ways to report clinical trial data for cancer therapies (Kogan et al., 2008). Objective response rate (ORR) is defined by the FDA as the "proportion of patients with a tumor size reduction of a predefined amount and for a minimum period of time", in other words CR + PR. For the SM-88 trial, there was an ORR of 20%. Perhaps the most striking piece of data from the SM-88 trial was the 72% of patients who achieved stable disease . Interestingly, while most companies (and investors) focus on CR and ORR, a 2009 study from Japan in 602 patients with lung cancer showed very little difference in overall survival between those patients with CR/PR (16.1 months) compared to patients with SD (15.2 months) (Watanabe et al., 2009).
In recent years a number of studies have been reporting the Disease Control Rate (DCR), which is the ORR + SD. For the SM-88 trial, the DCR was 92%. The DCR was shown to be a more powerful predictor of survival than ORR in a lung cancer study (Lara et al., 2008) and in analysis of three separate breast cancer studies (Liu et al., 2011).

It should be noted that the five of the 30 patients that were not evaluable were excluded not because they were deceased, in fact they are all still alive, but because of the strict criteria that must be met for inclusion that includes having a certain number of scans available for evaluation. The excluded patients were typically missing one of the necessary scans. If included in the last assessment, the five excluded patients included three complete responses and two partial responses. Including these patients in the final analysis lifts the ORR to 33% (10/30) and the DCR to 93% (28/30), results that are quite impressive for a group of patients with Stage IV cancer.
It is impossible to directly compare the data from the SM-88 study to those generated in other oncology trials with different experimental or approved therapies, particularly since there was no control arm in the SM-88 trial. However, it is interesting to compare the data to other studies in patients deemed refractory to at least one line of chemotherapy prior to study entry. In such settings, there are examples such as the following:

Colorectal cancer: Erbitux (irinotecan-refractory patients): 10.5% PR, 35% SD (Saltz et al., 2004).
Metastatic breast cancer:Tykerb + Herceptin: 10.3% ORR (O Sullivan et al., 2014).

Perjeta: 3.4% ORR (Zagouri et al., 2013).
Non-small cell lung cancer:Erlotinib: 8.9% ORR (vs. <1% on placebo) (Shepherd et al., 2005).
Another intriguing aspect of the data from the first proof-of-concept clinical trial of SM-88 was the long-term survival of the patients from this study. As of June 2014, more than two years after the trial began, 17/30 patients were still alive and 8/14 breast cancer subjects remained alive. Accordingly, median survival had still not been reached either in the overall group or the cohort of patients with breast cancer. In an environment where next-generation therapeutics typically provide only a few extra months or weeks of survival benefit, an approach that seemingly adds years to patients' lives seems to be substantially differentiated. The charts below depict the Kaplan-Meier curves of this population.


While there is no current long-term follow-up data from this study available, it is worthwhile pointing out that even if the survival results had not improved at all from the last recorded time point, survival of >2.5 years for patients with Stage IV, disseminated disease that had been heavily pre-treated is unprecedented. The meager survival-promoting effects of currently-marketed anti-cancer agents is well-documented - a notable example is that of the Roche / Genentech drug Avastin® (bevacizumab), which has achieved the following survival results in various heavily pretreated, refractory patient populations:

Advanced breast cancer: no survival benefit
Advanced cervical cancer: ↑ 3.7 months
Advanced colorectal cancer: ↑ 2.2 months
Advanced lung cancer: ↑ 4 months
Advanced glioblastoma: no survival benefit
Advanced renal cancer: no survival benefit

Avastin® has been associated with a litany of side effects, including potentially life-threatening blood clots in the lungs, hemorrhages, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headaches, dizziness, abdominal pain, and reduced white cell counts. The drug's cost is also a substantial drawback - currently, Avastin® costs over $50,000 per patient for only four to five months of therapy.
Virtually all patients manifested dramatic and rapid improvements in Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status (PS), European Organization for the Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) quality-of-life (QoL) measures, and self-reported pain scores during the first six-week course of treatment. These changes were rapid, dramatic, and durable in nature, as shown in the following charts for all treated patients and for just breast cancer (BC) patients. Once these improvements had occurred, they persisted. Only one patient in this trial entered with an ECOG PS of 0, and 14 patients had a PS of 0 after six weeks of therapy. It is worth noting that the patient with an ECOG PS of 4 improved to a PS of 1 during this time. A dramatic improvement in self-reported pain was seen in all patients. Four patients entered the trial with no pain, which improved to 12 patients by the end of the initial six weeks. The impact of SM-88 therapy on these outcome measures could be considered even more differentiating than the impact on survival, because there are virtually no therapeutic agents currently marketed to treat cancer that are capable of providing these kinds of benefits to patients.



The EORTC QLQ C30 quality of life assessment tool incorporates nine multi-item scales, five functional scales (physical, role, cognitive, emotional, and social), three symptom scales (fatigue, pain, and nausea and vomiting), and a global health and quality-of-life scale. Unlike the pain and performance status scales in which low scores are good, the EORTC QoL goes from 0 = worst QoL to 7 = best QoL. Eleven of the 30 treated patients entered the study with excellent or near-excellent QoL ratings; by the end of the first six weeks, 23/30 patients fell into this category.

Anecdotal evidence of efficacy has also been gathered from additional patients, who were treated on a compassionate use basis. Among the more striking cases were:
The report of an 18-year old male with Stage IV Ewing's sarcoma and bone metastases, who had previously been treated aggressively with surgery - including the removal of a kidney - to no avail, and who was also treated with various chemotherapeutic drugs (cyclophosphamide, vincristine, doxorubicin, irinotecan, and temozolomide), without success and who was given weeks to live, yet who exhibited a dramatic response to SM-88 treatment and who is still alive roughly nine months post-SM-88 dosing;

A 22-year old male with Stage IV non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL), who was refractory to radiation, chemotherapy, and targeted therapy (brentuximab vedotin, known by the trade name Adcetris®) at the time of treatment with SM-88, who achieved a complete response after less than two months on treatment;
A 56-year-old male with Stage IV prostate cancer, who experienced normalization of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) levels after only two weeks of treatment with SM-88. The compassionate access experience provides further evidence of the broad-spectrum activity achieved with this approach, as well as the activity across both solid and liquid tumor types.
In summary, SM-88 appears to be a safe and well-tolerated therapeutic regimen that induced unexpected increases in survival in a variety of Stage IV patients with many different tumor types, along with rapid and profound improvements in performance status, quality-of-life, and pain outcome measures in all treated patients. It is noteworthy that these responses occurred in "salvage" patients with fully disseminated Stage IV tumors who had failed all prior therapies - many of whom were referred by Memorial-Sloan Kettering Cancer Center (MSKCC) in New York City, as no approved treatment options remained for these patients.
Mechanism of Action Hypothesis
Tyme has a fundamentally different approach to thinking about the origins of cancer that in turn guides the approach taken to both better understand and treat the disease. The insights developed by Tyme are based on the well-established understanding that tumor cells have an altered metabolic profile compared to normal tissue. Cancer cells do not use the typical method of energy production to generate adenosine triphosphate (ATP) from glucose, in which 32 molecules of ATP are produced from each glucose molecule (oxidative phosphorylation) and about 2% of the utilized oxygen gives rise to free radicals, also known as reactive oxygen species (ROS). Rather, cancer cells rely solely on glycolysis, an inefficient process that only generates two molecules of ATP from each glucose molecule and which gives rise to significantly higher levels of ROS. As a result, cancer cells are continually taking-up nutrients while simultaneously existing on the edge of free radical damage. They require a very high level of nutrients to burn for energy and for biosynthesis of proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids due to their hyper-proliferative state. Cancer cells have a preferred order to their diet, starting with available glucose and in absence of sugars, the cancer cell will switch to amino acids and ultimately lipids.

Cancer cells' hunger and aberrant energy metabolism create an opportunity to intervene in the tumor cell life cycle in a manner that kills cancer cells without damaging normal healthy tissue. Tyme accomplishes this by using combinations of approved drugs at lower doses than usual and with novel amino acid isomers that have never before been used in man. Tyme has developed a drug methodology that compromises the unique metabolic attributes of cancer cells that ultimately weakens the cancer leading to repeatable induced necrosis of the cancer cells.
In summary:
The first component of Tyme's proprietary regimen creates an artificial ketogenic state in the body. The cancer cells respond to this signal of loss of available glucose as a food supply and the tumor cells in turn increase their uptake of amino acids. Cancer cells have a preference for certain amino acids, and because the same agent potentiates a system in the cancer cell called LAT1 transfer, the cell can be compelled to less selectively consume nutrients during this induced starvation reaction.
Tyme provides modified amino acids as part of the treatment regimen that the cell uses avidly, but which are actually non-nutritive. The effect is to impair protein synthesis, thus resulting in an inability for the cancer cell to perform a variety of cellular functions.
A third component of the regimen stimulates the liver to produce increased cholesterol and related molecules. These lipids are the source of much of the free radical generation in the body, and with the increased uptake of cholesterol and lipids by cancer cells to support the hyper-proliferative state they gain entry into the cell and can be exploited to generate an abundance of free radicals.
Fourthly, another catalytic molecule is contained in Tyme's SM-88 product that increases the availability of electrons to be used in the generation of free radicals. This has a number of effects, which include:
Free radical damage to the cell membrane itself, making the cell leak its contents,
Free radical damage to "lipid rafts" in the cell membrane which are scaffolds that anchor a variety of membrane receptors and signaling molecules that regulate cell function,
The stimulation of high levels of free radicals in the mitochondria, where ATP is produced and which are sensitive to free radical damage. Polar lipids produce more free radicals than the mitochondria can neutralize and the resultant damage to the mitochondria results in a catastrophic loss of energy production and rapid cell death.



Cancer cells are thus killed in a process that has little effect on healthy tissue, and, with natural agents as the inducers of necrosis, these agents are able to cross the blood-brain barrier (BBB) and other difficult-to-access, boundary-protected organs and tissue.
Since three of the four components of the regimen are based on "repurposed" agents - drugs that have been approved and marketed for many years to treat non-cancer-related conditions - and since these agents are deployed in the context of SM-88 at dosages far below the levels that they are marketed and used at currently, there are unlikely to be safety issues associated with them in the current cancer treatment context. The fourth component of SM-88 is a modified version of an existing, naturally occurring amino acid. The only modification made involves rendering this version non-nutritive. Given these considerations, it appears reasonable to assume that SM-88 can be advanced through clinical development and regulatory review without the safety considerations attendant upon de novo compounds. The multi-factorial nature of SM-88 and the fact that it targets the principles underlying cancer itself - regardless of the cell type or tissue of origin - should enable this therapy to provide benefit across multiple forms of cancer, including both solid and liquid tumors, and evade resistance.
Conclusion
In the Phase 1 clinical trial, 14 of the 30 patients had metastatic breast cancer, thus Tyme has elected to initially focus on this cohort of patients for the Phase 2 trial. The company is currently in the process of finalizing an Investigational New Drug (IND) application for submission to the NDA. The trial will likely be a multi-center study involving 80-120 Stage IV breast cancer patients who have failed multiple prior chemotherapeutic/targeted treatments. The IND is scheduled to be filed during the summer of 2015 with the Phase 2 trial initiating in the third quarter of 2015.
According to the American Cancer Society, there were approximately 230,000 cases of invasive breast cancer diagnosed among women in 2013. It is estimated that between 6-10% of those cases are Stage IV at the time of diagnosis, and of the cases that are diagnosed as Stages I-III, approximately 25% will have recurrence with metastases (Metastatic Breast Cancer Network). This represents an initial target population of approximately 76,000 patients.

Substantial Growth Potential
One of the most important findings from the Phase 1 study was the fact that SM-88 appeared to have activity against a wide range of cancers regardless of the tissue or organ of origin. This means that Tyme could generate significant peak sales with SM-88, given the drug's possible deployment in both solid and liquid tumor types. While most oncology drugs are being targeted towards smaller and smaller patient populations, usually with the aid of diagnostic biomarkers that are designed to predict responsiveness, the Tyme approach appears to be universal to all forms of cancer, irrespective of the tissue of origin or immune status. It exploits the aberrant metabolic characteristics that differentiate all cancer cells - regardless of tissue type or organ of origin - from normal tissue.
In addition to the wide potential applicability, SM-88 has already demonstrated a more favorable safety profile vs. Avastin® and similar "targeted" therapeutics. Since it is based on existing approved agents being administered at low doses there does not seem to be a significant likelihood of greater toxicity being revealed in future clinical trials.
Several of the world's top-selling drugs are anti-cancer agents, e.g. Avastin® (bevacizumab). Sales of Avastin® are projected to exceed $7.5 billion by 2018. Herceptin® (trastuzumab) is a breast cancer drug specifically for patients that harbor overexpression of the cell surface receptor HER2, which occurs in approximately 20-30% of breast cancers (Bange et al., 2001). Even with the limited patient population, Herceptin® still generated approximately $6.6 billion in revenue in 2013. Herceptin® was originally approved in part based on data showing that it increased overall survival in HER2 overexpressing metastatic breast cancer patients who had received no prior treatment for metastatic disease from 20.3 months to 25.1 months (Herceptin Prescribing Information). Another study involving patients with HER2 overexpressing metastatic breast cancer that had relapsed following one or more prior chemotherapy regimens for metastatic disease reported an ORR of 14% with a 2% CR rate and a 12% PR rate. The results from the Phase 1 trial of SM-88 far exceeded results seen with Herceptin®, thus replication of those results in a larger patient cohort could potentially drive SM-88 to be not just a treatment for late-stage metastatic cancer patients, but a front-line therapy for early stage patients. This scenario could make SM-88 a potential blockbuster drug while not even factoring in additional indications.

Valuation Methodology
We have chosen to conservatively model potential sales of SM-88 solely in late-stage, metastatic breast cancer patients. However, based on what appears to be a broad applicability across multiple tumor types this analysis may ultimately be too restrictive if the results seen in the Phase 1 trial are replicated in a larger clinical trial. The possibility of broader applicability into other types of cancer - e.g., renal cell carcinoma, Ewing's sarcoma, lymphomas and leukemias - could represent sources of upside to our estimates. No revenue from an expanded access program is assumed, which may be conservative - companies like Pharmion and Celgene generated tens of millions of dollars from such programs prior to the actual formal approval of several of their anti-cancer drugs.
We are estimating pricing of SM-88 in relation to the per cycle cost of Tykerb® (lapatinib), a tyrosine kinase inhibitor developed and commercialized by GlaxoSmithKline that is currently deployed as second-line therapy in metastatic breast cancer. Tykerb® is priced at roughly $6,000 per 30-day cycle. We estimate SM-88 will cost $10,000 per cycle in the U.S. and $8,000 per cycle in the E.U. In addition, we are projecting a median seven cycles of therapy to be administered per patient. The combination of Tykerb® and Xeloda® (capecitabine), another broadly-utilized chemotherapy drug, carries a per-cycle cost of nearly $11,000, thus our pricing appears to be in-line with other widely used agents. However, given the relatively low survival benefit typically associated with Tykerb® in late-stage patients - not to mention its side effect profile - there may be the possibility for higher per cycle pricing, particularly in light of the pharmacoeconomic benefit argument that may be made for an agent that both provides substantial survival benefits as well as enhancement of patient well-being, thus reducing reliance on supportive care, painkillers and other cost drivers.
We model for Tyme to initiate a Phase 2 trial in late 2015, a Phase 3 trial in 2017, with an NDA filing in 2018 and approval in the U.S. in 2019, with approval in the E.U. coming in 2020. It should be noted that exceptional results, like those seen in the Phase 1 trial, in a larger group of patients could warrant expedited approval of SM-88 after the Phase 2 trial is completed under the FDA's accelerated approval program (perhaps through evidence of tumor shrinkage in patients). While this is certainly a possibility, we choose to conservatively estimate that SM-88 will go through the normal approval process and all three phases of clinical testing.

Given a 20% discount rate, a 30% chance of approval, peak revenues in the U.S. and E.U. of approximately $3.3 and $3.0 billion, respectively (with a 15% royalty generated through a partnership on sales in the E.U.), we arrive at a net present value for SM-88 in metastatic breast cancer of approximately $1.1 billion. We add in the company's current cash total ($5 million) and an estimated $50 million in capital requirements to arrive at a present value of approximately $1.05 billion. The company currently has 86 million shares outstanding, thus equating to a fair value for the stock of approximately $12 and we are assigning a 'Buy' rating to the shares.
Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
Business relationship disclosure: I work for Zacks. They do business with several hundred publicly traded companies, one (or more) of which happens to be discussed in this article. The article below is written by me and is 100% my opinion. No person or company paid me to write it (or told me what to say). No one at Zacks told me what to say either. See my personal disclaimer linked next to my name for more info.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Services, Food Wholesale, CFA charter-holdersWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow BioNap and get email alerts





Long Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long IdeasGaming And OTT: The Promising Future Of SonySNE• Today, 6:48 PM • Ian Dyer•3 CommentsApplied Materials: Growth At A DiscountAMAT• Today, 6:12 PM • John DiCeccoAthersys's Cardiovascular Health Program Is Ambitious and Well-CalculatedATHX• Today, 5:55 PM • Jesse Donovan•7 CommentsKeep Your Eyes On Bioverativ In 2017BIVV• Today, 5:50 PM • Gaurao Bhade•2 CommentsGilead: Vosevi EU Approval Just One Of Several Catalysts On The WayGILD• Today, 5:46 PM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsSnap: Big Lock-Up Expiration Happens Next WeekSNAP• Today, 5:13 PM • Alex Cho•26 CommentsOracle: Is Further Growth Possible?ORCL• Today, 4:32 PM • Egor KachalovAMD Vs. Intel: Winner Of Q2 Earnings?AMD, INTC• Today, 4:29 PM • Alex Cho•18 CommentsHummingbird Resources Is Getting Ready To FlyHUMRF• Today, 4:12 PM • Kevin Vlerick•1 CommentNew Gold's Shares Should Experience Significant Near-Term GainsNGD• Today, 4:00 PM • Peter Arendas•4 CommentsCelgene Guides Up - And Down: How It Plans To Win The 2020sCELG• Today, 3:57 PM • DoctoRx•13 CommentsEastside Distilling's Capital Raise - Is This A Nanocap To Watch?ESDI• Today, 3:45 PM • Ryan Surber•5 CommentsStatoil: Clearly Undervalued With Oil At ~$50STO• Today, 3:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•8 CommentsWhy The Long-Term Prosperity Of Baidu Is GuaranteedBIDU• Today, 3:38 PM • Motek Moyen•7 CommentsIntel - Transformation Is On TrackINTC• Today, 2:33 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsWhy You Should Forget Q2 And Think About Amazon Long TermAMZN• Today, 2:21 PM • Michael A. Ball•38 CommentsParatek: Beware Of The ExpertsPRTK• Today, 2:13 PM • Early Retiree•15 CommentsCoca-Cola: The Forever CompanyKO• Today, 2:04 PM • Mike Berner•6 CommentsLargest Acquisition To Date A Plus For StarbucksSBUX• Today, 1:03 PM • ALT Perspective•21 CommentsSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Today, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•4 CommentsMicrosoft And Sony Benefit From Reported Overheating Of The Nintendo SwitchMSFT, SNE• Today, 12:45 PM • Motek Moyen•31 CommentsYY Inc. Is UndervaluedYY• Today, 12:30 PM • John Bay, CFA•5 CommentsAT&T's New Debt - Not What You'd ExpectT• Today, 12:18 PM • Jonathan Weber•17 CommentsReorganization Of Nortel Inversora Finally Set To Unlock Value For Shareholders, Additional Upside From Telecom/Cablevision MergerNTL• Today, 12:10 PM • PineStreet•1 CommentTeck: An Extremely Good InvestmentTECK• Today, 11:47 AM • KMP Ideas•2 CommentsAMD: The Sky Is Falling, The Sky Is FallingAMD• Today, 11:47 AM • Austin Craig•105 CommentsXOMA: Another Ligand In The Making?XOMA• Today, 11:39 AM • Biotech Phoenix•1 CommentThe Skies Are Clear For OMABEditors' Pick • OMAB• Today, 11:37 AM • Ian Bezek•11 CommentsEllie Mae's Quarterly Miss, An Inflection Point?ELLI• Today, 11:35 AM • Shareholders Unite•6 CommentsChegg: Can The Run Continue?CHGG• Today, 11:06 AM • Michael Battat•3 CommentsExxon Mobil: This Is Most InterestingXOM• Today, 11:05 AM • Quad 7 Capital•19 CommentsIt's A Fresh Start: The Transition Story Of BlackBerryBBRY• Today, 11:01 AM • Roy Wang•46 CommentsAmazon's 'Horrible Quarter'AMZN• Today, 10:48 AM • Detroit Bear•37 CommentsAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Today, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•5 CommentsFoxconn's American Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsSEI Investments: Development Investment Set To Pay OffSEIC• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Boyd•2 CommentsGNC: Did Goldman Sachs Really Just Reiterate Its $5 Price Target?GNC• Today, 9:16 AM • Courage & Conviction Investing•50 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•14 Comments3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•18 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•6 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsStock Exchange: Reading Into Retail MovesEditors' Pick • AVGO, LB, RH• Today, 6:46 AM • Jeff Miller•5 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•12 CommentsWhat Makes Darden Restaurants Attractive In The Long Term?DRI• Today, 3:32 AM • RCK Financial Services•7 CommentsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•7 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Yesterday, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•5 CommentsA Stock That's In Vogue: Hugo BossBOSSY• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Frederic LaudenklosLear Sees Content Growth AheadLEA• Yesterday, 6:46 PM • William Keller•1 CommentVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•17 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Yesterday, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•4 CommentsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•143 CommentsHeritage Insurance Holdings Inc.: Hurricane TestHRTG• Yesterday, 4:14 PM • Christiaan Casper•3 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•29 CommentsTeekay Offshore Dodges A BulletTK, TOO• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Long Player•142 CommentsVisa Is Still Growing FastV• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Isaac Tang•5 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsSinking: The Curious Case Of CapsteadCMO• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Quad 7 Capital•5 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•5 CommentsCaterpillar Breaks Out On Massive Full-Year Guidance UpgradeCAT• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • Michael FitzsimmonsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•4 CommentsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•124 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsFund.com - Peculiar Legal Opportunity With Activist CatalystFNDM• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Jan Svenda•14 CommentsWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•46 CommentsGeneral Motors: Strong Core Earnings Show Us That Strategy And Execution Are On PointGM• Yesterday, 1:53 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•19 CommentsChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Yesterday, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•16 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•3 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 Comments123456...1578Next Page





Services including Restaurant and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Services including Restaurant and Retail StocksNetflix Delivers A Stellar QuarterNFLX• Today, 5:41 PM • Sramana Mitra•5 CommentsDryShips: It Ain't Over YetDRYS• Today, 5:21 PM • Bill Maurer•12 CommentsAltice USA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATUS• Today, 4:46 PM • SA TranscriptsCanfor Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCFPZF• Today, 4:04 PM • SA TranscriptsEastside Distilling's Capital Raise - Is This A Nanocap To Watch?ESDI• Today, 3:45 PM • Ryan Surber•5 CommentsDillard's: The Bearish Side Of The ArgumentDDS• Today, 3:29 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•7 CommentsInterpublic Group Of Companies Selloff Overreaction Presents A Buying Opportunity For The Long-Term Income InvestorsIPG• Today, 3:13 PM • Accelerating Dividends•1 CommentChipotle: 2017 Q2 Shows 18 Month 'Recovery' Hasn't Happened And, Given Risk, It's Unlikely It Ever WillCMG• Today, 2:32 PM • J.G. Collins•7 CommentsVerisk Analytics To Acquire G2 Web Services For Financial Risk SolutionsVRSK• Today, 2:15 PM • Donovan JonesMatson Weakness Before Earnings - Buying Opportunity Or Steer Clear?MATX• Today, 1:40 PM • James Sands•2 CommentsStarbucks: There Is No JustificationSBUX• Today, 1:28 PM • Quad 7 Capital•49 CommentsLargest Acquisition To Date A Plus For StarbucksSBUX• Today, 1:03 PM • ALT Perspective•21 CommentsYY Inc. Is UndervaluedYY• Today, 12:30 PM • John Bay, CFA•5 CommentsStill Upside For Lufthansa?DLAKF• Today, 12:03 PM • Frederic Laudenklos•1 CommentThe Skies Are Clear For OMABEditors' Pick • OMAB• Today, 11:37 AM • Ian Bezek•11 CommentsHub Group - Was The Recent Stock Price Run Up Too Fast, Or Did Yesterday's Earnings Miss Justify The Stock Price Beat-Down?HUBG• Today, 11:09 AM • James SandsChegg: Can The Run Continue?CHGG• Today, 11:06 AM • Michael Battat•3 CommentsAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Today, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•5 CommentsSonic Automotive Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAH• Today, 9:53 AM • SA TranscriptsLithia Motors, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLAD• Today, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsHibbett's E-Commerce Move: Too Little Too LateHIBB• Today, 9:39 AM • SiddharthCapital Product Partners L.P. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPLP• Today, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsGNC: Did Goldman Sachs Really Just Reiterate Its $5 Price Target?GNC• Today, 9:16 AM • Courage & Conviction Investing•50 CommentsNatural Health Trends Corporation: Buy It For Value, Buy It For GrowthNHTC• Today, 8:39 AM • Ty Huggins•2 CommentsAir France-KLM 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAFRAF• Today, 8:34 AM • SA TranscriptsFly High American AirlinesAAL• Today, 8:30 AM • Chris Hulsey•8 CommentsSecuritas A BB 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSCTBF• Today, 6:14 AM • SA TranscriptsLowe's Companies: A Fast-Growing Dividend King Worth ReviewingLOW• Today, 5:50 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsWhat Makes Darden Restaurants Attractive In The Long Term?DRI• Today, 3:32 AM • RCK Financial Services•7 CommentsWorld Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWWE• Today, 12:52 AM • SA TranscriptsNavios Maritime Partners L.P. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNMM• Yesterday, 9:19 PM • SA TranscriptsGNC: Strong Earnings Or BustGNC• Yesterday, 7:22 PM • Chandler Clinkingbeard•15 CommentsSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Yesterday, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•5 CommentsPenske Automotive Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPAG• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • SA TranscriptsBusinesses Risk Lawsuits For False Brand Supply Chain Claims, EU RulesAHODF• Yesterday, 3:58 PM • Gabriel Thoumi, CFABarnes & Noble Might Actually Be Worth $1 Billion Or MoreBKS• Yesterday, 3:49 PM • Daniel Jones•5 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•5 CommentsUPS: Put Option Idea For IncomeUPS• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • Pat Stout•13 CommentsLa Quinta Holdings (LQ) Investor Presentation - SlideshowLQ• Yesterday, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsMichael Kors Holdings (KORS) Acquires Jimmy Choo (JYMHF) - SlideshowKORS• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • SA TranscriptsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•4 CommentsReport: Expedia Invests $350 Million In TravelokaEXPE• Yesterday, 2:29 PM • Donovan JonesDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Yesterday, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFAChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Yesterday, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•16 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•3 CommentsChipotle - Gauging The Potential Effects Of The Norovirus OutbreakCMG• Yesterday, 12:35 PM • Kenra Investors•3 CommentsComcast's Q2: Solid Numbers, Stock A Buy Even At Low YieldCMCSA• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Steven MallasDespite Strong Q2 Results, Wynn Shares Took A Hit - As Always, They Will Recovery QuicklyWYNN• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • Howard Jay Klein•20 CommentsAre Wal-Mart's Top Management Able To Estimate EPS Accurately? Let's Find OutWMT• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • Ville Peltonen•1 CommentUPS: More Downside Ahead?UPS• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • Quad 7 Capital•12 CommentsSirius XM Moves Higher On Q2 Earnings ReportSIRI• Yesterday, 10:55 AM • Spencer Osborne•39 CommentsLandstar System, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLSTR• Yesterday, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsLKQ Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLKQ• Yesterday, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsA Misunderstood And Overvalued Growth StockCSGP• Yesterday, 10:32 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentSirius XM Posts Strong Results - Raises GuidanceSIRI• Yesterday, 10:00 AM • Crunching Numbers•69 CommentsCimpress N.V. 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMPR• Yesterday, 9:54 AM • SA TranscriptsComcast Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMCSA• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsCharter Communications, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHTR• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsNew Media 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNEWM• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAllegion plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALLE• Yesterday, 9:49 AM • SA TranscriptsWhat Was Found Inside McDonald's Might Surprise YouMCD• Yesterday, 9:46 AM • David Zanoni•7 CommentsChipotle: Getting The Right PriceCMG• Yesterday, 9:31 AM • Stone Fox Capital•7 CommentsTractor Supply Bounces BackTSCO• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • Samuel Smith•8 CommentsCostco Wholesale Corp.: Strong Financials, Fairly Valued StockCOST• Yesterday, 9:16 AM • Exclusive Capital•10 CommentsScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: Walt DisneyDIS• Yesterday, 7:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•20 CommentsDiana Containerships Adopts DryShips Model (Kalani); Reverse Split AgainDCIX• Yesterday, 7:13 AM • Research & Investment•11 CommentsKohl's - It's Worth A Look At These LevelsKSS• Yesterday, 7:10 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsMcDonald's Two Businesses, One StrategyMCD• Yesterday, 7:06 AM • The Hedged EconomistRoss Stores - Be Careful With This DipROST• Yesterday, 6:59 AM • Kenra Investors•9 CommentsTrinity Industries: The Market's Showing Signs Of RecoveryTRN• Yesterday, 4:43 AM • Daniel Jones•8 CommentsThe Home Depot Is A Strong BuyHD• Yesterday, 2:13 AM • Kush Patel•9 CommentsDiscovery And Scripps: An Odd Couple In A MergerSNI, DISCA• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:40 PM • Jay Wei•8 CommentsGenuine Parts: A Dividend King Trading At An 18-Month LowGPC• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:03 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•17 CommentsDryShips: Acquisitions Fully Funded. What Now?DRYS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:29 PM • Morningsidepark•43 CommentsLas Vegas Sands Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLVS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:07 PM • SA Transcripts•6 Comments123456...802Next Page
















TYMI stock quote - Tyme Technologies Inc price - NASDAQ.com










































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    TYMI














Tyme Technologies Inc Quote & Summary Data 


TYMI 
$4
*  
1.30

48.15 %
Get TYMI Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 28, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading TYMI now
				        




 
 
Community Rating:  



















TYMI





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off
















1 Year Target





                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 4.50 / $ 3.85




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





15,670





                                        50 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




N/A




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




2.700000




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        N/A / N/A
                                    


 

Annualized dividend
N/A




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




N/A


Dividend Payment Date
N/A




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




0 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




0






Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting













Company Description (as filed with the SEC)




























News for TYMI









                        Tyme's Radical Approach To Fighting Cancer Could Be A Blockbuster
                    

4/21/2015 10:00:00 AM - Seeking Alpha




 Subscribe


                More TYMI News & Commentary



                Read TYMI Press Releases






























Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:



Quarterly EPS Est:



PEG Ratio:



Mean Recommendation:





            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX














































Articles by CFA charter-holders | Seeking Alpha














Sign in / Join NowGO»




Articles by CFA Charterholders















MACRO VIEW





The Copper-Gold Ratio

Jason Cooper
•TLT, TBT, TIP
•
                Today, 5:58 PM                





The Temptation To Do Something

Benjamin Lavine, CFA
•IVV, MTUM, SVXY
•
                Yesterday, 5:37 PM                





Making The Sale

Eric Parnell, CFA
•IVV, SPY, XLB
•
                Yesterday, 12:07 PM                





Redacted Version Of The July 2017 FOMC Statement

David Merkel, CFA
•TBT, TLT, TMV
•
                Yesterday, 3:25 AM                





The Geekiest (And Most Important) Number Nobody Is Discussing

Russ Koesterich, CFA
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





The Sky Is Falling

Eric Parnell, CFA
•BIL, DIA, EMB
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                










INVESTING IDEAS





Dorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time Soon

Shahid Manzoor, CFA
•DIIBF
•
                Yesterday, 2:11 PM                





American Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer Value

Richard Greulich Jr., CFA
•AMS
•
                Tue, Jul. 25                





AMD's Post-Earnings Target Prices

Kwan-Chen Ma
•AMD
•
                Mon, Jul. 24                





Tesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or Expect

FundamentalSpeculation.IO
•TSLA
•
                Mon, Jul. 24                





PRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale Bock

SA PRO Editors
•DVA, CSUWF, FH
•
                Sun, Jul. 23                





AMD, Nvidia, Intel: A Trio Valuation

Kwan-Chen Ma
•AMD, INTC, NVDA
•
                Thu, Jul. 20                










ETF PORTFOLIO STRATEGY





Announcement: The Formal Launch Of 'Valuation 360' - Exclusive Research From Jason Phillips, CFA

Jason Phillips, CFA
•F, TNP, CBI
•
                Yesterday, 3:54 PM                





A Lesson On Black-Box Investing: Kurt Lindner And The Lindner Dividend Fund

Kendall J. Anderson, CFA
•
                Yesterday, 6:44 AM                





Now Is A Good Time To Buy Johnson & Johnson

Peter F. Way, CFA
•JNJ
•
                Yesterday, 5:59 AM                





The Two Words Every Investor Should Remember

Eric Parnell, CFA
•DIA, IVV, IWD
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





3 Ways ETFs Have Revolutionized The Bond Market

Matt Tucker, CFA
•AGG, BND, PTY
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





Biotech Bonanza: The Next Leg Up

Tarun Chandra, CFA
•ABBV, AERI, AKBA
•
                Tue, Jul. 25                










DIVIDENDS & INCOME





Future Energy Prices: The Big Picture - Part II

Mark Bern, CFA
•VLO
•
                Fri, Jul. 21                





Genuine Parts: Stronger U.S. Industrial Production Boosting Operations Of This Dividend Aristocrat

Clumsy Rick, CFA
•AAP, AZO, ORLY
•
                Sat, Jul. 15                





Future Of Energy: The Big Picture - Part I

Mark Bern, CFA
•SPY, TSLA, XLE
•
                Thu, Jul. 13                





Walgreens Earnings Redux: Are More Stores The Long-Term Answer?

Brian Gilmartin, CFA
•WBA
•
                Mon, Jul. 3                





Popolare Di Vicenza, Veneto And Bailouts: The Ghost Of Lehman Brothers Hangs Over Europe

Imad Barake, CFA
•EWI, HEWI, DBIT
•
                Thu, Jun. 29                





Stocks Whose Prices Are Fleet Of Foot - And Comforting

Peter F. Way, CFA
•BURL, CTAS, FINL
•
                Wed, Jun. 28                










OTHER ARTICLES OF INTEREST





Automation != Intelligence

FundamentalSpeculation.IO
•TSLA
•
                Today, 12:44 PM                





Keep The Backdoor Roth Open

Adam Hoffman, CFA
•
                Today, 7:48 AM                





Businesses Risk Lawsuits For False Brand Supply Chain Claims, EU Rules

Gabriel Thoumi, CFA
•AHODF
•
                Yesterday, 3:58 PM                





Is Low-Single-Digit Revenue Growth The Best Goldman Sachs Can Do?

Brian Gilmartin, CFA
•GS
•
                Yesterday, 10:36 AM                





It's Not Just Amazon's Fault

Vitaliy Katsenelson, CFA
•XLY, XRT, VCR
•
                Yesterday, 6:18 AM                





Facebook Post-Earnings Target Prices

Kwan-Chen Ma
•FB
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                














































  TYMI:OTC US Stock Quote - Tyme Technologies Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Tyme Technologies Inc   TYMI:US   OTC US        4.00USD   0.10   2.56%     As of 5:20 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   3.90    Day Range   3.85 - 4.50    Volume   15,670    Previous Close   3.90    52Wk Range   1.01 - 8.00    1 Yr Return   -48.72%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   3.90    Day Range   3.85 - 4.50    Volume   15,670    Previous Close   3.90    52Wk Range   1.01 - 8.00    1 Yr Return   -48.72%    YTD Return   6.67%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   357.364    Shares Outstanding  (m)   89.341    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change +0.50%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change +0.46%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/27/2017   Tyme Announces Uplisting to NASDAQ Capital Market Under New Symbol “TYME” on July 31, 2017     7/24/2017   Tyme Inc. to Present at Precision: Lung Cancer World R&D Summit     6/14/2017   OTCQX And OTCQB Companies To Present At 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference     6/12/2017   Tyme Technologies to Present at 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference     6/5/2017   Tyme Technologies Presents Positive Interim Clinical Data in Recurrent, Non-Metastatic Prostate Cancer at ASCO 2017     5/22/2017   Tyme Technologies to Present New Clinical Data for Investigational Drug Candidate SM-88 at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting     3/29/2017   Tyme Technologies Announces Two New Board of Director Appointments -- David Carberry and James Biehl     3/23/2017   Tyme Appoints Ben Taylor as President and Chief Financial Officer     3/22/2017   Tyme Technologies, Inc. Announces $8.2 Million Private Placement     3/2/2017   Tyme Technologies Appoints Healthcare Veteran Paul L. Sturman as Independent Director    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Tyme Technologies, Inc. is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing highly targeted cancer therapeutics for oncology indications. The Company's treatments utilizes oxidative stress and the body's own immune defenses to treat cancer.    Address  44 Wall Street12th FloorNew York, NY 10005United States   Phone  1-646-205-1603   Website   www.tymetechnologiesinc.com     Executives Board Members    Steven Hoffman  Chief Executive Officer    Ben Taylor  President/CFO    Michael Demurjian  Chief Operating Officer    Giuseppe Del Priore  Chief Medical Officer    Shabnam Stanicky  Clinical Operations Officer     Show More         







Tyme Technologies - Highly Educated and Experienced Management Team




















































































 



















Our Highly Educated and Experienced


Management Team



Tyme’s Management Brings a Deep Passion for Discovering and Developing More Effective Therapies for Treating Cancer.

Tyme Technologies, Inc.’s experienced management team has a long and successful track record of discovering and developing novel therapeutics and of leading successful entrepreneurial life sciences ventures. In addition, Tyme Technologies, Inc.’s leadership team and Board of Directors has the development and commercialization of new technologies and discoveries.














Our Executives
Steven Hoffman
Chief Executive Officer
Michael Demurjian
Chief Operating Officer
Ben Taylor
President, Chief Financial Officer
Giuseppe Del Priore, MD, MPH
Chief Medical Officer
Shabnam Stanicky
Clinical Operations Officer
Board of Directors
Tyme Inc. has put together a Board of Directors comprised of world-class business leaders and highly respected medical professionals.
Steven Hoffman
Chief Executive Officer
Michael Demurjian
Chief Operating Officer
Gerald Sokol
Associate Professor Medicine & Clinical Pharmacology
Tommy Thompson
Advisor
Paul L. Sturman
Director
David Carberry
Chairman of the Audit Committee
Timothy C. Tyson
Board Member
James Biehl
Board Member
Medical Advisory Board
Tyme Inc. has put together a Scientific and Medical Advisory Board of world-class experts in oncology, clinical treatment of cancer, cancer metabolism and the development of cancer therapeutics.
Dr. Suresh Chari
Cleveland Mayo Clinic
Giuseppe Del Priore, MD, MPH
Chief Medical Officer
William K. Oh
Special Advisor





STEVEN HOFFMAN
Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Hoffman has served as Chief Executive Officer of Tyme since its formation in July 2013 and as a a cofounder and senior leader of Tyme’s precursor, Luminant, since its formation in September 2011. In such roles and continuing with his position as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Science Officer of Tyme, Mr. Hoffman supervises the development of our product candidates. He has over 25 years experience in management and technical positions with companies in the chemistry, aerospace and laser optics fields.
Prior to the establishment of Luminant, Mr. Hoffman was a co-founder and, from 1993 to 2007, Chief Technology Officer of Mikronite Technologies Group Inc., a developer, licensor and marketer of material surfacing technologies for various manufacturing processes and applications. At Mikronite, Mr. Hoffman supervised its implementation of proprietary technology. He has received numerous patents and has pending other patent applications, including a patent and three patent applications that have been assigned to our Company. His efforts with Mikronite were recognized by The Home Depot and Lowe’s with a Best New Product award and an Innovative Technology award from the New Jersey Manufacturers Association. Mr. Hoffman attended New York University and Rutgers University with a concentration in mechanical engineering from 1980 to 1984 and continued his studies under the direct supervision of the chairman of the physics department at the University of Michigan specializing in physics and electro-optics.




MICHAEL DEMURJIAN
Chief Operating Officer

Mr. Demurjian has served as Chief Operating Officer of Tyme since its formation in July 2013 and as a a cofounder and senior leader of Tyme’s precursor, Luminant, since its formation in September 2011. In such roles and continuing with his position as Chief Operating Officer of Tyme, Mr. Demurjian leads the research teams in development, studies and data collection for our submissions to regulatory authorities, including the FDA.
Prior to the establishment of Luminant, Mr. Demurjian was a co-founder and, from 1993 to 2007, Director of Marketing of Mikronite Technologies Group, Inc., a developer, licensor and marketer of material surfacing technologies for various manufacturing processes and applications. At Mikronite, Mr. Demurjian established all marketing activities and functions, marketing research and analysis, marketing strategy, implementation planning, project, process, and vendor management, organizational management and leadership. His efforts with Mikronite were recognized by The Home Depot and Lowe’s with a Best New Product Award and an Innovative Technology Award from the New Jersey Manufacturers Association. Mr. Demurjian received a BA in Economics from New York University in 1986.




BEN TAYLOR
President, Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Taylor has been Tyme’s as President and Chief Financial Officer since April of 2017. He joined Tyme with 18 years of life sciences experience in investment banking and emerging growth companies. Most recently, he was Head of Commercial Pharma for Barclays Capital Inc. Prior to Barclays, Mr. Taylor spent ten years at Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he held a variety of roles, including Head of Emerging Pharma and Co-Head of Chinese and Southeast Asian Healthcare within the investment banking division. His career has primarily been focused on biopharmaceuticals, working as an advisor to over a hundred companies at various stages of development in more than 15 countries. Mr. Taylor has extensive experience in pharmaceutical business models, science, financing and strategic transactions. In addition to investment banking, he also spent two years at a medical diagnostic start-up leading finance and business development functions. Mr. Taylor graduated from Brown University with honors.




DR. GIUSEPPE DEL PRIORE
Chief Medical Officer

Dr. Del Priore joined Tyme Inc. after serving as the National Director of Gynecologic Oncology for Cancer Treatment Centers of America (CTCA). He also serves as the Southeastern Regional Director. Prior to CTCA, Dr. Del Priore was Professor and Director of Gynecologic Oncology at the Indiana University School of Medicine in Indianapolis, where he directed its gynecologic oncology fellowship program and continues to teach. He previously also served as Director of Gynecologic Oncology at New York Downtown Hospital, Montefiore Medical Center, and Bellevue Hospital in New York City, as well as Assistant Director of Gynecologic Oncology at New York University School of Medicine. Giuseppe Del Priore, MD, MPH has been involved with drug, device and procedure development his entire career. He has participated and been on the advisory boards of studies for most major pharmaceutical companies. An industry KOL, his opinions have earned him invitations to present at the FDA and other regulatory agencies. His work has been reported on the front pages of the NY Times, WSJ and nearly every media outlet. He has been the principle investigator on several world firsts including breakthroughs in oncology, fertility and other areas of science. Dr. Del Priore remains a sought after clinician bringing relevant insights from actual patient challenges directly to the board room. Dr. Del Priore earned his Doctor of Medicine with Distinction in Research from State University of New York Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn. He studied at The City University of New York’s Brooklyn College in a combined Bachelor of Arts/Doctor of Medicine Program, earning both degrees in seven years. Dr. Del Priore graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy and was valedictorian of his medical school class. He received his Master of Public Health in Biostatistics and Epidemiology from the University of Illinois at Chicago and completed other training at Northwestern University and the University of Rochester.   U.S. News and World Report named Dr. Del Priore one of its “Best Doctors” in 2011 and 2012.
He is an active researcher and prolific writer. He has authored and published more than 170 papers, book chapters and abstracts and written three books. Dr. Del Priore has received two patents and has others pending. He has served on several committees and organizations, including current appointments at the Society of Gynecologic Oncologists; and previously the Gynecologic Oncology Group, a National Cancer Institute Cooperative Group. He is also an examiner for the American Osteopathic Association Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Gyn Oncology sub-specialty section. In his free time, Dr. Del Priore has given back to his community by serving as a volunteer physicians part of the National Association of Free and Charitable Clinics; a volunteer firefighter in Westchester County, New York; an auxiliary police officer with the New York Police Department; and a volunteer ambulance driver with the Bay Ridge Ambulance Volunteer Organization.




Shabnam Stanicky
Clinical Operations Officer

Mrs. Stanicky joined the Tyme team in January 2017 as Clinical Operations Officer. She will be focused on overseeing the operational delivery of the current and upcoming clinical trials conducted by Tyme. With over 16 years experience in clinical oncology research operations, Mrs. Stanicky has extensive experience in the management, design, execution and evaluation of clinical trials for cancer therapies. She joins Tyme from Quintiles, where she has worked since 2008 as a Clinical Operations Manager within the Oncology therapeutic area, with specific expertise within Phase I trials. She has managed both field based operational delivery as well as project based operations in her prior roles. Prior to that, Mrs. Stanicky worked for seven years performing and managing clinical oncology research at Eli Lilly and Co. and two years at the John Wayne Cancer Institute in Santa Monica, California.




GERALD SOKOL MD, MSC, FCP
Associate Professor Medicine & Clinical Pharmacology

Gerald H. Sokol MD, MSc, FCP attained his medical degree from Indiana University’s Combined Degree Program in Experimental Medicine with a Masters Degree in Pharmacology and an MD. Dr. Sokol interned in Medicine at Temple University and attended the US Public Health Service Hospital in affiliation with the National Cancer Institute, Johns Hopkins, and the University of Maryland completing training in Internal Medicine. He then completed training at the Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School in Radiation Oncology, Medical Oncology and Clinical Pharmacology attaining Board Certification in Internal Medicine, Medical Oncology, Radiation Oncology, Clinical Pharmacology, and later Quality Assurance and Utilization Review. He Is also certified in Skin Cancer Medicine from the University of Queensland. Dr. Sokol has been Chief of Radiation Oncology at the University of South Florida’s Tampa General Hospital, has built or contributed to building over 10 highly successful cancer centers. He is a board member and partner of Florida Cancer Specialists and Research Institute (the largest research group in Florida) consisting of over 190 physicians).
Dr Sokol is a decorated retired Captain in the US Navy and served as Commanding Officer of the unit at the Uniformed Services University. Dr. Sokol currently holds professorships in Medicine and Pharmacology at that institution. While maintaining a busy medical practice Dr. Sokol served on the review staff of the FDA for over 27 years as a senior regulatory scientist and officer composing over 300 white papers, IND and NDA reviews, and opinion papers. Dr. Sokol has authored or coauthored over 100 books, book chapter, abstracts and papers on a multitude of clinical issues. He is a lifetime fellow and board member of the American Cancer Society and a fellow of the American College of Clinical Pharmacology. He has a busy teaching and research schedule and enjoys spending time with grand children and family.




TOMMY THOMPSON
Advisor

Tommy G. Thompson currently is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Thompson Holdings, and former United States Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary and four-term Governor of Wisconsin. Governor Thompson, through his work at Thompson Holdings, continues to develop innovative solutions to the health care challenges facing American families, businesses, communities, states and the nation as a whole. These efforts focus on improving the use of information technology in hospitals, clinics and doctors’ offices; promoting healthier lifestyles; strengthening and modernizing Medicare and Medicaid; and expanding the use of medical diplomacy around the world.
From 2005 until 2009, Governor Thompson served as a senior advisor at the consulting firm Deloitte LLP and was the founding independent chairman of the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions, which researches and develops solutions to some of our nation’s most pressing health care and public health related challenges. From 2005 to early 2012, Governor Thompson served as a senior partner at the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer, & Feld LLP. Governor Thompson served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Logistics Health, Inc. from January 2011 to May 2011, and served as President from February 2005 to January 2011. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of the following public companies: Physicians Realty Trust and TherapeuticsMD, Inc., each as Chairman of the Board of Directors, Centene Corporation, C.R. Bard, Inc., Cytori Therapeutics, Inc., TherapeuticsMD, Inc. and United Therapeutics Corporation.




TIMOTHY C. TYSON
Board Member

Timothy Tyson is currently Chairman and CEO of Avara Pharmaceutical Services and Chairman at Icagen Inc. He currently serves on the board of Tyme Technologies Inc. and Marken LLC. Mr. Tyson recently served as Chairman and CEO of Aptuit LLC. He was Chairman and CEO from 2008 to 2012 leading a restructuring, acquisition and successful sale of a major portion of the company prior to stepping out as CEO to serve and guide the company as Chairman up until 2016.  His corporate career spans over 30 years in the pharmaceutical industry. His expertise in leadership and management is internationally recognized. From 2002-2008, Mr. Tyson served as COO, President and CEO of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International. During this period, sales grew 69% and earnings increased 135%. He led a major restructuring of the company and established a highly effective Research and Development capability which developed a best in class epilepsy compound, Potiga, which was approved in 2010, and a promising pro-drug for hepatitis C.
Prior to joining Valeant, Mr. Tyson ran multiple divisions for GlaxoSmithKline and was a member of the Corporate Executive Team. During his 14-year tenure at GlaxoSmithKline, he was President, Global Manufacturing and Supply and ran Glaxo Dermatology and Cerenex Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Tyson was also responsible for managing all sales and marketing for GlaxoWellcome’s U.S. operations, where he launched 32 new products, eight of which reached sales of greater than $1 billion/year. Mr. Tyson held executive positions in technical operations and R & D, at Bristol-Myers from 1980-1988. Prior to his tenure at Bristol-Myers, he was a manufacturing manager at Procter & Gamble. He served on active duty as an officer in the United States Army from 1974-1979 and spent 14 years in the United States Army Reserves.
Mr. Tyson is a 1974 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point. While on active duty at Ft. McClellan, AL, he earned a Master of Public Administration, in 1976, and a Master of Business Administration, in 1979, from Jacksonville State University. In 2002, Mr. Tyson received a Bicentennial Leadership Award from the United States Military Academy at West Point and was named 2007 Alumnus of the Year at Jacksonville State University.
He has served on the board of directors for Valeant Pharmaceuticals International; the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturing Association (PhRMA); BIOCOM; on the CEO Roundtable for the University of California at Irvine; on the Dean’s Executive Forum at Cal State Fullerton; the CEO Roundtable on Cancer; the Health Sector Advisory Board at Duke University; the  International Leadership Forum of the International Society of Pharmaceutical Engineers and as a visiting lecturer at Cambridge University. Mr. Tyson has served on the board of directors for non-profit organizations in Raleigh-Durham, NC and Orange County, CA and with the United Way.




Paul L. Sturman
Director

Paul is a proven, entrepreneurial, global executive with 30+ years of success in delivering exceptional results in consumer driven businesses as measured by revenue and income growth, market share, organizational development and shareholder value. Recognized as a disciplined, decisive, and authentic leader that builds businesses through insight, clear strategic vision, prioritization of effort, and attracting and inspiring diverse teams to produce superior results. An intelligent risk-taker and change agent with a history of turning businesses around, creating and sustaining conditions for meaningful innovation, and transforming organizations organically and/or through M&A integration.
Paul Sturman was recently President and CEO of NJOY, Inc., a leading independent electronic nicotine delivery system company. NJOY’s mission was to end smoking-related death and disease by offering preferred alternatives to adult smokers and vapers around the world.
Paul joined NJOY in January ’15, after six years of successfully leading Pfizer’s $3+ billion Consumer Healthcare business, one of the largest over-the-counter (OTC) healthcare products companies in the world. He served as Global President and was responsible for all aspects of the business unit’s operations, including the development and marketing of major household brands such as Advil®, Centrum®, Emergen-C®, Caltrate®, ChapStick®, and Robitussin®. Previously, Paul had served as President, North America for J&J, where he was responsible for more than 30 brands including Listerine®, Band-Aid®, Stayfree®, Monistat®, Rogaine®, Neosporin®, and Visine®. He began his career with Warner-Lambert, stewarding brands like Trident sugarless gum and Halls Cough drops.
Over the past 25 years, Paul has dedicated his life to helping people feel better. He has held leadership positions in marketing and sales where he built brand strategies for leading consumer brands and OTC therapies. In all his roles, Paul has been a champion of consumer access to innovative self-care products.
A well-regarded executive in the industry, Paul served as Chairman of the Consumer Healthcare Products Association (CHPA) from 2009-11. CHPA is a not-for-profit association representing the makers of over-the-counter medicines and promoting the role of non-prescription medicines in America’s healthcare system through science, education, and advocacy.
Paul is also committed to giving back to the community. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Foundation for Morristown Medical Center. The Foundation works to advance healthcare for patients by preserving and expanding programs and services in patient care, clinical research, medical and public health education, and preventive medicine.
Paul earned his Bachelor’s degree in Biology and his Master’s degree in Business Administration from Bucknell University.




DR. SURESH CHARI
Cleveland Mayo Clinic

Suresh Chari, M.D. is a Professor of Medicine with the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine. He is also a consultant in the Division of Gastroenterology. He is Head of the Pancreas Interest Group in the Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology. Dr. Chari has a broad interest in diseases of the pancreas and his NIH-funded research focuses on the role of diabetes and hyperglycemia as a marker of undiagnosed pancreatic cancer. Additional areas of clinical research involve understanding the clinical spectrum of autoimmune pancreatitis and he is also interested in cystic tumors of the pancreas including their classification, prevalence and natural history.




David Carberry
Chairman of the Audit Committee

David Carberry is a retired healthcare financial executive with over 40 years of experience in the industry. Most recently, from April 2012 to June 2016 Mr. Carberry was the Chief Financial Officer of Excellis Health Solutions, LLC, a consulting and software solutions company focused on the healthcare industry. Prior to that, Mr. Carberry was Chief Financial Officer of Aldagen, a biopharmaceutical company, for three years. Mr. Carberry also served in a number of financial oversight roles within Johnson & Johnson and related divisions between 1981 and 2008, including Vice President, Finance of Independence Technology L.L.C., Johnson & Johnson/Merck Consumer Pharmaceuticals, a joint venture, and Vice President, Finance of Johnson Health Care Systems, Inc., a healthcare account management and business services provider.




James Biehl
Board Member

Jim Biehl has been a partner at the law firm of Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP in Princeton, NJ since 1989 in the Corporate and Securities group. As a corporate lawyer with over 25 years of experience representing public and private companies with structuring, negotiating and managing sophisticated securities and corporate transactional matters, he has extensive experience with federal and state securities laws, public debt and equity financings, mergers and acquisitions, corporate venture transactions, joint ventures and strategic alliances, emerging company formation and management, and corporate governance matters. Jim’s industry experience includes representing big pharma, healthcare systems, healthcare consulting firms, consumer products, and medical device companies.




William K. Oh
Special Advisor

William K. Oh, M.D. is the Chief of the Division of Hematology and Medical Oncology; Professor of Medicine and Urology; and Ezra M. Greenspan, MD Professor in Clinical Cancer Therapeutics at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine and Associate Director for Clinical Research, The Tisch Cancer Institute.
Clinical Interests: Management of genitourinary malignancies, including prostate, renal, bladder, adrenocortical and testicular cancers.
Research Interests: Dr. Oh’s research interests include exploring the role of chemotherapy in both castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC) and localized high-risk prostate cancer. In collaboration with laboratory-based colleagues, we are assessing changes in the expression of tissue and serum biomarkers due to chemotherapy. Another area of interest relates to the role of secondary hormone therapies in the treatment of advanced prostate cancer.
Another major research area has been the development and management of a prospective clinical database linked to blood and tissue banks for prostate cancer patients. Dr. Oh’s recent research efforts exploring this database have included characterization of the efficacy of various therapies in advanced prostate cancer (e.g., nilutamide, ketoconazole, vinorelbine, docetaxel, mitoxantrone), assessment of PSA doubling time as a prognostic and predictive factor, efficacy of hormonal therapy, assessment of testosterone as a marker for cancer outcome, prediction of relapse based on nutritional factors at diagnosis and autoantibody signatures, and assessment of pharmacogenomic patterns predicting Gleason score.





















 
Interested in a Clinical Trial?
Connect with us to see how we can help.
CLICK HERE

 










































 






    TYMI Key Statistics - Tyme Technologies Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Tyme Technologies Inc.

                  OTC: TYMI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Tyme Technologies Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


TYMI

/quotes/zigman/39563606/delayed


$
4.00




Change

+0.10
+2.56%

Volume
Volume 15,670
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/39563606/delayed
Previous close

$
			3.90
		


$
				4.00
			
Change

+0.10
+2.56%





Day low
Day high
$3.85
$4.50










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.01
        

            $7.80
        

















			Company Description 


			Tyme Technologies, Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company, which develops drug candidates for the treatment of cancer in humans. It provides a novel compound for physicians to use in a treatment regimen for patients fighting six major cancers, which includes breast, lung, prostrate, gastric, esop...
		


                Tyme Technologies, Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company, which develops drug candidates for the treatment of cancer in humans. It provides a novel compound for physicians to use in a treatment regimen for patients fighting six major cancers, which includes breast, lung, prostrate, gastric, esophageal, and pancreatic cancers. The company was founded on November 22, 2011 by Andrew Keck and is headquartered in New York, NY.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-15.14


Price to Book Ratio
33.57


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-15.27

Efficiency
Liquidity

Current Ratio
3.22


Quick Ratio
3.22


Cash Ratio
3.15



Profitability

Return on Assets
-197.70


Return on Equity
-287.40


Return on Total Capital
-287.40


Return on Invested Capital
-287.40

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Ben  Taylor 
-
2017
President & Chief Financial Officer



Mr. Steve  Hoffman 
-
2015
Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Michael  Demurjian 
50
2015
Chief Operating Officer, Director & Executive VP



Dr. Guiseppe  Del Priore 
-
-
Chief Medical Officer



Mr. James  Biehl 
-
2017
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/tymi

      MarketWatch News on TYMI
    
No News currently available for TYMI





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/tymi

      Other News on TYMI
    




 10-K: TYME TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
5:34 p.m. June 12, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: TYME TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
7:03 p.m. Feb. 14, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: TYME TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
6:09 p.m. Nov. 9, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Tyme's Radical Approach To Fighting Cancer Could Be A Blockbuster

10:00 a.m. April 21, 2015
 - Seeking Alpha














At a Glance

Tyme Technologies, Inc.
48 Wall Street
12th floor

New York, New York 10005




Phone
1 6462051603


Industry
Pharmaceuticals


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
03/2018


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-15.21M


Employees

        -


Annual Report for TYMI











/news/pressrelease/company/us/tymi

      Press Releases on TYMI
    




 Tyme Announces Uplisting to NASDAQ Capital Market Under New Symbol "TYME" on July 31, 2017
8:31 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies to Present at 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference
8:30 a.m. June 12, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies Presents Positive Interim Clinical Data in Recurrent, Non-Metastatic Prostate Cancer at ASCO 2017
9:01 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies to Present New Clinical Data for Investigational Drug Candidate SM-88 at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting
8:30 a.m. May 22, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies Announces Two New Board of Director Appointments -- David Carberry and James Biehl
9:33 a.m. March 29, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Appoints Ben Taylor as President and Chief Financial Officer
8:30 a.m. March 23, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies, Inc. Announces $8.2 Million Private Placement
12:08 p.m. March 22, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies Appoints Healthcare Veteran Paul L. Sturman as Independent Director
9:01 a.m. March 2, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Announces Issuance of Second Core Platform Patent
9:00 a.m. Jan. 31, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies Announces Hiring of Shabnam Stanicky as Clinical Operations Officer
9:30 a.m. Jan. 6, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies Advances SM-88 into the Second Stage of its Phase Ib/II Prostate Cancer Trial
10:30 a.m. Jan. 5, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Tyme Technologies, Inc. Announces William K. Oh, M.D., Chief of the Division of Hematology and Medical Oncology at Mount Sinai, as Special Advisor for a Phase 2 Trial for Recurrent Prostate Cancer Patients Being Planned at Mount Sinai Hospital
11:11 a.m. Sept. 20, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:12 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Tyme Technologies Inc 44 Wall St New York, NY Laboratories-Pharmaceutical - MapQuest







































































































    Tyme Technologies Inc
  

44 Wall St

New York
NY
10005




 Reviews



(646) 205-1603
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





























About - Tyme Inc

















































































 



















About Our Company














Work Experience

Tyme Technologies, Inc.’s experienced management team has a long and successful track record of discovering and developing novel therapeutics and of leading successful entrepreneurial life sciences ventures. In addition, Tyme Technologies, Inc.’s leadership team and Board of Directors has the development and commercialization of new technologies and discoveries. Most importantly, Tyme’s management brings a deep passion for discovering and developing more effective therapies for treating cancer.








Design





74%





Business





80%





Progress





61%





Branding





89%





















Image 1Masonry Puzzle 







RESEARCH 1Branding 







RESEARCH 2Category1 







RESEARCH 3Business 







RESEARCH 4Branding 







RESEARCH 5Business 


















Digital Planning


Marketing


Office Management System


Innovations


Analytics Optimization


Trends





Teamwork Training


Business


SEO Research


Branding


Responsive Testing


Technology




Latest Projects


Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam

Maecenas iaculis leo sit amet tempor maximus.Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consec tetuer adipis elit, aliquam eget nibh etlibura. No sea takimata sanctus est kasd guber. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consec tetuer adipis elit, aliquam eget nibh etlibura. No sea takimata sanctus est kasd guber.



























Team Members


Lorem ipsum dolor consectetuer adipiscing elit























Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.


Jaclyn Williams
Chili Ltd.












Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.


Henry O′Hara
Future Inc.












Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.


Bruno Fibonacci
Space Jam Co.























0
Works






0
Awards






0
Projects






0
Members






0+
Smiles
















Flight Your Business














Latest News






July 27, 2017July 27, 2017Tyme Technologies Inc. Announces Uplisting to NASDAQ Capital Market Under New Symbol “TYME” on July 31, 2017In News 






July 24, 2017July 24, 2017Tyme Inc. to Present at Precision: Lung Cancer World R&D SummitIn News 






June 12, 2017June 12, 2017Tyme Technologies to Present 2017 Marcum Microcap ConferenceIn News 






June 5, 2017June 28, 2017ASCO 2017 Poster PresentationIn News 






June 5, 2017June 6, 2017Tyme Technologies Presents Positive Interim Clinical Data in Recurrent, Non-Metastatic Prostate Cancer at ASCO 2017In News 






May 22, 2017June 6, 2017Tyme Technologies to Present New Clinical Data for Investigational Drug Candidate SM-88 at 2017 ASCO Annual MeetingIn News 






March 30, 2017March 30, 2017Tyme Technologies Announces Two New Board of Director Appointments — David Carberry and James BiehlIn News 






March 23, 2017March 30, 2017Tyme Appoints Ben Taylor as President and Chief Financial OfficerIn News 






March 22, 2017March 22, 2017Tyme Technologies, Inc. Announces $8.2 Million Private PlacementIn News 






March 2, 2017March 22, 2017Tyme Technologies Appoints Healthcare Veteran Paul L. Sturman as Independent DirectorIn News 



































































 
Interested in a Clinical Trial?
Connect with us to see how we can help.
CLICK HERE

 













































Home - Tyme Global Technologies






















































Tyme Global Technologies 






































































You want the best for your hotel guests. We make it happen.
Tyme Global Technologies, a US based, communications and software company focused on the hospitality industry, enhances your customer and guest experience through our innovative products such as remote voice operators, IP based PBX, backup SIP services, and text messaging.
Our offerings include:
 







Products








Services
 





Coming Soon

























Contact - Tyme Inc





















































































 








ContactHome
 / 
Contact



























Contact Us





Thank You! Your message has been sent successfully.





Name *

 


Email *

 


Subject

 


Message *

 




Send Message
















Phone

646.205.1603











Address

44 WALL ST
12TH FLOOR
NEW YORK, NY 10005











Email

info@tymeinc.com


























 
Interested in a Clinical Trial?
Connect with us to see how we can help.
CLICK HERE

 














































Tyme Technologies - Fighting Stage IV Metastatic Cancer






















































































 


















 





Utilizing the Body's Immune System to Treat Diseases 

 







SM-88 is Designed to Target Only Active Cancer Cells 

 







Tyme is Developing Novel Cancer Therapeutics that Take Advantage of Cancer’s Differentiated Metabolism 

 







Making Advancements with our Clinical Trials  

 



 

















Tyme Announces Uplisting to NASDAQ Capital Market
Under New Symbol “TYME” on July 31, 2017








Logicum | Scientia | Humanitas


Tyme Inc.









 Using a Unique Metabolic Approach to Treat Stage IV Metastatic Cancer. 

Tyme Inc. is a research and development company focused on creating medicines that utilize the body’s immune system to treat diseases. We at Tyme believe that the body has the ability to fight off major diseases and heal itself. Tyme is researching a mechanism that it believes may work alongside the body’s immune system to fight Stage IV Metastatic Cancer.
Tyme hopes to provide a novel compound for physicians to use in a treatment regimen for patients fighting six major cancers (breast, lung, prostate, gastric, esophageal and pancreatic cancers) responsible for 62% of the annual cancer deaths in the United States. SM-88, Tyme’s proprietary drug candidate compound, is a novel compound that has the potential to alter defenses to oxidative stress and increase free radical availability to the cancer cell. SM-88 is designed to penetrate the living cancer cells and introduce multiple mechanisms to kill the cell. Inducing transfer of electrons in the cancer cells may allow catalyzed external free radicals to react and stress the cell. SM-88 is a combination of low dose agents used for non-cancer treatment.



















RESEARCH 120160128125047 






RESEARCH 220160109161127 






RESEARCH 320160109160820 






RESEARCH 420160109140900 






RESEARCH 520160108140635 

















Proprietary and Patented 


Tyme’s Novel Approach: SM-88



SM-88 is Investigational and Undergoing Clinical Studies to Evaluate Safety and Effectiveness. It Has Not Been Approved by the FDA.

Tyme’s proprietary and patented SM-88 compound is a combination of unique chemistry and established drugs. SM-88 is designed to penetrate exclusively the living cancer cells and introduce multiple mechanisms to kill the cell without any toxicity or involvement of healthy body tissue. SM-88 may achieve cancer cell death by inducing the transfer of electrons in the cancer cells that allow catalyzed external free radicals to react and stress the cell. The compound could create an engineered metabolic response which may result in the altering of cancer’s cell defenses to oxidative stress. Tyme plans to study whether an SM-88 bolstered immune system can fight the disease to a stability and remission.


Mechanism of Action



SM-88 is Designed to Target Only Active Cancer Cells.

Chemotherapy compounds are toxic, and are designed to interfere with the mechanism of cell division but are not selective, and thus toxic to the organs and the body as a whole. Unlike traditional Chemotherapy, SM-88 is designed to target only active cancer cells and to force them to be vulnerable to the body’s natural defenses and processes.














Participating Institutions



























































 
Interested in a Clinical Trial?
Connect with us to see how we can help.
CLICK HERE

 













 





























News - Tyme Inc




















































































 








LATEST NEWS AND ADVANCEMENTSHome
 / 
LATEST NEWS AND ADVANCEMENTS















27Jul2017Tyme Technologies Inc. Announces Uplisting to NASDAQ Capital Market Under New Symbol “TYME” on July 31, 2017


NEW YORK, July 27, 2017 – Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB: TYMI), a clinical stage biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics to...

 






24Jul2017Tyme Inc. to Present at Precision: Lung Cancer World R&D Summit


NEW YORK, July 24, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tyme Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI), a clinical stage biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics to...

 






12Jun2017Tyme Technologies to Present 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference


NEW YORK, June 12, 2017 – Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB: TYMI), a clinical stage biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics to...

 






5Jun2017ASCO 2017 Poster Presentation


A Phase 1b/2, Open-Label, Dose Escalation Study to Evaluate the Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Efficacy of TYME-88 (SM-88) in Patients with...

 






5Jun2017Tyme Technologies Presents Positive Interim Clinical Data in Recurrent, Non-Metastatic Prostate Cancer at ASCO 2017


Jun 05, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service – CHICAGO, June 05, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI)...

 






22May2017Tyme Technologies to Present New Clinical Data for Investigational Drug Candidate SM-88 at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting


NEW YORK, May 22, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI), a clinical stage biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics...

 






30Mar2017Tyme Technologies Announces Two New Board of Director Appointments — David Carberry and James Biehl


NEW YORK, March 29, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI), a specialty biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics targeted...

 






23Mar2017Tyme Appoints Ben Taylor as President and Chief Financial Officer


NEW YORK, March 23, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI), (“Tyme” or “the Company”) a biotechnology company developing...

 






22Mar2017Tyme Technologies, Inc. Announces $8.2 Million Private Placement


NEW YORK, March 22, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI), a biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics using metabolic...

 






2Mar2017Tyme Technologies Appoints Healthcare Veteran Paul L. Sturman as Independent Director


NEW YORK, March 02, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI), a specialty biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics targeted...

 






1Feb2017Tyme Announces Issuance of Second Core Platform Patent


Patent ‘969 expands Tyme’s intellectual property leadership in cancer therapy utilizing tyrosine in combination with oxidative stress NEW YORK, Jan....

 






6Jan2017Tyme Technologies Announces Hiring of Shabnam Stanicky as Clinical Operations Officer


NEW YORK, Jan. 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI), a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics that...

 




1
2
3

























Recent News 
Tyme Technologies Inc. Announces Uplisting to NASDAQ Capital Market Under New Sy…July 27, 2017
Tyme Inc. to Present at Precision: Lung Cancer World R&D SummitJuly 24, 2017
Tyme Technologies to Present 2017 Marcum Microcap ConferenceJune 12, 2017
ASCO 2017 Poster PresentationJune 5, 2017
Tyme Technologies Presents Positive Interim Clinical Data in Recurrent, Non-Meta…June 5, 2017


Categories 
News















 
Interested in a Clinical Trial?
Connect with us to see how we can help.
CLICK HERE

 






























