








James L. Tyree - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















James L. Tyree
Former Vice Chairman of the Board at Innoviva, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you James L. Tyree? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James L. Tyree's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James L. Tyree's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James L. Tyree's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James L. Tyree through your network of contacts.
												








James L. Tyree's Executive Work History


Past
To view James L. Tyree's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
64

 
 


James L. Tyree's Biography



James L. Tyree has served as a director of the Company since October 2016. Since 2014 Mr. Tyree has served as co-founder and managing partner of Tyree & D'Angelo Partners, a private equity investment firm. Prior to founding Tyree & D'Angelo Partners, Mr. Tyree was President of Abbott Biotech Ventures, a subsidiary of Abbott Laboratories focused on investments in early stage pharmaceuticals and biologics. Prior to that Mr. Tyree held numerous executive positions at Abbott, including Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals, Senior Vice President Global Nutrition, Corporate Vice President Pharmaceutical and Nutritional Products Group Bus ...
(Read More)

			James L. Tyree has served as a director of the Company since October 2016. Since 2014 Mr. Tyree has served as co-founder and managing partner of Tyree & D'Angelo Partners, a private equity investment firm. Prior to founding Tyree & D'Angelo Partners, Mr. Tyree was President of Abbott Biotech Ventures, a subsidiary of Abbott Laboratories focused on investments in early stage pharmaceuticals and biologics. Prior to that Mr. Tyree held numerous executive positions at Abbott, including Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals, Senior Vice President Global Nutrition, Corporate Vice President Pharmaceutical and Nutritional Products Group Business Development and Divisional Vice President and General Manger, Japan. Prior to rejoining Abbott in 1997 Mr. Tyree was the President of SUGEN, Inc. and held management positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer, and Abbott. Mr. Tyree serves as a director of Innoviva, Inc., and ChemoCentryx, Inc. The Board considered Mr. Tyree's experience and expertise within the following areas relevant to the Company and its business in concluding that he should serve on the Board: Healthcare Acquisitions Corporate Management; Commercial Operations; Commercial Strategy; and Board and Board committee experience. Mr. Tyree holds a B.S. degree in Psychology and Forensic Studies and a M.B.A from Indiana University.
		
Source: Depomed, Inc. on 03/22/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James L. Tyree's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James L. Tyree. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James L. Tyree's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James L. Tyree's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James L. Tyree through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James L. Tyree


















Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















CCXI James L. Tyree Insider Trades for ChemoCentryx Inc.


































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

U.S. stock benchmarks tilt lower early Monday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































ChemoCentryx Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CCXI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

ChemoCentryx Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 24, 2017, 9:41 a.m.


CCXI

/quotes/zigman/8663976/composite


$
10.04




Change

-0.01
-0.10%

Volume
Volume 21,703
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/8663976/composite
Previous close

$
			10.05
		


$
				10.04
			
Change

-0.01
-0.10%





Day low
Day high
$10.03
$10.16










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.95
        

            $10.68
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




James L. Tyree



Mr. James L. Tyree is Co-Founder & Managing Partner at Tyree & D'Angelo Partners LLC, Independent Director at ChemoCentryx, Inc., and a Member at The Chicago Council on Global Affairs. He is on the Board of Directors at ChemoCentryx, Inc. He co-founded Tyree & D'Angelo Partners in 2013.
Mr. Tyree was previously employed as Executive Vice President-Pharmaceutical Products by Abbott Laboratories, President by Abbott Biotech Ventures, Inc., and President by SUGEN, Inc. He also served on the board at TAP Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.
Mr. Tyree holds an MBA and undergraduate degree in psychology and forensic studies from Indiana University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/26/2017
20,362


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/25/2017
12,912


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/23/2016
5,544


 
Disposition at $4.39 per share.


24,339


05/21/2016
11,795


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/22/2015
12,703


 
Disposition at $7.45 per share.


94,638


05/22/2015
27,027


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Thomas J. Schall 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Ms. Susan M. Kanaya 
CFO, Secretary, CAO & Principal Accounting Officer




Dr. Petrus  Bekker 
Chief Medical Officer




Dr. Rajinder  Singh 
Senior Vice President-Research




Dr. Markus J. Cappel 
Treasurer & Chief Business Officer




Dr. Henry K. McKinnell 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas A. Edwards 
Independent Director




Dr. Joseph M. Feczko 
Independent Director




Dr. Roger C. Lucas 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. James L. Tyree 
Independent Director




Mr. Geoffrey M. Parker 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:42 AM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:42aCal-Maine shares down 8.4% in early trade
9:40aIf you can’t resist the lure of bottom-fishing this market, at least follow these five rules
9:39aBREAKINGDow struggles to take flight as Wall Street focuses on earnings; Fed ahead
9:35aPetMed's stock soars 9.4% to record high after Q1 results
9:34aNvidia stock price target raised to $180 from $155 at Canaccord Genuity
9:33aS&P 500 opens virtually flat
9:33aDow Jones Industrial Average down 8 points
9:33aNasdaq Composite Index relatively unchanged
9:33aAmericans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30
9:32aStocks see flat open; Halliburton and Google set to report earnings
9:29aIt’s the ninth inning in this part of the New York real-estate market
9:17aOPEC considers crackdown on output deal laggards
9:17aHuntington Bancshares upgraded to buy from neutral at Hilliard Lyons
9:16aThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
9:16aXerox stock price target raised to $33 from $27 at Barclays
9:16aXerox upgraded to equal weight from underweight at Barclays
9:15aWhy you’re more likely to die in an accident during the summer months
9:15aThe dark side of cruises
9:15aCaterpillar's stock surges after BMO Capital says business has 'passed the lows'
9:08aU.S. stock market could get powerful tailwind from weaker dollar: Morgan Stanley
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,538.29

-41.78
-0.19%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,384.14

-3.61
-0.06%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,468.05

-4.49
-0.18%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































James L. Tyree | Board of Directors | Depomed





















James L. TyreeManaging Partner
Tyree & D’Angelo Partners
Mr. Tyree has served as director of Depomed since October 2016. Mr. Tyree is the co-founder and managing partner of Tyree & D’Angelo Partners, a private equity investment firm. Prior to founding Tyree & D’Angelo Partners in 2010, Mr. Tyree was President, Abbott Biotech Ventures, a subsidiary of Abbott Laboratories focused on investments in early stage pharmaceuticals and biologics. Before that Mr. Tyree held numerous executive positions at Abbott including Corporate Vice President Pharmaceutical and Nutritional Products Group Business Development, Senior Vice President Global Nutrition and Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals. Prior to rejoining Abbott in 1997, Mr. Tyree was the President of SUGEN, Inc. and held management positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer, and Abbott. Mr. Tyree serves as a director of Innoviva, Inc. and Chemocentryx. Mr. Tyree received B.S. degrees in Psychology and Forensic Studies and a M.B.A. from Indiana University.




About Us



Management


Arthur J. Higgins


Sharon D. Larkin


Matthew M. Gosling


August J. Moretti


Srinivas G. Rao


Thadd M. Vargas




Board of Directors


James P. Fogarty


Karen A. Dawes


Arthur J. Higgins


Louis J. Lavigne Jr.


William T. McKee


Gavin T. Molinelli


Robert G. Savage


Peter D. Staple


James L. Tyree




Compliance


Contact Us


Directions











Home


About Us


Products


Pipeline


Technology


Clinical Trials


Investors


Careers











Sitemap


Contact Us


A Growing Specialty Pharmaceutical Company





© Depomed, Inc.    All rights reserved



Terms of Use


Privacy Policy



Website design: Hane Chow Inc.

APL-DEP-0092 Rev. 3








James L. Tyree: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 9:42 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Tyree & D'Angelo Partners



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
James L. Tyree  Co-Founder and Managing Partner, Tyree & D'Angelo PartnersAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships64--
Background

		Mr. James L. Tyree, also known as Jim, serves as the Co-Founder and managing partner of Tyree & D'Angelo Partners since 2014. Mr. Tyree is an Advising Founder at LionBird (Ventures) Ltd. Mr. Tyree is the Founder of LionBird (Ventures) Ltd. and served as its Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. He founded LionBird (Ventures) Ltd. in 2012. He serves as an Advisor at Starboard Value LP. Mr. Tyree served as the Chief Executive Officer of Dermatology Medical Partners ... LLC until May 23, 2017. He is a Special Advisor to the Chancellor of UC Davis Sacramento. He has a distinguished career in health care spanning more than 30 years with senior management positions at Abbvie, Abbott Laboratories, Bristol-Meyers Squibb and Pfizer. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and President of Abbott Biotech Ventures Inc. and AbbVie Biotech Ventures, Inc. He has a distinguished 15 year career served as an Executive Vice President of Pharmaceutical Products Group of Abbott Laboratories from 2007 to August 1, 2009 where he held senior executive roles in the Pharmaceutical, Nutrition and International divisions. He served as the President of Abbott Nutrition International of Abbott Laboratories and Vice President of Global Licensing/New Business Development since 2001. He served as Senior Vice President of Pharmaceutical Operations for Abbott Laboratories from 2006 to 2007. Within the pharmaceutical operating division, he was integrally involved in every major transaction executed by the company. Mr. tyree identified and analyzed more than one thousand pharmaceutical in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities for Abbott and drove a substantial number of them to successful transactions. He was also directly responsible for establishing and managing Abbott Global Nutrition. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President of Abbott Nutrition International from April 2005 to 2006 and Senior Vice President, Global Nutrition since 2006. Mr. Tyree served as Divisional Vice President of Global Licensing/New Business Development from 2003 to 2005 and as Divisional Vice President and General Manager, Abbott International Division from 1998 to 2000. He served as Vice President of Global Licensing/New Business Development at Abbott Laboratories since 2001. At Abbott Laboratories, he served as Corporate Vice President Pharmaceutical and Nutritional Products Group Business Development. He served as President of Abbott Biotechnology Ventures until March 31, 2012. He served at Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He served as Business Analyst of Abbott from 1978 to 1979 and Corporate Officer since 2001. He rejoined Abbott in 1997. He served as President of Sugen, Inc. Mr. Tyree led the company's initial public offering in 1994. He served management positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer and Abbott. He serves as a Co-Chairman of the Global Health Policy Roundtable. He has been the Chairman of the Board at Genelux Corporation since May 2014. Mr. Tyree has been a Genelux Board Member or Observer since 2009. He served as the Chairman of Illinois Biotechnology Industry Organization. He served as Vice Chairman Innoviva, Inc. from March 1, 2017 to June 2, 2017 and served as its Director from June 2, 2014 to June 2, 2017. He has been an Independent Director of Depomed, Inc., since October 17, 2016. He serves as Director of TAP Pharmaceuticals, Theravance and iBIO Institute. He has been a Director of ChemoCentryx, Inc. since June 5, 2012. He serves as a Director of SonarMed. He serves as a Member of the Advisory Boards of the Polsky Center of Entrepreneurship at the University of Chicago and the Kellogg Center for Biotechnology at Northwestern University. He serves as Member of Richard M. Daley's Chicago Mayor's Council of Technology Advisors. He serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at the University of Chicago Booth Graduate School of Business and a Member of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. He has an extensive senior leadership and operational experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. He has distinguished career in health care heading global pharmaceutical products and business development in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Tyree has two Bachelor's Degrees in Psychology and Forensic Studies and a Master's Degree in Business Administration from Kelley School at Indiana University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
233 North Michigan AvenueChicago, Illinois 60601United StatesPhone: 312-489-5050Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectoriBIO Institute2012-PresentDirectorChemoCentryx, Inc.2014-PresentChairman of the BoardGenelux Corporation2016-PresentIndependent DirectorDepomed, Inc.
Education
BA Indiana University, BloomingtonBS Indiana University, BloomingtonMBA Kelley School of Business
Other Affiliations
Innoviva, Inc.Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Abbott LaboratoriesDepomed, Inc.ChemoCentryx, Inc.Indiana University, BloomingtonIllinois Biotechnology Industry OrganizationKelley School of BusinessGenelux CorporationiBIO InstituteAbbVie Biotech Ventures, Inc.LionBird (Ventures) Ltd.Dermatology Medical Partners LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tyree & D'Angelo Partners, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























ChemoCentryx Announces Appointment of James L. Tyree to the Company's Board of Directors (NASDAQ:CCXI)
























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Jun 7, 2012



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



ChemoCentryx Announces Appointment of James L. Tyree to the Company's Board of Directors

MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., June 7, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ChemoCentryx, Inc. (Nasdaq:CCXI) announced today that James L. Tyree has been appointed to the Company's Board of Directors, effective immediately and that it has increased the size of its board from six to seven. Mr. Tyree is a former Executive Vice President of Abbott Laboratories and brings to the ChemoCentryx Board extensive senior leadership and operational experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.


 "We are privileged to have Jim join the ChemoCentryx Board of Directors," said Thomas J. Schall, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer, ChemoCentryx. "His distinguished career in health care heading global pharmaceutical products and business development in the pharmaceutical industry, make him a great addition."


 "I am honored to join the ChemoCentryx Board," stated Mr. Tyree. "ChemoCentryx has an impressive track record advancing novel medicines into clinical development, and I look forward to contributing my perspective and insights as the Company further advances toward commercialization."


 During the last fourteen years, Mr. Tyree has held numerous executive positions at Abbott Laboratories, including Corporate Vice President Pharmaceutical and Nutritional Products Group Business Development, Senior Vice President Global Nutrition and Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals. He retired as President Abbott Biotechnology Ventures on March 31, 2012. Prior to joining Abbott, Mr. Tyree was the President of SUGEN, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on oncology. Earlier in his career, Mr. Tyree held management positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer and Abbott. Over his entire career, he was a four-time expatriate living and working over six years in Latin America and seven years in 
Japan. Mr. Tyree is a member of the Advisory Board of the University of Chicago Booth Graduate School of Business, a member of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs and co-chairman of the Global Health Policy Roundtable. Mr. Tyree also serves as a director for a number of privately held companies. Mr. Tyree earned Bachelor's Degrees in Psychology and Forensic Studies and a Master's Degree in Business Administration from Indiana University.

ABOUT CHEMOCENTRYX

ChemoCentryx, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing orally-administered therapeutics that target the chemokine and chemoattractant systems in order to treat autoimmune diseases, inflammatory disorders and cancer. The chemokine system is a biological network that regulates inflammation via a collection of secreted chemokine molecules, or ligands, and their specific cell surface receptors. Based on its proprietary drug discovery and drug development platform, ChemoCentryx has generated multiple clinical and preclinical-stage programs, each targeting distinct chemokine and chemoattractant receptors with different small molecule compounds. The Company's most advanced drug candidate, vercirnon (also known as 
Traficet-EN, CCX282 or GSK1605786), a specific CCR9 inhibitor, completed a multi-national clinical trial, called PROTECT-1, in patients with moderate-to-severe Crohn's disease, where it demonstrated the ability to induce a clinical response and to maintain clinical remission, and is now in Phase III clinical development. The Company's lead independent drug candidate, CCX140, a CCR2 inhibitor, has been shown to be safe and well tolerated while demonstrating clinical activity on glycemic indices in a Phase II clinical trial in type 2 diabetics, and is now in Phase II clinical development for the treatment of diabetic nephropathy. Other clinical programs include CCX354 (also known as GSK2941266), a CCR1 inhibitor which successfully completed a Phase II clinical trial for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, and CCX168, a C5aR inhibitor in Phase II clinical development for the treatment of 
anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis. ChemoCentryx also has several programs in advanced preclinical development.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


 ChemoCentryx cautions you that statements included in this press release that are not a description of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "could," "will," "would," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "intend," "predict," "seek," "contemplate," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Company's current beliefs and expectations. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by ChemoCentryx that any of its plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ from those set forth in this release due to the risk and uncertainties inherent in the ChemoCentryx business and other risks described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof, and ChemoCentryx undertakes no obligation to revise or update this news release to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. Further information regarding these and other risks is included under the heading "Risk Factors" in ChemoCentryx's periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including ChemoCentryx's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended March 31, 2012, which are available from the SEC's website (www.sec.gov) and on ChemoCentryx's website (www.ChemoCentryx.com) under the heading "Investors." All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.


 CCXI — G

  
CONTACT: Susan M. Kanaya

         Senior Vice President, Finance and

         Chief Financial Officer or

         Markus J. Cappel, Ph.D.

         Chief Business Officer

         650-210-2900

         investor@chemocentryx.com



         Burns McClellan

         Media Inquiries

         Justin Jackson

         212-213-0006

         jjackson@burnsmc.com






Source: ChemoCentryx, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media








 

JAMES L TYREE - MARLINTON, WV - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WV



MARLINTON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JAMES L TYREE
                                    



 





















J 


JAMES L TYREE
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



916 10TH AVE APT 6 MARLINTON, WV 24954
Get Directions



(304) 799-2380





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, James L Tyree has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Marlinton. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Tyree & D'Angelo Partners - Investment Partners


















Home|
About Us|
Team|
Investments|
Owners|
Intermediaries


 




Investment Partners


James L. Tyree
Managing Partner
jtyree@tdpfund.com 
James has a distinguished career in health care spanning more than thirty years. His accomplishments are well recognized as an investor, operating executive, and entrepreneur. During the last fourteen years, he held numerous executive positions at Abbott including Corporate Vice President Pharmaceutical and Nutritional Products Group Business Development, Senior Vice President Global Nutrition, and Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals. He retired as President, Abbott Biotech Ventures. In his last three positions prior to retiring from Abbott, James reported to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
From 2000 to 2010, James was a significant contributor to Abbott's most defining endeavors. Within the pharmaceutical operating division, James was integrally involved in every major transaction executed by the company including the acquisitions of BASF Pharmaceuticals, KOS Pharmaceuticals, Solvay Pharmaceuticals and Piramal Health Solutions. He was also responsible for the restructuring of TAP, Abbott's highly successful joint venture with Takeda Chemicals of Japan. In addition, James identified and analyzed more than one thousand pharmaceutical in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities for Abbott, and drove a substantial number of them to successful transactions. James was also directly responsible for establishing and managing Abbott Global Nutrition, Abbott's second largest and profitable operating division.
Prior to joining Abbott, James was the President of Sugen, Inc., a biotechnology company focused in oncology. James led the company's initial public offering in 1994 and subsequently shaped the company to make it an attractive acquisition target. The company was acquired by Pharmacia in 1997. Earlier in his career, James held management positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer, and Abbott. Over his entire career, he is a four time expatriate living and working six and a half years in Latin America and seven years in Japan.
James is a member of the Advisory Board of the University Of Chicago Graduate School Of Business (Booth). He is a Special Advisor to the Chancellor of UC Davis Sacramento. James serves as an independent director of Depomed, SonarMed, Genelux, ChemoCentryx and Theravance.
James earned his MBA from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University, as well as two bachelor degrees in psychology and forensic studies from Indiana University.
Enzo A. D'Angelo
Managing Partner
edangelo@tdpfund.com				  
Enzo brings almost two decades of leading private equity investment and corporate finance experience. He previously worked at Norwest Equity Partners which managed $5 billion of investment capital from Minnesota, Wind Point Partners which managed $2 billion of investment capital from Illinois and Michigan, and American Securities which managed $2 billion of investment capital from New York. Prior to entering the private equity industry, Enzo focused on corporate finance merger & acquisition advisory and lending for private equity investments while at Credit Suisse investment banking in New York.
Enzo holds an MBA with honors from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, is a Chartered Financial Analyst, and received an undergraduate business degree with honors from the Richard Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario.
Michael J. Tyree
Managing Partner
mtyree@tdpfund.com			      
Michael has over one and a half decades of leading private equity investment and corporate finance experience. He previously worked at Flexpoint Ford which managed $1 billion of investment capital from Illinois and New York and was one of the initial investment professionals hired. Michael also worked at Stark Investments in Wisconsin, at the time a $15 billion hedge fund investing in equity securities. Prior to entering private equity, Michael worked in corporate finance and merger & acquisition advisory for different sized healthcare companies while at Lazard investment banking in New York.
Michael holds an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and an undergraduate double major in economics and biological sciences with Phi Beta Kappa and Student Marshal distinction from the University of Chicago.
Ryan B. Griffith
Vice President
rgriffith@tdpfund.com
Ryan brings almost a decade of private equity and investment banking experience. He previously worked at Prism Capital which managed almost $200 million of investment capital from Chicago. Prior to entering the private equity industry, Ryan focused on corporate finance merger & acquisition advisory while at Houlihan Capital in Chicago.
Ryan holds an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, and received an undergraduate finance degree from Augustana College.
Nathan C. Miller
Vice President
nmiller@tdpfund.com
Nathan brings almost a decade of private equity and investment banking experience. He previously worked at CHS (Code Hennessy & Simmons) Capital which managed $2.3 billion of investment capital from Chicago. Nathan also worked in corporate finance and merger & acquisition advisory at Goldman, Sachs & Co. in New York and Lincoln International in Chicago.
Nathan holds an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and received an undergraduate business degree with distinction from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University.
 
 




Team Overview


Investment Partners

James L. Tyree
Enzo A. D’Angelo
Michael J. Tyree
Ryan B. Griffith
Nathan C. Miller



Executive Partners


Advisory Partners


Portfolio Company Executives


Administration & Finance




233 N Michigan Ave, Suite 1910, Chicago, IL 60601
Contact Us
View/print website in PDF
Copyright © 2017 Tyree & D'Angelo Partners. All rights reserved.






 


James L. Tyree, Exec. VP - Pharmaceutical Products Group, Abbott Laboratories














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of James Tyree 





 


James Tyree

 

Exec. VP - Pharmaceutical Products Group - Abbott Laboratories

 


James Tyree Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Abbott Laboratories 

 

Company Website : 
www.abbott.com 

 

Company Address : 
100 Abbott Pk. Rd., Abbott Park, IL,United States, 


 


James Tyree Profile :
Exec. VP - Pharmaceutical Products Group - Abbott Laboratories 

 


James Tyree Biography :


James Tyree is senior vice president, Global Nutrition. Tyree first joined Abbott from 1978 until 1979 as a business analyst for a year. He rejoined the company in June 1997 and has been in various management positions including divisional vice president and general manager for Abbott's international division in Japan. He recently served as vice president, global licensing/new business development in the Pharmaceutical Products Division. He assumed his current role in April 2005.Prior to re-joining Abbott in 1997, Tyree was president of Sugen Inc., a biotechnology start-up company and held various leadership positions at other pharmaceutical companies.He serves on the board of directors for TAP Pharmaceuticals, a joint venture between Abbott and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. He is a member of the advisory boards of the Polsky Center of Entrepreneurship at the University of Chicago and the Kellogg Center for Biotechnology at Northwestern University. He is a member of Richard M. Daley's Chicago Mayor's Council of Technology Advisors. Formerly chairman, he is also chairman of the board of directors of the Illinois Biotechnology Industry Organization.He earned bachelor's degrees in psychology and forensic studies and a master's degree in business administration from Indiana University. 

 


James Tyree Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


David Owen 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Laura Schumacher 
Exec. VP, General Counsel, Sec. 
Please login 


William Daley 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


John Landgraf 
Sr. VP - Global Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Supply 
Please login 


Richard Gonzalez 
Dir., Pres., COO 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.






James L Tyree - Chicago, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James L Tyree in Chicago, IL


James L Tyree

                                                                           Intelius found that James L Tyree  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Chicago, IL.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

James L Tyree is in his 60s

James Has Lived In

Chicago, IL
Wilmington, DE
New Town, PA

James's Relatives

Michael Tyree
Kathryn Tyree
Renee Tyree







James L Tyree



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President at Abbott Laboratories Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James L Tyree
Get a Criminal Check on James L Tyree
Get a Public Record Report on James L Tyree
Get a People Search Report on James L Tyree


James L Tyree's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James L Tyree has lived as well as James L Tyree's phone numbers and email addresses.




James L Tyree Has Lived in 5 States
Illinois Address for James L Tyree


825 W B***** A** 

Chicago, IL


Has Lived In

Chicago, IL
Wilmington, DE


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James L Tyree

(312) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 
(773) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 
(602) ***-**** - Phoenix, AZ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James L Tyree

j*********e@***.com
j*********e@***.net


Get Email Report




James L Tyree's Professional Information
Information regarding James L Tyree's professional history.  Find out previous places James L Tyree has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


James L Tyree Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Abbott Laboratories Company
               Title: Senior Vice President
James L Tyree's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President
               Company: Abbott Laboratories Company
Job Details
               Abbott is a global healthcare company devoted to improving life through the development of products and technologies that span the breadth of healthcare. With a portfolio of leading, science-based offerings in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals, Abbott serves people in more than 150 countries and employs approximately 74,000 people.
Additional Professional Information on James L Tyree

 See James L Tyree's LinkedIn Profile



James L Tyree's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James L Tyree


James L Tyree's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James L Tyree's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Tyree
Username Matches

                  JamesTyree
                  TyreeJames
                  James.Tyree
                  Tyree.James
                  James_Tyree
                  Tyree_James
                  James-Tyree
                  Tyree-James
                  JTyree
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Tyree







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














BOARD OF DIRECTORS - Genelux





























































ABOUT GENELUX 

ABOUT GENELUXBOARD OF DIRECTORS
MANAGEMENT TEAM
ADVISORY BOARDS




GENELUX CORPORATION BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                    







James L. Tyree, Chairman
James L. Tyree has achieved a distinguished career in health care spanning more than thirty years. His accomplishments are well recognized as an investor, operating executive, and entrepreneur. During the last fourteen years, he has held numerous executive positions at Abbott including Corporate Vice President Pharmaceutical and Nutritional Products Group Business Development, Senior Vice President Global Nutrition, and Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals. He retired as President Abbott Biotechnology Ventures. In his last three positions prior to retirement, Mr. Tyree reported to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Prior to joining Abbott, Mr. Tyree was the President of Sugen Inc., a biotechnology company focused in oncology. Mr. Tyree led the company’s initial public offering in 1994 and subsequently shaped the company to make it an attractive acquisition target. The company was acquired by Pharmacia in 1997. Earlier in his career, Mr. Tyree held management positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer, and Abbott. Over his entire career, he is a four time expatriate living and working six and a half years in Latin America and seven years in Japan. 
Mr. Tyree is a member of the Advisory Board of the University Of Chicago Graduate School Of Business (Booth). He is also a member of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs and co-chairman of the Global Health Policy Roundtable. He is past chairman of the Board of Directors of the Illinois Biotechnology Industry Organization. Mr. Tyree is an Independent Director for SonarMed, a privately held developer and manufacturer of critical care respiratory monitoring technologies.  Mr. Tyree joined the Genelux Corporation Board of Directors in May, 2012.
Mr. Tyree earned bachelor degrees in psychology and forensic studies, and a master’s degree in Business Administration from Indiana University.







George A. Vandeman, JD, Vice Chairman
George Vandeman, an attorney and former senior executive at Amgen, has enjoyed a long and distinguished career spanning corporate development, product licensing, corporate transactions, corporate governance and strategic planning.  Mr. Vandeman retired in 2000 after five years at Amgen as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chairman of the company’s Operating Committee. During his tenure at Amgen, he was responsible for the Corporate Development and Product Licensing groups, the company’s legal department, as well as mergers and acquisitions and product licensing activities. 

Immediately prior to joining Amgen, Mr. Vandeman was a senior partner and head of Mergers & Acquisitions for the international law firm of Latham & Watkins, where he worked for nearly three decades representing bidders, targets and financial advisors in corporate control transactions and advising Boards of Directors as to M&A and corporate governance matters. During his long career at Latham & Watkins, George Vandeman represented many well-known television, entertainment, and corporate clients including Marvin Davis in M&A matters and Ted Turner in his bid for CBS, his acquisition of MGM/UA and subsequent sale of certain MGM assets. He also represented Michael Jackson in his consideration to take his music publishing company public, the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of Imagine Films Entertainment in connection with the purchase of that company by director Ron Howard and producer Brian Grazer, and Nestlé USA in connection with certain acquisitions and divestitures, among others.   

Since his retirement from Amgen, he has been a principal in Vandeman & Co., a private investment firm, and remained active in the corporate arena, including owning a restaurant group on joint Base Pearl Harbor Hickam. Mr. Vandeman is also a member and past Chair of the Board of Councilors at the University of Southern California Law School.  He received his BA degree in 1963 and his JD degree in 1966 from the University of Southern California.







John Thomas, MA, MBA, PhD
Dr. Thomas served as the company’s first Chief Financial Officer before leaving the post in 2004. He has been a member of the Board of Directors since August 2002. He is currently Dean of the School of Business and Management at La Sierra University in Riverside, California, where he teaches finance, economics and entrepreneurship, a position he has occupied since July 1988. Dr. Thomas holds MBA degrees in finance and marketing, an MA in political economy and a PhD in economics and politics. He has received numerous awards honoring his success as a passionate teacher who motivates students to seek and achieve excellence, among them the Freedom Foundation’s Leavey Award for Excellence in Private Enterprise Education (1998), the Zapara Award to Teaching Excellence (1996) and the Riverside Chambers of Commerce Hero Award for Community Leadership (1995).







Ronald Roy A. Simus
Dr. Ronald Roy A. Simus joined Genelux Corporation as the Company’s first investor in 2002 when the Company was first attempting to build its initial scientific discoveries into a biomedical research and development company. Since this time, Dr. Simus has been involved with the growth and evolution of the Company, including participating in the Company’s management, corporate strategy, fundraising and operations. Today, he serves as the Company’s Interim Secretary, its Vice President of Investor Relations and Investments and is also a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. Dr. Simus holds a DDS and an MS in orthodontics and dentofacial orthopedics from Loma Linda University.







Thomas Zindrick, JD
Tom Zindrick, an experienced life sciences and biotechnology executive with a career spanning more than 20 years, joined Genelux Corporation as President and CEO in May 2014. Mr. Zindrick retired from Amgen Inc in 2009 after a distinguished 16 year career, and has since served as CEO of Amitech Therapeutic Solutions, Inc., a La Jolla, California based discovery and drug development company focused on commercializing allosteric kinase inhibitors, as well independent consultant to Genelux Corporation.
 
During his career at Amgen, he held positions of increasing responsibility, including Vice President, Associate General Counsel, and Chief Compliance Officer. As Vice President, Associate General Counsel, Mr. Zindrick led intellectual property, licensing and regulatory law teams, and served on cross-functional business and product development teams. These teams were responsible for acquisitions totaling over twenty billion dollars and the licensing and development of six therapeutic products and numerous clinical candidates. As Chief Compliance Officer, he reported to the Board of Directors and led the Corporate Compliance Program, which oversaw the compliance activities of numerous company functions including product development, manufacturing and marketing. Prior to joining Amgen, Mr. Zindrick was an attorney at The Dow Chemical Company. 
 
Mr. Zindrick received his J.D. from the University of Illinois College of Law and a BA in Biology from North Central College in Naperville, Illinois.








Billy J. Parrott
Billy Parrott’s long and illustrious career in advertising, marketing, writing and directing began as a mail boy at McCann Erickson Advertising. In less than 6 years he ultimately rose to Creative Supervisor at Benton & Bowles, responsible for the creative output of over 25% the firm’s billings and winning every copy-writing award in advertising on premier advertising accounts as Crest Toothpaste, Scope Mouth Wash, Hilton Hotels, Oreo, Premium Saltine Crackers, Ritz Crackers, Chips Ahoy, Nestea, Vanquish Headache Remedy and Coca Cola.

His marketing career included consulting for TIME magazine, where Mr. Parrott developed the innovative, groundbreaking and high revenue generating “magazine within the magazine” concept that is still a highly effective marketing tool for the print media.  He was also a marketing consultant to AT&T, Roche Pharmaceuticals, Sharp Electronics, JVC, Becton Dichinson, Mead Johnson and others. 

Mr. Parrott was CEO & Co-founder of Private Networks, Inc., a pioneer in the wireless telecommunication industry. He a founder of American Mobile Satellite Company (renamed Motient, then later TerreStar), where he served over 10 years on the Board of Directors, including the Executive, Audit and Compensation Committees, and as a Member of the Executive Committee when it approved the formation and funding of XM Satellite Radio and MSV Ventures. 

Over the years Billy Parrott has earned distinction as an award winning movie producer, director and writer, having formed the film production company, Parrott and People. He received the Peabody Award for directing THE BOY KING, a television movie depicting the childhood life of Dr. Martin Luther King, starring Oscar Nominee, Howard Rollins. He Directed and wrote FROM KING TO CONGRESS, an award winning, National television documentary on Andy Young’s successful bid for Congress which premiered at the Kennedy Center , and numerous other documentaries and videos.
 
Mr. Parrott enlisted in the United States Air Force serving four years prior to entering and graduating from Oregon State University with BS in Business Administration. He attended Oregon State on a football scholarship under legendary Hall of Fame Coach, Tommy Prothro. He still serves several boards including the American Youth Hostel. 







Peter Kroll, MD
Dr. Peter Kroll, MD is Board Certified in Anesthesiology since 2003 and Board Certified in Pain Management since 2005. He is a founder, owner, and medical director of Nashville Tennessee-based Comprehensive Pain Specialists, the largest Pain Practice in the southeast with 40 multistate locations and over 500 employees. Specializing in the field of Pain Management, Dr. Kroll creates treatment and management plans for patients suffering from chronic pain resulting from a wide range of disorders, diseases, and complications. Throughout his time as a practicing physician, he has directed over 30 clinical trials as a principal and sub investigator, and authored multiple publications.


Dr. Kroll graduated from Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 1997 in the top 10% of his class with academic recognition admission into the Alpha Omega Alpha Society , and through 2001 completed his Surgical Internship, 6 months of Orthopedic residency and 3 years of Anesthesiology residency at Loma Linda University Medical Center. He then completed his Interventional Pain Fellowship at Wake Forest University Baptist Hospital in 2002. In 1993, Dr. Kroll graduated summa cum laude from Southern Adventist University (Collegedale, TN) with a BA in Religion and a Minor in Chemistry.








Albert Röder, PhD
Dr. Albert Röder joined Genelux Corporation in 2004 after retiring from Roche Applied Science as Head of Global R&D and Marketing Support. In February of that year, he was elected to the Board of Directors of Genelux Corporation. His distinguished 33-year career in the pharmaceutical and diagnostics industries included several operative and leadership positions in research and development, manufacturing, marketing, strategy and business development within international cross-functional teams. Before joining Roche, Dr. Röder worked for Boehringer Mannheim, where he rose to Head of Research in Enzymology, Proteinchemistry and Chemistry, then to Head of the Global Product Supply Unit of its Business Unit, Biochemicals. He holds a PhD in organic chemistry from the University of Tübingen in Germany.







Byron Georgiou
Byron Georgiou has had a long career in the private and public sector in business, law and government service. From 2009 to 2011 he served as one of ten bipartisan nationwide members on the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, which conducted America’s official inquiry into the causes of the continuing financial, economic and housing crises, and reported its results to the President and Congress.  (http://fcic.law.stanford.edu).

Byron currently oversees Georgiou Enterprises, with wide-ranging interests, including as Chair, President, CEO and controlling shareholder of Xtreme Green Electric Vehicles, Inc. (www.xgev.com), manufacturer of lithium- ion, iron-phosphate battery powered all-electric niche vehicles distributed worldwide; lead investor and sole non-founder, independent director from 2010 to 2016 of Health Fusion (www.healthfusion.com), providing practice management and cloud-based healthcare information technology to U.S. healthcare providers, which was sold in 2016 for up to $190 Million to Quality Systems Inc. (QSII-NASDAQ); co-founder in 2005 of and continuing advisor to Corinthian Capital Group (www.corinthiancap.com), a New York and Boston based middle market private equity fund; director since 2014 of Genelux, a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that has developed a proprietary oncolytic virus based technology platform and deep pipeline of products, www.Genelux.com; director since 2016 of NIPD Genetics, a biotechnology company active in the field of designing, developing, and manufacturing non-invasive genetics tests, www.NIPD.com; former director of Group Aero (www.groupaero.com), which provided advanced engineering, design and manufacturing services to the space, commercial aerospace and defense markets; former director of Mortgage Resolution Partners, a community advisory firm that assisted local governments in addressing the underwater mortgage crisis in America; and over 30 year director and 1985 co-founder with Jack Ford, son of President Gerald Ford, of InfoplaceUSA (www.infoplaceusa.com), providing customer services at regional shopping centers nationwide.

Byron has served since 2005 on the advisory board of the Harvard Law School Program on Corporate Governance (www.law.harvard.edu/programs/corp_gov), which hosts the world’s leading blog on corporate governance and financial regulation.  From 2000 to 2011, he was Of Counsel to Robbins, Geller, Rudman & Dowd (www.rgrdlaw.com), and its predecessor law firms, the world’s largest plaintiffs’ securities practice, investigating and civilly prosecuting financial fraud, with leadership roles in the historic litigations on behalf of victimized institutional investors at Enron, WorldCom, Dynegy, AOL/TimeWarner and UnitedHealth.

In 1994, Byron co-founded American Partners Capital Group with Dale Hanson, then CEO of the California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS), the nation’s largest pension fund, to meet the needs of institutional investors and investment managers with capital formation in a variety of alternative asset categories.

During the second of Jerry Brown’s four terms as California Governor, Byron served as Legal Affairs Secretary, responsible for litigation by and against the Governor, judicial appointments, liaison with the Attorney General, Judiciary and State Bar, legal advice to the Governor and members of his Cabinet, and exercise of the Governor’s powers of extradition and clemency.

Byron attended Stanford University on a full Alfred P. Sloan academic scholarship, graduating with Great Distinction with an A.B. in Political Science, as a participant in the Honors Program in Social Thought and Institutions, and received his J.D. Magna Cum Laude from Harvard Law School.









 









ABOUTBOARD OF DIRECTORS
MANAGEMENT TEAM
ADVISORY BOARDS

LEADERSHIPONCOLYTIC VIROTHERAPY
PUBLICATIONS
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

TECHNOLOGYATTACKING CANCER
IMAGING
THERAPIES
GL-ONC1
V-VET1
PIPELINE

CLINICAL TRIALSABOUT CLINICAL TRIALS
CLINICAL TRIALS OPERATIONS

CONTACTCAREERS



	
    Copyright © 2014 Genelux |  Disclaimer

    Website by BlausenMedia










BOARD OF DIRECTORS - Genelux





























































ABOUT GENELUX 

ABOUT GENELUXBOARD OF DIRECTORS
MANAGEMENT TEAM
ADVISORY BOARDS




GENELUX CORPORATION BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                    







James L. Tyree, Chairman
James L. Tyree has achieved a distinguished career in health care spanning more than thirty years. His accomplishments are well recognized as an investor, operating executive, and entrepreneur. During the last fourteen years, he has held numerous executive positions at Abbott including Corporate Vice President Pharmaceutical and Nutritional Products Group Business Development, Senior Vice President Global Nutrition, and Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals. He retired as President Abbott Biotechnology Ventures. In his last three positions prior to retirement, Mr. Tyree reported to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Prior to joining Abbott, Mr. Tyree was the President of Sugen Inc., a biotechnology company focused in oncology. Mr. Tyree led the company’s initial public offering in 1994 and subsequently shaped the company to make it an attractive acquisition target. The company was acquired by Pharmacia in 1997. Earlier in his career, Mr. Tyree held management positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer, and Abbott. Over his entire career, he is a four time expatriate living and working six and a half years in Latin America and seven years in Japan. 
Mr. Tyree is a member of the Advisory Board of the University Of Chicago Graduate School Of Business (Booth). He is also a member of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs and co-chairman of the Global Health Policy Roundtable. He is past chairman of the Board of Directors of the Illinois Biotechnology Industry Organization. Mr. Tyree is an Independent Director for SonarMed, a privately held developer and manufacturer of critical care respiratory monitoring technologies.  Mr. Tyree joined the Genelux Corporation Board of Directors in May, 2012.
Mr. Tyree earned bachelor degrees in psychology and forensic studies, and a master’s degree in Business Administration from Indiana University.







George A. Vandeman, JD, Vice Chairman
George Vandeman, an attorney and former senior executive at Amgen, has enjoyed a long and distinguished career spanning corporate development, product licensing, corporate transactions, corporate governance and strategic planning.  Mr. Vandeman retired in 2000 after five years at Amgen as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chairman of the company’s Operating Committee. During his tenure at Amgen, he was responsible for the Corporate Development and Product Licensing groups, the company’s legal department, as well as mergers and acquisitions and product licensing activities. 

Immediately prior to joining Amgen, Mr. Vandeman was a senior partner and head of Mergers & Acquisitions for the international law firm of Latham & Watkins, where he worked for nearly three decades representing bidders, targets and financial advisors in corporate control transactions and advising Boards of Directors as to M&A and corporate governance matters. During his long career at Latham & Watkins, George Vandeman represented many well-known television, entertainment, and corporate clients including Marvin Davis in M&A matters and Ted Turner in his bid for CBS, his acquisition of MGM/UA and subsequent sale of certain MGM assets. He also represented Michael Jackson in his consideration to take his music publishing company public, the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of Imagine Films Entertainment in connection with the purchase of that company by director Ron Howard and producer Brian Grazer, and Nestlé USA in connection with certain acquisitions and divestitures, among others.   

Since his retirement from Amgen, he has been a principal in Vandeman & Co., a private investment firm, and remained active in the corporate arena, including owning a restaurant group on joint Base Pearl Harbor Hickam. Mr. Vandeman is also a member and past Chair of the Board of Councilors at the University of Southern California Law School.  He received his BA degree in 1963 and his JD degree in 1966 from the University of Southern California.







John Thomas, MA, MBA, PhD
Dr. Thomas served as the company’s first Chief Financial Officer before leaving the post in 2004. He has been a member of the Board of Directors since August 2002. He is currently Dean of the School of Business and Management at La Sierra University in Riverside, California, where he teaches finance, economics and entrepreneurship, a position he has occupied since July 1988. Dr. Thomas holds MBA degrees in finance and marketing, an MA in political economy and a PhD in economics and politics. He has received numerous awards honoring his success as a passionate teacher who motivates students to seek and achieve excellence, among them the Freedom Foundation’s Leavey Award for Excellence in Private Enterprise Education (1998), the Zapara Award to Teaching Excellence (1996) and the Riverside Chambers of Commerce Hero Award for Community Leadership (1995).







Ronald Roy A. Simus
Dr. Ronald Roy A. Simus joined Genelux Corporation as the Company’s first investor in 2002 when the Company was first attempting to build its initial scientific discoveries into a biomedical research and development company. Since this time, Dr. Simus has been involved with the growth and evolution of the Company, including participating in the Company’s management, corporate strategy, fundraising and operations. Today, he serves as the Company’s Interim Secretary, its Vice President of Investor Relations and Investments and is also a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. Dr. Simus holds a DDS and an MS in orthodontics and dentofacial orthopedics from Loma Linda University.







Thomas Zindrick, JD
Tom Zindrick, an experienced life sciences and biotechnology executive with a career spanning more than 20 years, joined Genelux Corporation as President and CEO in May 2014. Mr. Zindrick retired from Amgen Inc in 2009 after a distinguished 16 year career, and has since served as CEO of Amitech Therapeutic Solutions, Inc., a La Jolla, California based discovery and drug development company focused on commercializing allosteric kinase inhibitors, as well independent consultant to Genelux Corporation.
 
During his career at Amgen, he held positions of increasing responsibility, including Vice President, Associate General Counsel, and Chief Compliance Officer. As Vice President, Associate General Counsel, Mr. Zindrick led intellectual property, licensing and regulatory law teams, and served on cross-functional business and product development teams. These teams were responsible for acquisitions totaling over twenty billion dollars and the licensing and development of six therapeutic products and numerous clinical candidates. As Chief Compliance Officer, he reported to the Board of Directors and led the Corporate Compliance Program, which oversaw the compliance activities of numerous company functions including product development, manufacturing and marketing. Prior to joining Amgen, Mr. Zindrick was an attorney at The Dow Chemical Company. 
 
Mr. Zindrick received his J.D. from the University of Illinois College of Law and a BA in Biology from North Central College in Naperville, Illinois.








Billy J. Parrott
Billy Parrott’s long and illustrious career in advertising, marketing, writing and directing began as a mail boy at McCann Erickson Advertising. In less than 6 years he ultimately rose to Creative Supervisor at Benton & Bowles, responsible for the creative output of over 25% the firm’s billings and winning every copy-writing award in advertising on premier advertising accounts as Crest Toothpaste, Scope Mouth Wash, Hilton Hotels, Oreo, Premium Saltine Crackers, Ritz Crackers, Chips Ahoy, Nestea, Vanquish Headache Remedy and Coca Cola.

His marketing career included consulting for TIME magazine, where Mr. Parrott developed the innovative, groundbreaking and high revenue generating “magazine within the magazine” concept that is still a highly effective marketing tool for the print media.  He was also a marketing consultant to AT&T, Roche Pharmaceuticals, Sharp Electronics, JVC, Becton Dichinson, Mead Johnson and others. 

Mr. Parrott was CEO & Co-founder of Private Networks, Inc., a pioneer in the wireless telecommunication industry. He a founder of American Mobile Satellite Company (renamed Motient, then later TerreStar), where he served over 10 years on the Board of Directors, including the Executive, Audit and Compensation Committees, and as a Member of the Executive Committee when it approved the formation and funding of XM Satellite Radio and MSV Ventures. 

Over the years Billy Parrott has earned distinction as an award winning movie producer, director and writer, having formed the film production company, Parrott and People. He received the Peabody Award for directing THE BOY KING, a television movie depicting the childhood life of Dr. Martin Luther King, starring Oscar Nominee, Howard Rollins. He Directed and wrote FROM KING TO CONGRESS, an award winning, National television documentary on Andy Young’s successful bid for Congress which premiered at the Kennedy Center , and numerous other documentaries and videos.
 
Mr. Parrott enlisted in the United States Air Force serving four years prior to entering and graduating from Oregon State University with BS in Business Administration. He attended Oregon State on a football scholarship under legendary Hall of Fame Coach, Tommy Prothro. He still serves several boards including the American Youth Hostel. 







Peter Kroll, MD
Dr. Peter Kroll, MD is Board Certified in Anesthesiology since 2003 and Board Certified in Pain Management since 2005. He is a founder, owner, and medical director of Nashville Tennessee-based Comprehensive Pain Specialists, the largest Pain Practice in the southeast with 40 multistate locations and over 500 employees. Specializing in the field of Pain Management, Dr. Kroll creates treatment and management plans for patients suffering from chronic pain resulting from a wide range of disorders, diseases, and complications. Throughout his time as a practicing physician, he has directed over 30 clinical trials as a principal and sub investigator, and authored multiple publications.


Dr. Kroll graduated from Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 1997 in the top 10% of his class with academic recognition admission into the Alpha Omega Alpha Society , and through 2001 completed his Surgical Internship, 6 months of Orthopedic residency and 3 years of Anesthesiology residency at Loma Linda University Medical Center. He then completed his Interventional Pain Fellowship at Wake Forest University Baptist Hospital in 2002. In 1993, Dr. Kroll graduated summa cum laude from Southern Adventist University (Collegedale, TN) with a BA in Religion and a Minor in Chemistry.








Albert Röder, PhD
Dr. Albert Röder joined Genelux Corporation in 2004 after retiring from Roche Applied Science as Head of Global R&D and Marketing Support. In February of that year, he was elected to the Board of Directors of Genelux Corporation. His distinguished 33-year career in the pharmaceutical and diagnostics industries included several operative and leadership positions in research and development, manufacturing, marketing, strategy and business development within international cross-functional teams. Before joining Roche, Dr. Röder worked for Boehringer Mannheim, where he rose to Head of Research in Enzymology, Proteinchemistry and Chemistry, then to Head of the Global Product Supply Unit of its Business Unit, Biochemicals. He holds a PhD in organic chemistry from the University of Tübingen in Germany.







Byron Georgiou
Byron Georgiou has had a long career in the private and public sector in business, law and government service. From 2009 to 2011 he served as one of ten bipartisan nationwide members on the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, which conducted America’s official inquiry into the causes of the continuing financial, economic and housing crises, and reported its results to the President and Congress.  (http://fcic.law.stanford.edu).

Byron currently oversees Georgiou Enterprises, with wide-ranging interests, including as Chair, President, CEO and controlling shareholder of Xtreme Green Electric Vehicles, Inc. (www.xgev.com), manufacturer of lithium- ion, iron-phosphate battery powered all-electric niche vehicles distributed worldwide; lead investor and sole non-founder, independent director from 2010 to 2016 of Health Fusion (www.healthfusion.com), providing practice management and cloud-based healthcare information technology to U.S. healthcare providers, which was sold in 2016 for up to $190 Million to Quality Systems Inc. (QSII-NASDAQ); co-founder in 2005 of and continuing advisor to Corinthian Capital Group (www.corinthiancap.com), a New York and Boston based middle market private equity fund; director since 2014 of Genelux, a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that has developed a proprietary oncolytic virus based technology platform and deep pipeline of products, www.Genelux.com; director since 2016 of NIPD Genetics, a biotechnology company active in the field of designing, developing, and manufacturing non-invasive genetics tests, www.NIPD.com; former director of Group Aero (www.groupaero.com), which provided advanced engineering, design and manufacturing services to the space, commercial aerospace and defense markets; former director of Mortgage Resolution Partners, a community advisory firm that assisted local governments in addressing the underwater mortgage crisis in America; and over 30 year director and 1985 co-founder with Jack Ford, son of President Gerald Ford, of InfoplaceUSA (www.infoplaceusa.com), providing customer services at regional shopping centers nationwide.

Byron has served since 2005 on the advisory board of the Harvard Law School Program on Corporate Governance (www.law.harvard.edu/programs/corp_gov), which hosts the world’s leading blog on corporate governance and financial regulation.  From 2000 to 2011, he was Of Counsel to Robbins, Geller, Rudman & Dowd (www.rgrdlaw.com), and its predecessor law firms, the world’s largest plaintiffs’ securities practice, investigating and civilly prosecuting financial fraud, with leadership roles in the historic litigations on behalf of victimized institutional investors at Enron, WorldCom, Dynegy, AOL/TimeWarner and UnitedHealth.

In 1994, Byron co-founded American Partners Capital Group with Dale Hanson, then CEO of the California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS), the nation’s largest pension fund, to meet the needs of institutional investors and investment managers with capital formation in a variety of alternative asset categories.

During the second of Jerry Brown’s four terms as California Governor, Byron served as Legal Affairs Secretary, responsible for litigation by and against the Governor, judicial appointments, liaison with the Attorney General, Judiciary and State Bar, legal advice to the Governor and members of his Cabinet, and exercise of the Governor’s powers of extradition and clemency.

Byron attended Stanford University on a full Alfred P. Sloan academic scholarship, graduating with Great Distinction with an A.B. in Political Science, as a participant in the Honors Program in Social Thought and Institutions, and received his J.D. Magna Cum Laude from Harvard Law School.









 









ABOUTBOARD OF DIRECTORS
MANAGEMENT TEAM
ADVISORY BOARDS

LEADERSHIPONCOLYTIC VIROTHERAPY
PUBLICATIONS
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

TECHNOLOGYATTACKING CANCER
IMAGING
THERAPIES
GL-ONC1
V-VET1
PIPELINE

CLINICAL TRIALSABOUT CLINICAL TRIALS
CLINICAL TRIALS OPERATIONS

CONTACTCAREERS



	
    Copyright © 2014 Genelux |  Disclaimer

    Website by BlausenMedia







