










 













 






TYSON v. L'EGGS PRODUCTS, | 351 S.E.2d 834 (1987) | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
S.E.2d
351 S.E.2d
351 S.E.2d 834 (1987)



					 
				




								TYSON v. L'EGGS PRODUCTS, INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 8620SC268.
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




351 S.E.2d 834 (1987)
84 N.C. App. 1


Virginia TYSON and Rose Bennett
v.
L'EGGS PRODUCTS, INC., Edna M. Goodwin, Raymel Collins, Essie Knight, Mary Landon, Bettie Marks, Margaret Rogers, Joyce Henry, Patsy Mitchum, Debbie King, Ida McNeill, Wilma Bailey, Nan Davis, Nancy Arnette, Sandra Stewart.


Court of Appeals of North Carolina.
January 20, 1987.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Patrice Solberg, Chapel Hill, for plaintiffs-appellants.
Parker, Poe, Thompson, Bernstein, Gage & Preston by Max E. Justice and William L. Brown, Charlotte, for individual defendants-appellees.
Charles Y. Lackey, Winston-Salem, and Constangy, Brooks and Smith by Edward Katz and Terry Price, Atlanta, Ga., for corporate defendant-appellee.





BECTON, Judge.
I
This is a civil action for damages brought by Virginia Tyson and Rose Bennett against their employer, L'eggs Products, Inc. (the corporate defendant) and fourteen fellow employees (the individual defendants), based upon an allegedly defamatory letter. Sara Lee Corporation, of which L'eggs Products is a division, by special appearance moved to dismiss the suit as to the corporate defendant under Rule 12(b) for lack of jurisdiction, insufficiency of process and of service of process, and failure to state a claim for which relief could be granted, upon the grounds that L'eggs Products is not a legal entity capable of being sued in North Carolina. The individual defendants, in their Answer, moved to dismiss the action pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim. The trial judge, after considering the pleadings, attached exhibits, affidavits related to jurisdiction and service of process, briefs and memoranda of all parties and the arguments of counsel, found that the defendants were entitled to judgment as a matter of law and granted the motions of all the defendants. Plaintiffs appeal. We affirm.
II
We first consider the position of the corporate defendant in this action. The sole issue raised in the parties' brief is whether the corporate defendant's motion to dismiss was properly granted on the grounds that it is not a legal entity capable of being sued in North Carolina.
A
These are the relevant facts. On 27 July 1981, Consolidated Foods Corporation, a Maryland corporation, registered its assumption of the assumed name "L'eggs Products, Inc." with the Register of Deeds of Richmond County, North Carolina. On 2 April 1985, Consolidated Foods changed its name to Sara Lee Corporation (Sara Lee), and retained the assumed name "L'eggs Products, Inc." for its L'eggs Products Division. An Amendment to Assumed Name registration reflecting these changes was executed on 3 April 1985 but was not filed with the Richmond County Register of Deeds until 5 July 1985.
 The letter upon which this action is based was allegedly publicized in early June 1984. On 6 June 1985, plaintiffs filed the Complaint, and their summons was issued. In addition to the fourteen individual defendants, the captions of the complaint and summons named as corporate defendant, "L'eggs Products, Inc." The summons was directed to "L'eggs Products, Inc. c/o Registered Agent Proctor-Wayne Leggett, Route 2, Box 340, Fairmont, North Carolina 28340."
Proctor-Wayne Leggett is the registered agent for a corporation named "Leggs, Inc." which is a for-profit North Carolina corporation located in Fairmont, North Carolina and which is in no way related to Sara Lee or its L'eggs Products Division. The registered agent for Sara Lee (formerly Consolidated Foods) in North Carolina is and was C.T. Corporation System, Wachovia Bank Building, 100 South Corcoran Street, Durham, North Carolina.
In the Complaint the plaintiffs alleged: "Upon information and belief Defendant L'eggs Products, Inc. is a for-profit corporation organized under the laws of the State of North Carolina with its principal place of business at Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and owns a place of business in Richmond County, North Carolina, where it manufactures products for sale throughout North Carolina."
On 5 July 1985, Sara Lee, by special appearance and through counsel, served its motion to dismiss the defendant L'eggs Products, Inc. under Rules 12(b)(2), (4), (5), and (6) on account of lack of jurisdiction, insufficient process and service of process, and failure to state a claim for which relief can be granted. Thereafter, on 15 July 1985, the Amendment to Assumed Name Registration which was executed earlier in April of 1985 was filed with the Richmond County Register of Deeds.
On 14 August 1985, an Alias and Pluries Summons was issued, and directed to be served on "L'eggs Products, Inc., c/o Bill Flinchum, Post Office Box 2495, Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27102." William F. Flinchum is Sara Lee Corporation's Vice-President of Manufacturing in its L'eggs Products Division. The record contains the registry receipt, showing actual receipt of the complaint and summons by the defendant. On 23 September 1985, Sara Lee Corporation renewed its motion to dismiss the corporate defendant.
B
1. First, defendant's counsel contends that plaintiffs actually sued Leggs, Inc., the wrong corporation. As a result, their claim would be barred by the statute of limitations by the time the alias and pluries summons issued, even assuming the second summons cured the error by substituting the correct party. In support of its contentions, the defendant points to (1) the direction of the summons to defendant "c/o Registered Agent, Proctor-Wayne Leggett," and (2) the allegation in the complaint that the defendant "is a for profit corporation organized under the laws of the State of North Carolina." Because Proctor-Wayne Leggett is the registered agent for a for-profit North Carolina corporation called Leggs, Inc., defendant concludes that plaintiffs intended for the trial court to exert jurisdiction over Leggs, Inc. We disagree.
In Wiles v. Welparnel Construction Co., 295 N.C. 81, 243 S.E.2d 756 (1978), the court held that a summons directed to the registered agent of a corporation is not defective if the captions of the summons and complaint clearly indicate that the corporation and not the agent, is the intended defendant. In the case sub judice, the captions of the complaint and summons plainly named as defendant "L'eggs Products, Inc.," not "Leggs, Inc." Moreover, unlike the summons in Wiles which was addressed directly to the agent, this summons was directed to the corporate defendant in care of the agent. Therefore, Rule 4(b) of the Rules of Civil Procedure, which requires that a summons "be directed to the defendant," has been satisfied.
Furthermore, the erroneous description in the Complaint of defendant as a North Carolina corporation, rather than a Maryland  corporation, is not sufficient grounds to find that Leggs, Inc. was the intended defendant. This is especially true since the same paragraph of the Complaint describes the defendant as having its principle place of business in Winston-Salem and as operating a place of business in Richmond County, both allegations which are true of L'eggs Products, Inc. but not of Leggs, Inc.
We conclude that plaintiffs did not sue the wrong corporation but merely sought service on the wrong agent. The function of an alias and pluries summons is to keep a lawsuit alive and maintain the original date of the commencement of the action when the original summons has not been properly served upon the original defendant named therein. See Roshelli v. Sperry, 63 N.C. App. 509, 305 S.E.2d 218, rev. denied, 309 N.C. 633, 308 S.E.2d 716 (1983). Thus plaintiffs' suit was properly instituted against L'eggs Products, Inc. within the statute of limitations period and was kept alive by the alias and pluries summons until service was properly made upon a corporate officer.
2. The corporate defendant's second position is that because L'eggs Products, Inc. is only a division of Sara Lee without separate corporate status, plaintiffs' action is directed against a legal nonentity which is incapable of being sued. Defendant further asserts that the failure of the Complaint and summons to name Sara Lee as defendant precludes the court from asserting jurisdiction over Sara Lee, and that any later attempt to do so constitutes an improper substitution of parties which is barred by the statute of limitations.
In its brief the defendant discusses a number of cases involving the relation back of amendments and the correction of misnomers which are inapposite to this case. For example, defendant cites Teague v. Asheboro Motor Co., 14 N.C. App. 736, 189 S.E.2d 671 (1972) to support its proposition that a plaintiff may not amend its summons and Complaint to substitute another party for a nonexistant corporation as defendant. In that case, the intended corporate defendant had changed its name from "Asheboro Motor Company, Inc." to "Rabb and York, Inc." and a new, unrelated corporation had assumed the company's old name. Thus, when plaintiff sued "Asheboro Motor Company, Inc." he literally sued the wrong legal entity and an amendment would have involved substituting an entirely new party after the statute of limitations had run.
In Crawford v. Aetna Casualty and Surety Co., 44 N.C. App. 368, 261 S.E.2d 25 (1979), cert. denied, 299 N.C. 329, 265 S.E.2d 394 (1980), the Complaint and summons named as defendant "Michigan Tool Company, a Division of Ex-Cell-O Corporation" and were served upon an officer of Ex-Cell-O. In fact, Michigan Tool Company was not a division of Ex-Cell-O but was a separate corporate entity which had been acquired and later dissolved by Ex-Cell-O. Accordingly, plaintiff's amendment deleting "Michigan Tool Company, a Division of" was improperly allowed because it, in effect, substituted a new defendant that had never been properly served.
Teague and Crawford are easily distinguished from the present case. In both those cases there was some attempt to substitute one legal entity for another as defendant, whereas in the case at bar we are concerned with only one legal entity which uses two names.
In Park v. Sleepy Creek Turkeys, Inc., 60 N.C. App. 545, 299 S.E.2d 670 (1983), one defendant was a sole proprietorship which operated under the assumed name, "Amchick Associates," to which the summons and Complaint were addressed. The court did not address the propriety of suing the defendant under its assumed name. Plaintiff's critical error was in serving process upon the executive manager of the business, a method of service which is proper for an unincorporated association but insufficient for a sole proprietorship. By way of contrast, in the case sub judice, service of process was properly accomplished by way of certified mail upon an officer of the corporate defendant as provided by Rule 4(j)(6) of the Rules of Civil Procedure.
 The other cases relied upon by the defendant are equally inapplicable to the present action. The true issue raised by these facts, and one for which there is no precedent in North Carolina, is whether a corporation may properly be sued in its assumed name.
"It seems to be universally recognized that a corporation may do business under an assumed name, or a name differing from its true corporate name." Annot., 56 A.L.R. 450 (1928). Moreover, there is some authority that a corporation may be sued under its assumed name or trade name. See Hutcheson Memorial Tri-County Hospital v. Oliver, 120 Ga.App. 547, 171 S.E.2d 649 (1969).
North Carolina Gen.Stat. Sec. 66-68 (1985) requires a certificate of assumed name to be filed "before a corporation engages in business in any county other than under its corporate name." The object of the statute is "to require notice to be given to the business world of the facts required to be set out in the certificate, to the end that people dealing with a firm may be fully informed as to its membership and know with whom they are trading...." Security Finance Co. v. Hendry, 189 N.C. 549, 553, 127 S.E.2d 629, 631 (1925).
At the time plaintiffs instituted this action, Sara Lee Corporation had not complied with this statute. The company was actively conducting business as "L'eggs Products, Inc." and holding itself out to the public and to its employees under that name. Admittedly, with greater effort the plaintiffs might have unearthed the true identity of "L'eggs Products, Inc." However, a search of the appropriate records would have revealed only the erroneous designation of "L'eggs Products, Inc." as an assumed name of Consolidated Foods. Furthermore, service of process was accomplished upon Sara Lee's Vice President of Manufacturing in its L'eggs Products Division, a corporate agent who might be expected to know that "L'eggs Products" is a name used by Sara Lee.
Under these circumstances, we do not believe that any substantial confusion existed concerning the identity of the intended defendant nor that the defendant was misled or prejudiced. On these facts we therefore conclude that Sara Lee Corporation was adequately served with sufficient legal process under its assumed name, "L'eggs Products, Inc." and that the trial court had jurisdiction.
The corporate defendant belabors the fact that the plaintiffs never sought leave to amend their summons and complaint after acquiring actual notice of the defendant's true legal identity. In Paramore v. Inter-Regional Financial Group Leasing Co., 68 N.C. App. 659, 662, 316 S.E.2d 90, 91 (1984), this Court reiterated the rule that when a misdescription "does not leave in doubt the identity of the party intended to be sued, or, even where there is room for doubt as to identity, if service of process is made on the party intended to be sued, the misnomer or misdescription may be corrected by amendment at any stage of the suit." (emphasis added) We are cognizant of the need for accurate naming of parties when instigating legal proceedings. However, since the plaintiffs have sued and served the appropriate party, their delay in substituting the correct name of that party is not fatal.
Having determined that the trial court had jurisdiction over the corporate defendant, we nevertheless affirm the court's dismissal of the action against it. Plaintiffs' sole allegations regarding this defendant are that the individual defendants circulated the allegedly defamatory letter at its place of business with the knowledge and permission of plant supervisors, and acted as agents of the corporate defendant in publishing the letter. Thus, any liability of the corporate defendant must be entirely derivative. For reasons discussed hereafter in Section III, we conclude that the letter in question is not defamatory and that the plaintiffs' suit against the individual defendants was properly dismissed. Consequently, dismissal of the corporate defendant was also proper.
 III
We next address the propriety of the judgment for the individual defendants. The pertinent facts are as follows.
A
Virginia Tyson and Rose Bennett wrote a letter to the editor of the Richmond County Daily Journal which was published on the editorial page on 2 May 1984. The purpose of the letter was to voice their opinions concerning a controversy over the work-related nature of employee tendonitis at the Richmond County manufacturing plant where the plaintiffs and the individual defendants are employed. The plaintiffs' letter specifically attacked an article released to the press by their employer which summarized findings of a medical study of the tendonitis issue and concluded that tendonitis was not a work-related condition. In their letter, the plaintiffs accused their employer of inaccurately quoting the findings of the study, of down-playing the recommendations made, of being irresponsible and failing to admit the truth, of denying all Worker's Compensation claims, and of ridiculing the complaints of many employees and telling them not to report their injuries. The plaintiffs further stated that "there are numerous other employees, mostly ladies, who are experiencing job-related tendonitis symptoms but who are afraid to make any complaints not only because of fear of losing their job but also because of the intimidation which will come down from management." They indicated a hope that their letter would raise "public awareness" of the issue.
On 31 May 1984 the plaintiffs also appeared on a WSOC-TV (Charlotte, North Carolina) news report to voice their opinions on the tendonitis issue.
The plaintiffs' comments raised company, if not public, awareness. On June 5 and 6, 1984 the allegedly defamatory letter was circulated among employees of the Richmond County mill and was signed by the individual defendants in addition to 23 other employees who were not made defendants in this action. This letter expressly referred to "an article in your paper from two ladies employed by L'eggs Products" which "told of terrible working conditions and of women being afraid to report injuries," and responded directly to these assertions as "a bunch of hog wash." The individual defendants expressed skepticism regarding the numbers of employees claimed to experience tendonitis symptoms, challenging them to "come out of the woodwork and speak their own minds," and caustically criticized "some people" who "want the money but don't want to work for it." The letter strongly disagreed with the plaintiffs' assertions of employee mistreatment and claimed that "the majority of the employees feel this is one of the best companies anyone could work for."
The letter signed by the individual defendants was placed in the mail on 6 July 1984 by an unspecified person, and was received by the Richmond County Daily Journal on 7 June 1984, and by WSOC-TV on 8 June 1984.
B
Rule 12(b) of the Rules of Civil Procedure provides that a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim is converted to a Rule 56 motion for summary judgment when matters outside the pleadings are presented to and not excluded by the court. Stanback v. Stanback, 297 N.C. 181, 254 S.E.2d 611 (1979). Because the record indicates that the trial judge considered matters outside the pleadings, we must review the court's decision as if it were a ruling on a motion for summary judgment.
Summary judgment is appropriate whenever there is no genuine issue of any material fact and the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. The purpose of the rule is to "eliminate the necessity of a formal trial where only questions of law are involved and a fatal weakness in the claim or defense of a party is exposed." Foster v. Winston-Salem Joint Venture, 303 N.C. 636, 642, 281 S.E.2d 36, 40 (1981).
 C
Although the pleadings and briefs of the parties raise a number of grounds upon which the trial judge's ruling might have been based, the judgment dismissing the complaint fails to state the grounds upon which dismissal was considered appropriate. The individual defendants first argue that the letter at issue is not defamatory as a matter of law. We agree and therefore find it unnecessary to address any other contentions of the parties.
In order to recover for defamation, a plaintiff must allege and prove that the defendant made false, defamatory statements of or concerning the plaintiff, which were published to a third person, causing injury to the plaintiff's reputation. Hall v. Publishing Co., 46 N.C. App. 760, 266 S.E.2d 397 (1980). Because we find that the letter signed by the defendants is not defamatory, a fatal weakness exists in the plaintiffs' claim which entitles the defendants to summary judgment.
North Carolina courts recognize three classes of libel:
(1) Publications which are obviously defamatory and which are termed libels per se; (2) publications which are susceptible of two reasonable interpretations, one of which is defamatory and the other is not, and (3) publications which are not obviously defamatory, but which become so when considered in connection with innuendo, colloquium and explanatory circumstances. This type of libel is termed libel per quod.
Flake v. Greensboro News Co., 212 N.C. 780, 785, 195 S.E. 55, 59 (1938); see also Arnold v. Sharp, 296 N.C. 533, 537, 251 S.E.2d 452, 455 (1979); Cathy's Boutique v. Winston-Salem Joint Venture, 72 N.C. App. 641, 325 S.E.2d 283 (1985).
In the present case, the complaint is insufficient to state a claim for libel within the second class because the complaint does not allege that the letter is susceptible of two meanings. See Renwick v. News and Observer Publishing Co., 310 N.C. 312, 312 S.E.2d 405 (1984); Cathy's Boutique. Therefore, we must determine whether the offending letter is capable of supporting an action for libel per se or libel per quod.
1. Libel Per Se
Plaintiffs allege in their complaint that the letter's publication "was intended to discredit plaintiffs, implying that they were liars and malingerers" and that the persons who received the letter understood it to have this meaning. In their brief they point to the following statements in the letter in support of their claim: "The two ladies who sent the letter in have always been out of work for numerous reasons ... We are not saying that there is nothing wrong with these ladies, we definitely think that there is." Plaintiffs further emphasize the defendants' response to the plaintiffs' claims of terrible working conditions and intimidation of workers: "This in our opinion is a bunch of hog wash ... We know the difference between reality and fantasy." The plaintiffs conclude that the letter when read in its entirety clearly states that they are "liars and deadbeats who expect to receive `a free giveaway program all of their lives.'" We disagree.
In Flake v. Greensboro News Co. our Supreme Court summarized the law of libel per se:
... [d]efamatory words, to be libelous per se must be susceptible of but one meaning and of such nature that the court can presume as a matter of law that they tend to disgrace and degrade the party or hold him up to public hatred, contempt or ridicule, or cause him to be shunned and avoided....
.....
The question always is how would ordinary men naturally understand the publication. (citation omitted). The fact that supersensitive persons with morbid imaginations may be able, by reading between the lines of an article, to discover some defamatory meaning therein is not sufficient to make it libelous. (citation omitted).
 In determining whether the article is libelous per se the article alone must be construed, stripped of all insinuations, innuendo, colloquium, and explanatory circumstances. The article must be defamatory on its face `within the four corners thereof.' (Citations omitted.)
Id., 212 N.C. at 786-87, 195 S.E. at 60.
Applying these principles, we conclude that the letter giving rise to this appeal is not defamatory per se. When viewed "within the four corners thereof" and stripped of all innuendo and explanatory circumstances, the letter is not of such nature that the court can presume as a matter of law that it is injurious to the reputations of the plaintiffs. On the contrary, when considered in its entirety, the letter's overall thrust is not a personal attack upon the plaintiffs but a hearty declaration of disagreement with the plaintiffs' views and an explicit expression of anger toward an unnamed "handful of employees" who "are trying to ruin a company that has been good to its employees over the years." The obvious intent of the publication is to defend the defendants' jobs and employer and to inform the reader that they, and not the plaintiffs, represent the views of the majority of employees.
2. Libel Per Quod
Although the plaintiffs maintain in their Brief that the letter is libelous per se, the Complaint alleges special damages and innuendo. Therefore, we must determine whether the letter is reasonably susceptible of the libelous construction which plaintiffs place upon it by way of innuendo so as to constitute libel per quod.
We acknowledge that whenever an allegedly defamatory publication is ambiguous or capable of a meaning other than the obvious one, it is for the jury to determine how it was understood by the recipient. However, it is the province of the court to determine in the first instance whether a communication is capable of a defamatory meaning. Bell v. Simmons, 247 N.C. 488, 495, 101 S.E.2d 383, 388 (1958). In determining whether a published article is libelous, it must be read and considered in its setting. Yancey v. Gillespie, 242 N.C. 227, 230, 87 S.E.2d 210, 212 (1955). The circumstances of the publication are pertinent, as well as the hearers' knowledge of facts which would influence their understanding of the words used. Oates v. Wachovia Bank and Trust Co., 205 N.C. 14, 17, 169 S.E. 869, 871 (1933).
The defendants' letter was signed and published in the context of an ongoing public controversy regarding the tendonitis issue. Its production was a direct response to the plaintiffs' own statements which by their nature invited response, and which were published on the editorial page of the local newspaper, a forum in which plaintiffs knew others would have an opportunity to state a contrary view. "Everyone has a right to comment on matters of public interest and concern, provided he does so fairly and with an honest purpose." Yancey v. Gillespie, 242 N.C. at 229, 87 S.E.2d at 212.
In addition, the letter by its terms indicates that it was signed in the context of a labor dispute: "The word tendonitis never came up until the union started working to get into the plant." In Bouligny, Inc. v. Steelworkers, the Supreme Court stated:
Mere vituperation and name calling directed by a union against an employer, or vice versa, in the course of a labor dispute or organization campaign, are not sufficient basis for a recovery of damages for slander or libel. Even when the plaintiff is an individual, some thickness of skin is required of him by the law in the realm of labor disputes, just as in battles in the political arena.
270 N.C. 160, 173, 154 S.E.2d 344, 356 (1967).
We acknowledge that the opinions of the individual defendants are expressed in a robust manner and with some anger or hostility toward the plaintiffs. However, the plaintiffs having publicly expressed their own strong feelings on a controversial issue of public interest, must have some "thickness of skin" when the response  is less than favorable. We believe the words used do not go beyond the bounds of proper debate, and that the letter read as a whole and considered in its setting is not reasonably susceptible of the defamatory meaning alleged by the plaintiffs.
IV
Concluding as we do that the letter complained of by the plaintiffs is not defamatory as a matter of law, we hold that summary judgment in favor of both the individual and corporate defendants was proper.
Affirmed.
MARTIN, J., concurs.
PHILLIPS, J., concurs in the result.







Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us














Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            























Tyson | Home













































Products



Recipes



How To



Our Story












|


                            Where to Buy
                        

|


                            Contact Us
                        






 Facebook




 Twitter




 Instagram




 Pinterest












No Antibiotics Ever

We are excited to announce that we are going no antibiotics ever.


Learn More




 
New Any'tizers® Chicken Twists

See More




        Your questions, answered by our people

    
Watch Now




Southwest Chicken Salad

One of our many quick and easy Grilled & Ready® chicken recipes.


See Recipe




Love Tyson® Products?

Write a review & tell us why!


Write a Review
















Our Products





                                    Grilled & Ready® Chicken
                                



                                    Any'tizers® Snacks
                                



                                    Nuggets, Crispy Strips, Etc.
                                



                                    Fresh Chicken
                                



                                    Frozen Chicken
                                



                                    More Tyson Products
                                









Recipe Search







{{result.Name}}









Where To Buy


Find Us                    








Our Story


About Us                    







How To





Selecting


How To                    








Preparing


How To                    








Cooking


How To                    








Measuring Temperature


How To                    








Cleaning Up


How To                    








Storing


How To                    

















TYSON, CHARLES E - Location, Description & Reviews










































































































 

Signup Today... Click Here









TYSON, CHARLES E 







Street Address
Phone
Website
Community Rating & Industry




1 TYSON, CHARLES E


337 WATKINS STASHEBORO, NC 27203 CHARLES TYSON
 336-625-0710
Add Your Website






 1 
											        0


									CLERGY




BUSINESS DESCRIPTION: TYSON, CHARLES E IS LOCATED AT 337 WATKINS ST IN ASHEBORO, NC 27203 (RANDOLPH COUNTY). THEY ARE ESTIMATED TO HAVE 1 TO 4 EMPLOYEES AND THEIR PRIMARY BUSINESS DESCRIPTION FALLS UNDER CLERGY. CLAIM FREE LISTING










									Tweet
									




 NEARBY RESTAURANTS: 1. CHICK-FIL-A, 2. AMERICA'S ROADHOUSE EXPRESS, 3. EL CAZADOR TAQUERIA, 4. QUESADILLA HOUSE, 5. PAW-PAW'S PLACE, 6. MAYFLOWER SEAFOOD RESTAURANT, 7. P & J'S DINER, 8. T J'S EXPRESS, 9. GOLDEN GARDEN, 10. EL CORRAL MEXICAN RSTRNT BAR, 11. BISCUITVILLE, 12. MC DONALD'S, 13. TAQUERIA TEQUILA MEXICO
  LODGING: 1. DAYS INN, 2. VALUE INN, 3. QUALITY INN, 4. FAIRFIELD INN, 5. HAMPTON INN, 6. HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS
  FUEL: 1. LOW PRICE MART, 2. 786 MART, 3. 786 MART INC, 4. READY MART, 5. MIDTOWN PACKAGE STORE, 6. VISION MINI-MART, 7. SHORT STOP FOOD MART, 8. C STORE, 9. SHEETZ
  EMERGENCY SERVICES: 1. ASHEBORO POLICE DEPT, 2. ASHEBORO POLICE DEPT-TRAINING, 3. POLICE DEPT-CAPTAIN'S OFFICE, 4. POLICE DEPT-DETECTIVE OFFICE, 5. BENNETT FIRE DEPT, 6. ASHEBORO FIRE CHIEF, 7. FIRE DEPARTMENT-ASHEBORO
 RECENTLY REVIEWED BUSINESSES: 1. ARGO/LRS JV, 2. ARMANTROUT, CHUCK, 3. ELEMENTS OF LIFE, 4. COPIER LOGISTICS SPECIALIST, 5. NICELY, MARISA, 6. P A ELDER LAW, 7. BRUCE BANKS ENTERTAINMENT, 8. HONORABLE CAROLYN BERGER, 9. HONORABLE FRED S SILVERMAN, 10. COOPER, STEPHEN R, 11. EL NOPAL RESTAURANT, 12. JDK TRUCKING LLC, 13. HOT PEPPER TECHNOLOGIES, 14. CLEARFIELD, RONALD J MD, 15. SCHIFF, CARL F MD
  RECENTLY ADDED BUSINESSES: 1. THE HUDSON, 2. METAL GARAGE DOOR REPAIR, 3. BADER LAW FIRM, LLC, 4. DECOR BLINDS AND SHADES, 5. BENSON DENTAL, 6. NEWPORT HOME CARE, 7. TALMICH PLUMBING & HEATING, 8. PREMIER CHRYSLER DODGE JEEP RAM OF TRACY, 9. ALDERWOOD LANDSCAPING, 10. THE BETZ LAW FIRM









Business Search (Please enter a company name, or phone number, or contact name).


Company Name*



City



State

Optional
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Phone Number*






Or Search by contact name

First Name*



Last Name*









 



 
 

Tweet









  
    
 
 


Browse Business Listings:    A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z





U.S. InfoSearch © 2015 Terms of Use/Privacy









Charles E. Tyson - Former Executive Vice President-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Charles E. Tyson
Former Executive Vice President-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Charles E. Tyson
Former Executive Vice President-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.



 Overview



Age



55
                                  (Born 1962)
                                              




Notable Companies


Diversitech Group




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 715 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
July 10, 2015





                        Advance Auto Parts appoints vice president of inventory                    





Orlando Sentinel (Florida)
June 22, 2015





                        INSIDER TRADING                    





Orlando Sentinel (Florida)
March 9, 2015





                        Insider Trading                    





Triangle Business Journal (North Carolina)
March 2, 2015





                        Advance Auto boosting its executive suite in Raleigh with new hire from GE                    





Business Wire
March 2, 2015





                        Advance Auto Parts Appoints Todd Greener Senior Vice President, Supply Chain                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Ricardo S. Coro

Former Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President, Information Technology at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.




Brian Dan

Vice President, Contract & Real Estate Counsel at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.





James T. Durkin

Former Division President-Northern Division at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.




Matt Broad

Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Corporate Secretary at Darden Restaurants, Inc.





Jill Livesay

Vice President, Controller & Principal Accounting Officer at CarMax, Inc.




Robert Cushing

Executive Vice President, Professional at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.





Kevin Quinn

Treasurer, Vice President & Investor Relations Con at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.




Sarah E. Powell

Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at FOCUS Brands, Inc.





Kurt Schumacher

Senior Vice President-Field Integration at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.




William Harrison Carter

Senior Vice President, Commercial & Operations Support at Advance Auto Parts, Inc.







See 705 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 705 More 


 


 Paths to Charles E. Tyson



            Charles E. Tyson          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Charles E. Tyson






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Charles E. Tyson.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Undergraduate Degree 


Edinburgh University/London Guildhall







 Career History



Executive Vice President-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain

                                    2008 - 2017                


Advance Auto Parts, Inc.


                  Advance Auto Parts, Inc. operates as a retailer of automotive aftermarket parts, accessories, batteries and maintenance items. Its stores carry an extensive product line for cars, vans; sport utility vehicles and light trucks. The company was founded by Arthur Taubman in 1929 and is headquartered in Roanoke, VA.                




Senior Vice President, Merchandising & Technology

                                    2005 - 2008                


OfficeMax North America, Inc.


                  OfficeMax, Inc. engages in the distribution of both business-to-business and retail office products. It operates through the following segments: Contract and Retail. The company was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in Naperville, IL.                




President

                                    2001 - 2005                


Diversitech Group






Senior Vice President, Merchandising & World Wide Global Sourcing

                                    1997 - 2001                


Office Depot, Inc.


                  Office Depot, Inc. engages in the provision of office products and services. It operates through the North American Retail and North American Business Solutions segments. The North American Retail segment includes retail stores that offer office supplies, technology products and solutions, business machines and related supplies, facilities products, and office furniture. The North American Business Solutions segment provides copy and print services, such as printing, digital imaging, reproduction, mailing, shipping through UPS, FedEx, and the U.S. Postal Service, and other services. The company was founded by Stephen Dougherty and Jack Kopkin in March 1986 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, FL.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Macy's, Inc.


                  Macy’s, Inc., with corporate offices in Cincinnati and New York, is one of the nation’s premier retailers, with fiscal 2011 sales of $26.4 billion. The Macy’s brand operates about 800 Macy’s department stores and furniture galleries in 45 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico, as well as macys.com. The Bloomingdale’s brand includes 37 department stores and home stores in 11 states, bloomingdales.com, seven Bloomingdale’s Outlet stores in five states, and a licensed store in Dubai. Macy’s, Inc.’s diverse workforce includes approximately 171,000 employees. Prior to June 1, 2007, Macy’s, Inc. was known as Federated Department Stores, Inc. The company’s shares are traded under the symbol “M” on the New York Stock Exchange.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


The Caldor Corp.


                  Caldor Corp. operates a leading upscale discount retail chain offering a diverse line of branded and private-label merchandise, including hardline products such as housewares, electronics, furniture and toys and softline products, apparel, shoes, jewelry, cosmetics and domestics. The company operated 145 stores in nine East Coast and Mid-Atlantic states, including the key markets of Connecticut, New York City, Long Island, Westchester County, the Hudson River Valley of New York State, northern New Jersey and the greater Boston, Philadelphia and Baltimore areas. Its stores are located primarily in urban and suburban areas with high population densities.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Charles E. Tyson is affiliated with
                            Advance Auto Parts, Inc., OfficeMax North America, Inc., Diversitech Group, Office Depot, Inc., Macy's, Inc., The Caldor Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Products - Tyson Food Service














































Locate My Sales Rep.
Sign In

or

Register






Our Brands


Recipes


Sustainability


Media




Video Room


Press Room








Trends














Search




ProductsRecipes










Product Categories

|Dietary Needs

|Channels


College and University


Convenience


Healthcare


Restaurant


Schools K-12



|Offers



























CANCEL








Home  /  Products
















Please enter a search term



All Items
Bacon
- Bacon Products
Bakery
- Bakery Products
Breakfast Meats
- Breakfast Meats Products
Chicken
- Bone In Chicken
- Bone In and Boneless Wings
- Bite Sized Handheld
- Tenderloins Tenders and Strips
- Filets and Patties
- Ingredient Chicken
- Tyson Red Label Products
Desserts
- Dessert Products
Ham
- Ham Products
Handheld
- Handheld Products
Hot Dogs
- Hot Dog Products
Italian Products
- Italian Products
Mexican Original
- Mexican Original Products
Sausage
- Sausage Products
Sliced Meats
- Sliced Meats Products
Specialty Products
- Specialty Products
Turkey
- Turkey Products
Value Added Beef
- Value Added Beef Products
Value Added Pork
- Value Added Pork Products


Dietary Needs
- Low Sodium
- Reduced Sodium
- Calorie Smart
- 0 Trans Fat
- No MSG
- Gluten Free
- All Natural














                                        Bacon
                                    







Bacon Products


Bacon Products Category Overview


Raw Bacon


Fully Cooked Bacon


Bacon Bits







                                        Bakery
                                    







                                            Bakery Products


Bakery Products Category Overview


Breads


Breakfast Bakery


Individually Wrapped


Crepes and Blintzes


Doughs and Crusts







                                        Breakfast Meats
                                    







                                            Breakfast Meats Products


Breakfast Meats Products Category Overview


Breakfast Sausage Links


Breakfast Sausage Patties


Bulk, Crumbles and Gravy











                                        Chicken
                                    







                                            Bone-In Chicken


Bone-In Chicken Category Overview


Uncooked Unbreaded Frozen Whole Chickens (WOGS)


Uncooked Unbreaded Cornish Hens


Uncooked Unbreaded IF Chicken


Fully Cooked Unbreaded Fast Finish® Chicken


Fully Cooked Unbreaded Oven Roasted Chicken


Fully Cooked Unbreaded Drumsticks and Sluggers® Drumsticks


Uncooked Marinated Raw Breaded (MRB) Chicken


Fully Cooked Fried Chicken





                                            Bone-In & Boneless Wings


Bone-In & Boneless Wings Category Overview


Fully Cooked Unbreaded Glazed Bone-In Wings


BONICI® Fully Cooked Unbreaded Bone-In Wings


Signature Ready™ Fully Cooked Unbreaded Bone-In Wings


Uncooked Breaded Bone-In Wings


Fully Cooked Breaded Bone-in Wings


Uncooked Unbreaded Boneless Wings


Uncooked & Fully Cooked Breaded Boneless Wings


BONICI® Fully Cooked Breaded Boneless Wings





                                            Bite-Sized Handheld Chicken


Bite-Sized Handheld Chicken Category Overview


Chicken Bites Handheld Chicken


Breaded Chicken Nuggets


Breaded Specialty Shaped Handheld Chicken





                                            Tenderloins, Tenders & Strips


Tenderloins, Tenders & Strips Category Overview


Uncooked Tyson True™  Premium Tenderloins


Uncooked Tyson® Tenderloins


Uncooked Tyson® Tenders and Strips


Fully Cooked Tyson® Tenderloins


Fully Cooked Tyson® Tenders


Fully Cooked, Unbreaded Tyson® Tenders





                                            Chicken Filets & Patties


Chicken Filets & Patties Category Overview


Uncooked Unbreaded IF Boneless Skinless Breast Filets


Uncooked Unbreaded Premium Pressed Breast Filets


Uncooked Unbreaded Airline Breast Halves


Uncooked Unbreaded Thigh Filets


Fully Cooked Unbreaded Filets & Patties


Fully Cooked Unbreaded Chicken Sausage Patties


Uncooked Breaded Filets & Patties


Fully Cooked Breaded Filets & Patties





                                            Ingredient Chicken


Ingredient Chicken Category Overview


Fully Cooked Chicken Crumbles


Uncooked Boneless Skinless Ingredient Chicken Strips & Pieces


Fully Cooked Boneless Skinless Ingredient Chicken Strips


Fully Cooked Diced Ingredient Chicken


Fully Cooked Pulled Ingredient Chicken


Uncooked Battered Ingredient Chicken Pieces





                                            Tyson® Red Label™ Products


Tyson® Red Label™ Products Category Overview


Tyson® Red Label™ Filets and Patties


Tyson® Red Label™ Ingredient Chicken


Tyson® Red Label™ Boneless Wings


Tyson® Red Label™ Handheld Nuggets


Tyson® Red Label™ Tenders







                                        Desserts
                                    







                                            Dessert Products


Dessert Products Category Overview


Brownies and Bars


Cakes


Cobblers and Dumplings


Pies


Individually Wrapped Desserts


Individual Desserts







                                        Ham
                                    







Ham Products


Ham Products Category Overview


Carving Ham


Slicing Ham


Diced, Patties and Steaks











                                        Handheld
                                    







                                            Handheld Products


Handheld Products Category Overview


Breakfast Sandwiches


Breakfast Sticks


Lunch Sandwiches


State Fair® Mini Corn Dogs


Corn Dogs


Crispitos Filled Tortillas


Bosco Sticks







                                        Hot Dogs
                                    







                                            Hot Dog Products


Hot Dog Products Category Overview


Beef Hot Dogs


Pork and Beef Hot Dogs


Pork, Water and Beef Hot Dogs


Beef, Pork and Turkey Hot Dogs


Turkey Hot Dogs







                                        Italian Products
                                    







                                            Italian Products


Italian Products Category Overview


Meatballs


Pepperoni


Toppings


Doughs & Crusts


Salame







Mexican Original® Products
                                    







Mexican Original® Brand Products


Mexican Original® Brand Products Category Overview


Mexican Original® Tortillas


Mexican Original® Chips, Strips & Shells


Mexican Original® Shelf Stable Products


Mexican Original® Suprema Flatbreads







                                        Sausage
                                    







                                            Sausage Products


Sausage Products Category Overview


Natural Casing


Skinless











                                        Sliced Meats
                                    







                                            Sliced Meats Products


Sliced Meats Products Category Overview


Beef Sliced Meats


Chicken Sliced Meats


Ham Sliced Meats


Turkey Sliced Meats







                                        Specialty Products
                                    







                                            Specialty Products


Specialty Products Category Overview


Lady Aster® Omelets, Crepes & Blintzes


Lady Aster® Rolled & Stuffed Entrees


Tyson® Crispitos® Filled Tortillas


Authentically Crafted Exceptional Meats Category Overview


Kettle Collection® Sides


Kettle Collection® Sauces & Dips







                                        Turkey
                                    







                                            Turkey Products


Turkey Products Category Overview


Carving Turkey


Slicing Turkey


Specialty Turkey







                                        Value Added Beef
                                    







                                            Value Added Beef Products


Value Added Beef Products Category Overview


Roast Beef


Pot Roast


Ribeye


Pastrami


Steaks


Taco Filling



Fully Cooked Flame Grilled Burgers and Patties



Shaved and Shredded Beef


Whole and Sliced Brisket







                                        Value Added Pork
                                    







                                            Value Added Pork Products


Value Added Pork Products Category Overview


FC and RTC Pork Roasts


Bone In and Boneless Pork Chops


Diced, Ground and Pulled Pork
























Product Categories

Dietary Needs

Channels


College and University


Convenience


Healthcare


Restaurant


Schools K-12



Offers





Our Brands


Recipes


Sustainability


Media




Video Room


Press Room








Trends












Charles E Tyson Rev                                                                                                      - Asheboro                                          , NC         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



Asheboro



Miscellaneous Apparel and Accessory Stores



Retail - Clergy Vestments



                            Charles E Tyson Rev
                                    



 





















C 


Charles E Tyson Rev                                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



337 WATKINS ST ASHEBORO, NC 27203
Get Directions



(336) 625-0710
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $51,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Retail - Clergy Vestments
 Contacts Charles Tyson                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007 the company has been providing Retail - Clergy Vestments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


























Charles E Tyson | Century GA | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Charles E Tyson?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Charles E Tyson
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






C







Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Charles E Tyson, update license info here.




Century, GA









Charles E Tyson




this is my business



Contact us






Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Charles E Tyson, update license info here.




WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


 Best General Contractors in Century 

 



Updated: Apr 27, 2017





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 0 does not rank in the top 50% of Georgia contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Charles E Tyson, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Charles E Tyson Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: 150 Springdale Drive, Century, GA 31763 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









450 20th Street Se, Dawson, GA 39842


Commercial Design Build Inc




License # GCCO001309


Dawson, GA







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














15 Williamsburg Ave, Irwinville, GA 31760


Weckwert Commercial Inc




License # RLCO000371


Irwinville, GA







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














188 Berkeley Road, Albany, GA 31721
(404) 975-2734 ext. 25619


Newell Construction




License # GCCO003871


Albany, GA







92

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects













Charles E Tyson Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Charles E Tyson. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Charles E Tyson










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Charles E Tyson,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





0


Charles E Tyson








90


Commercial Design Build Inc







90


Weckwert Commercial Inc







92


Newell Construction






Request a Quote







License info














Inactive License


License #RBI002719StatusInactiveStateGeorgiaTypeResidential/General Contractor


According to the Georgia Department of Professional Licensing, the status of this license was at one point cancelled. However, this information may have changed. If this is your business, please update your license status.Check this license's status for Charles E Tyson at the Georgia Department of Professional Licensing.












ALERT*




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works*No active license on file. If you are Charles E Tyson, update license info here.








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Georgia:













Does Charles E Tyson carry a valid contracting license?



As of July 1, 2008 a majority of contractors performing residential or general contracting work over $2500 must have a professional license issued by the Georgia Secretary of State.
Charles E Tyson currently holds license RBI002719 (Residential/General Contractor), which was Inactive when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Georgia?



A licensed contractor in Georgia must have 2 years of experience, and pass a Georgia business and law exam. A contractor is required to take 3 hours of continuing education each year to maintain a license.











Your liability risk when hiring Charles E Tyson



Georgia state law requires licensed contractors to carry general liability as well as workers' compensation insurance.











Financial recourse when hiring Charles E Tyson



Georgia does not require contractors to obtain a surety bond. Consumers can file a complaint with the Georgia Governor's office of consumer protection.











What else should I know before hiring Charles E Tyson



Licensed contractors in Georgia are required to pass a criminal background check.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Georgia, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner. Choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Charles E Tyson
We will attempt to deliver your message to Charles E Tyson. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.

















































































Tyson | Our Products













































Products



Recipes



How To



Our Story












|


                            Where to Buy
                        

|


                            Contact Us
                        






 Facebook




 Twitter




 Instagram




 Pinterest













Our Products

                    Fresh, frozen, or fast and ready-to-eat, we've got what you're hungry for.
                



Categories





                                    Grilled & Ready® Chicken
                                



                                    Any'tizers® Snacks
                                



                                    Nuggets, Crispy Strips, Etc.
                                



                                    Fresh Chicken
                                



                                    Frozen Chicken
                                



                                    More Tyson Products
                                








Fresh Chicken


See more                    








Nuggets, Crispy Strips, Etc.


See more                    










A Tradition of Quality


We’ve always taken pride in bringing quality food to real people. Whether it’s fresh or frozen chicken for a homecooked meal, or prepared chicken for a quick bite, we’re dedicated to using the highest quality meat and ingredients.





Any'tizers® Snacks


See more                    








Grilled & Ready® Chicken


See more                    
















