










 







UA Cambia Investor, LLC - Business Services- Riser  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









UA Cambia Investor, LLC

      Industry: Business Services
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    10102 S. Redwood Rd. #95724  
    South Jordan, UT, 84095Phone: 801-803-1416 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-09


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link




	2016-12-22


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link




	2015-03-12


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Wade Riser 
 Executive, Promoter 










 

Ua Cambia Investor Llc raised funds  on March 12th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/326653-ua-cambia-investor-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=326653  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Ua Cambia Investor Llc raised funds  on March 12th, 2015.Get alertedif Ua Cambia Investor Llc gets funded!Amount:UndisclosedCompany:Ua Cambia Investor LlcInvestors:-Industry:Business Products and ServicesCountry:State:City:United StatesTexasFriendswoodKey people:Wade Riser (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - UA Cambia Investor, LLC (0001636464) (Filer)Description:Ua Cambia Investor Llc, a company located in Friendswood, United States, is a Business Products and Services company. The transaction was completed in 2015, March 12th.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


UA CAMBIA INVESTOR, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      UA CAMBIA INVESTOR, LLC
                    

•   SOUTH JORDAN, UT
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             UA Cambia Investor is based out of South Jordan.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-01-09.  The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from UA CAMBIA INVESTOR, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




ua cambia investor, llc


10102 S. REDWOOD RD. #95724

SOUTH JORDAN
UT
                                                        
                                                    84095


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      801-803-1416







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 01/09/2017
D/A filed on 12/22/2016
D filed on 03/12/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-01-09
D/A
BUSINESS SERVICES

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
1,500,000
0
1,500,000


2016-12-22
D/A
BUSINESS SERVICES

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
1,500,000
0
1,500,000


2015-03-12
D
BUSINESS SERVICES

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
400,000
0
400,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




WADE   RISER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Gateway






















Cambiar Investors


   

Let us help guide you to the right experience.




Institutional & Financial Advisors
Investment information designed for consultants, institutional investors, advisors, broker-dealers and registered investment advisors




Individual Investors
Mutual fund information, documents and account access for individual investors and private clients.

































UA Cambia Investor, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:29 PM ET

Company Overview of UA Cambia Investor, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
UA Cambia Investor, LLC operates in the business services industry. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Friendswood, Texas.


1620 South Friendswood DriveSuite 146Friendswood, TX 77546United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 801-803-1416








Key Executives for UA Cambia Investor, LLC


UA Cambia Investor, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact UA Cambia Investor, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Ua Cambia | South Jordan UT | Read Reviews + Get a Free Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Ua Cambia, LLC?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Ua Cambia, LLC
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






U







BZ Score:
90







License # 9312526-6501




South Jordan, UT









Ua Cambia, LLC




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


 best Low Voltage Contractors in South Jordan 

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Ua Cambia, LLC in South Jordan, UT holds a Burglar Alarm, Burglar Alarm Company, Burglar Alarm Company Qualifier  license (9312526-6501) according to the Utah license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Ua Cambia, LLC, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Ua Cambia, LLC Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Fire Protection
Smart Home, A/V, Computer N...
Alarm Systems
Other Low Voltage Projects






Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









Woods Cross, UT 84087



Quality Fire Protection Inc




License # 247687-5501


Woods Cross, UT







108

BZ Score


$14.7K
Avg Project 


141
Projects














Ogden, UT 84403



Fire Protection Services Corporation




License # 297736-6501


Ogden, UT







108

BZ Score


$5.6K
Avg Project 


89
Projects














3140 s 460 w, South Salt Lake, UT 84115

(385) 215-8307 ext. 103


Certified Fire Protection, Inc




License # 5226674-5501


South Salt Lake, UT







110

BZ Score


$3.1K
Avg Project 


265
Projects













Ua Cambia, LLC Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Ua Cambia, LLC. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Ua Cambia, LLC










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Ua Cambia, LLC,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Ua Cambia, LLC








108


Quality Fire Protection Inc







108


Fire Protection Services Corporation







110


Certified Fire Protection, Inc






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #9312526-6501StatusActiveStateUtahTypeBurglar Alarm, Burglar Alarm Company, Burglar Alarm Company Qualifier


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of March, 2017. Check the current license status of Ua Cambia, LLC with the Utah Division of Occupational and Professional Licensing












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor








Employees







Robert D Ellis







Utah Alarm And Security



















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Utah:













Does Ua Cambia, Llc carry a valid contracting license?



Contractors in Utah are required to be licensed to perform work on residential properties. The Utah Division of Occupational and Professional Licensing issues over fifty separate license classifications to contractors. Licensing standards in Utah are very strict, offering homeowners peace of mind when hiring contractors. Always check a contractor's references to avoid problems during a construction project. 
Ua Cambia, Llc currently holds license 9312526-6501 (Burglar Alarm, Burglar Alarm Company, Burglar Alarm Company Qualifier), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Utah?



Utah requires contractors to pass a business and law exam, as well as a trade exam to become licensed. Six hours of continuing education is required to maintain a license in the state. 











Your liability risk when hiring Ua Cambia, Llc



Utah requires licensed contractors to carry workers' compensation and general liability insurance policies. Request a copy of both insurance certificates for your records before the start of any work.











Financial recourse when hiring Ua Cambia, Llc



Licensed contractors in Utah must obtain a surety bond before performing work on residential properties. Home owners can file a claim against this bond to recoup losses or damages in the event of faulty work.











What else should I know before hiring Ua Cambia, Llc



Utah requires license applicants to submit a credit report with their application.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Utah, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Ua Cambia, LLC
We will attempt to deliver your message to Ua Cambia, LLC. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.






























































