UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd. 8-K/A Apr. 10, 2017  8:17 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd. (UBIA)FORM 8-K/A | Amended Current reportApr. 10, 2017  8:17 PM|About: UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd. (UBIA)View as PDF

 UBI Blockchain Internet LTD-DE (Form: 8-K/A, Received: 04/11/2017 06:05:04) 











	 


	 


	 



	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 



	Amendment No. 1 to




	Form 8-K/A



	 



	CURRENT REPORT



	 



	Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934




	 




	Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
	March 17, 2017



	 






	UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD.





	(Exact name of registrant as specified in
	its charter)



	 



	Commission File Number: 000-54236



	 




	Delaware


	 


	27-3349143




	(State or other jurisdiction


	 


	(IRS Employer




	of incorporation)


	 


	Identification No.)





	 






	8250 W. Charleston Blvd. Ste 110





	Las Vegas, NV





	 


	89117




	(Address of principal executive offices)


	 


	(Zip Code)




	 




	702-544-0195





	(Registrant’s telephone number, including
	area code)



	 




	Not Applicable




	(

	Former name or former address, if changed
	since last report

	)


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form
	8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:


	 


	[  ] Written communications pursuant
	to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


	 


	[  ] Soliciting material pursuant
	to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


	 


	[  ] Pre-commencement communications
	pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


	 


	[  ] Pre-commencement communications
	pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


	 


	1





	 



	 






	 




	Explanatory Note




	 



	UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd. (the
	“

	Company

	”) is filing this Amendment No. 1 on Form 8-K/A (“

	Amendment

	”)
	to amend its Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
	“

	SEC

	”) on March 17, 2017 (“

	Original 8-K

	”). The purpose of this Amendment is to provide
	Form 10 Information about the Company.



	 








	Item 5.06 Change in Shell Company Status



	 


	UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD ("the Company"
	or "UBI") ceased to be shell company on March 17, 2017, as a result of new management, a recent change in corporate ownership,
	and the Company pursing new business opportunities. The Company now has three directors, two corporate officers and nine employees.
	Further, the Company, through its new management now has better access to the capital markets to raise funding for the Company.
	The Company is engaged in the developing business technologies of applying blockchain and internet of things. Based on this business
	activity, m

	anagement has determined that

	we are not a shell corporation as that term is defined
	in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



	 




	FORM 10 INFORMATION




	Business



	 


	This provides an overview of the Company's
	business pursuits.


	 



	Forward-Looking Statements



	 


	This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking
	statements. To the extent that any statements made in this report contain information that is not historical, these statements
	are essentially forward-looking. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “expects”,
	“plans”, “will”, “may,” “anticipates”, “believes”, “should”,
	“intends”, “estimates”, and other words of similar meaning. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
	that cannot be predicted or quantified and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
	by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, our ability to raise additional capital
	to finance our activities; the effectiveness, profitability and marketability of our products; legal and regulatory risks; the
	future trading of our common stock; our ability to operate as a public company; our ability to protect our proprietary information;
	general economic and business conditions; the volatility of our operating results and financial condition; our ability to attract
	or retain qualified senior management personnel and research and development staff; and other risks detailed from time to time
	in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), or otherwise.


	 


	 


	 


	2


	 



	 



	 





	 


	Information regarding market and industry information
	contained in this report is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate. It is generally based on
	industry and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic analysis. Forecasts and
	other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties
	accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services


	 



	Business Description




	 




	UBI’s business
	encompasses the research and application in the blockchain technology with a focus on the Internet of things

	("IoT")

	covering areas of food and drugs, healthcare, just to name a few. The Company will leverage the stock
	market to build a new business technology platform, specialized in the safety and freshness keeping of food and drugs within the
	context of micro and macro environment of the human life.



	 


	UBI plans to set up teams, that are dedicated
	to blockchain application and research, application of the internet of things, IT and data analytics in order to achieve its business
	goals.


	 



	An internet of things
	is defined as:

	the internetworking of physical devices, vehicles (also referred to as "connected devices" and
	"smart devices"), buildings, and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity
	that enable these objects to collect and exchange data. The IoT allows objects to be sensed and/or controlled remotely across existing
	network infrastructure, creating opportunities for more direct integration of the physical world into computer-based systems, and
	resulting in improved efficiency, accuracy and economic benefit. Blockchain, originally block chain, is defined as

	:

	a distributed
	database that maintains a continuously-growing list of ordered records called

	blocks

	. Each block contains a timestamp and
	a link to a previous block. By design, blockchains are resistant to modification of the data - once recorded, the data in a block
	cannot be altered retroactively. The Company plans to develop and

	specialize in the design, development,
	promotion and sales of blockchain technology and internet of things.



	 



	Industry Trends



	 


	Recent advances in streamlining video, monitoring
	sensors, high-speed broadband internet, introducing wireless standards (such as Bluetooth low-power) and other technologies have
	brought about the emergence of virtual transactions and investment plans that individuals and businesses can base on their spending
	habits to measure data that monitoring equipment and applications to receive real-time feedback and to fit a wide range of personal
	and corporate preferences for reliability at home.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	3


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 


	Blockchain techniques have shown considerable
	adaptability in recent years, as various market sectors have sought to find ways of incorporating capabilities into their operations.
	While most of the focus has so far been on financial services industry, this has begun to change. For example, the use of blockchain
	technology to support digital electronic payments to counter counterfeit drugs in the pharmaceutical industry. The adaptability
	of blockchain to a large number of applications has been one of the driving forces of the technology's growing interest in past
	few years. As solution for organization and ledger needs, the most recent market for blockchain technology is pharmaceutical industry.


	 


	The use blockchain technology and internet
	of things is being employed to address universal healthcare industry regarding food and drug safety and labor relations management.
	At present, management believes that there exists confusion of Chinese medicine industry including fake drugs, bad medicine serious
	phenomenon, no regulated production, no guaranteed efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine. The excessive use of antibiotics,
	poison capsules incidents, vaccine cases ginkgo leaf, licorice tablets and other major drug cases, have seriously affected people's
	physical and mental health. Therefore, food and drug safety relates to vital interests of millions of people's social problems.
	From current safety issues of food and drug, we see scientific and exact drug management issues.


	 


	Management believes that the blockchain technology
	and internet of things promote industrial information and emergence of possible technological solutions. Through integration of
	blockchain technology for the core of internet of things to establish a seamless industrial chain so as to achieve food and drug
	safety control and enterprise relations management. Internet of Things is the extension and continuation of internet. IoT can increase
	the ubiquity of the internet by integrating every object for interaction via radio frequency identification (RFID) devices, infrared
	sensors, global positioning systems, laser scanners and other information sensing equipment, which leads to a highly distributed
	network of devices communicating with human beings as well as other devices. IoT is opening opportunities for a large number of
	novel applications that promise to improve quality of lives. In recent years, IoT has connected with blockchain, exchange and communication
	for intelligent identification, location, tracking, monitoring and management of a network. This technology is still in its infancy.


	 


	A universal healthcare system covers all citizens
	seeking to achieve efficiencies by integrating the basic functions of healthcare delivery, health insurance, distribution of healthy
	food and drug safety and labor relations management. Based on the full integration of internet of things with blockchain technology,
	this technology can change old systems. Blockchain technology is a distributed database that maintains a continuously-growing list
	of records called blocks. Each block contains a timestamp and a link to a previous block. The data in a block cannot be altered
	retrospectively. Blockchain has characteristics such as decentrality, openness and transparency, autonomy, security of information
	that cannot be tampered with, and anonymity, these features can strengthen solution to drug and food safety issues, as well as
	getting more meaningful solution to enterprise labor relations management.


	 


	 


	 


	4


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 



	Blockchain technology-based applications



	 


	Management plans to focus its business in the
	integrated wellness industry, which providing procedures for safety and effectiveness in food and drugs, but also preventing counterfeit
	or fake food and drugs. With the advancement of the blockchain technology, we can trace a food or drug product all the way up to
	its original source within the context of the internet of things.


	 


	We are in the early stages of blockchain technology,
	which can store decentralized and distributed software ledger with complete transaction history. Blockchain technology has a wide
	range of potential applications, in addition to financial, real estate, back office systems and stock trading applications. Blockchain
	is a distributed ledger agreement that allows projects or transactions to be transparently registered and is first developed for
	use in a variety of industries to offer a wide range of services including banking, stock trading, real estate and even global
	diamond sales. More and more financial giants join blockchain technology applications and research and development, including IBM,
	Microsoft, Intel, Blockstream and Thompson Reuters, to further accelerate blockchain technology as a maturity and development system.
	Management believes the investments in the field of blockchain are growing. Due to maturity and safety of blockchain technology,
	it can play a role in many fields, and management believes its application field and development potential offer a growth opportunity
	for the Company.


	 


	The five features of blockchain include: de-centralization,
	openness, autonomy, non-tampering and anonymity. These features make blockchain an advantage in science and finance. Blockchain
	technology is a decentralized, distributed ledger that allows each transaction to be recorded and verified by network, which means
	that they do not need a central regulator such as a bank or financial institution. Transactions are also anonymous and theoretically
	real-time, although recent network over-saturation has led to this problem. The block-based distributed accounting technology,
	combined with its artificial intelligence and internet of things technologies, makes it possible for billions of smart technologies
	to connect to internet for greater security, allowing virtual time travel and allowing regulators to return to the point at which
	the problem occurred. One of potential application of this technology is the creation of registers based on blockchain of IoT devices,
	and the use of artificial intelligence programs to perform automated intelligent diagnostics and more advanced functions, which
	can ultimately lead engineers and regulators to virtualize clock backwards. At the same time, blockchain technology can reduce
	audit costs; reduce distrust of central node, so that flow of financial assets is more transparent and convenient. In fact, current
	blockchain technology is indeed application of digital electronic payments to "blockchain +" transition extension from
	financial sector gradually to IoT and other non-financial areas which will trigger more and greater industrial restructuring and
	revolution. It is our time to enter real power blockchain technology.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	5


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 


	The central concept and future development
	of blockchain are trends of things fit, leading gradual self-government of things. Blockchain technology is a good solution: infrastructure
	investment, high maintenance costs and data security issues. Blockchain technology support IoT which is an extension and more advanced
	stage of internet. Blockchain technology research and application will make IoT networking shine. Blockchain's point-to-point communication
	platform gives a subtle solution. Blockchain technology creates a shared, distributed, digital book between network nodes to record
	transactions, rather than storing them on a central server. Thus eliminating the need for central verification. It provides a way
	to create a consensus network without having trust a single node, and data store does not need to be stored in a central server,
	but by sharing it to all nodes in the network.


	 


	Internet of Things (IoT) is about creating
	digital representations of real-world objects. It is a phenomenon that draws on rapid developments within IT, ICT and telecommunications
	to spark insights and to help companies create entirely new types of services and business areas. Management believes that the
	Internet of Things will be the next technology to promote the rapid development of the world's important productive forces.


	 



	Health Care Business Focus



	 


	Management believes that the global IoT in
	healthcare market is growing at a significant growth rate, due to increasing demand for advanced healthcare information system,
	and growing prevalence of chronic and lifestyle associated diseases.


	 


	The IoT applications in healthcare, such as
	telemedicine, medication management, clinical operations and workflow management, inpatient monitoring, helps in compiling services
	related to diagnosis, treatment, care, and rehabilitation. They improve communication between patients and healthcare providers,
	in order to reduce medication errors, and provide better coordinated care.


	 


	Blockchain technology supports IoT which is
	an extension and more advanced stage of internet. Blockchain's point-to-point communication platform problem, gives a subtle solution.
	Blockchain technology creates a shared, distributed, digital book between network nodes to record transactions, rather than storing
	them on a central server. Thus eliminating need for central verification. It provides a way to create a consensus network without
	having to trust a single node, and data store does not need to be stored in a central server, but by sharing it to all nodes in
	network. Blockchain technology can also help solve medical field of data privacy and other issues, such as custody of electronic
	medical records, safe storage of genetic data, drug security and so on.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	6


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 



	The Market Opportunity




	 



	The Company is in the early stages of blockchain
	technology, which can store decentralized and distributed software ledger with complete transaction history. Blockchain technology
	has a wide range of potential applications, in addition to financial, real estate, and back office systems. Blockchain can be utlized
	as a distributed ledger agreement that allows projects or transactions to be transparently registered and can be used in a variety
	of industries to offer a wide range of services including banking, stock trading, real estate and even global diamond sales.


	 


	Blockchain technology can play a role in many
	fields. Blockcchain transactions are theoretically real-time. The block-based distributed accounting technology, combined with
	its artificial intelligence and internet of things technologies, makes it possible for countless of smart technologies to connect
	to internet for greater security, allowing technicians to return to the point at which the problem occurred. One of potential applications
	of this technology is the creation of registers based on blockchain of IoT devices, and the use of artificial intelligence programs
	to perform automated intelligent diagnostics and more advanced functions, which can ultimately lead engineers and technicians to
	virtualize clock backwards. At the same time, blockchain technology can reduce audit costs; reduce distrust of central node, so
	that flow of financial assets is more transparent and convenient. In fact, current blockchain technology is indeed application
	of digital electronic payments to "block chain +" transition extension from financial sector gradually to IoT and other
	non-financial areas which will trigger more and greater industrial restructuring and revolution.


	 


	The internet of things is based on computer
	science, including network, electronics, radio frequency, induction, wireless, artificial intelligence, bar code, cloud computing,
	automation, embedded technology as an integrated technology. Internet of things is called the third wave of the world information
	industry revolution, after computer revolution, and the second internet revolution. Management believes that within 10 years, internet
	of things will be widely used in intelligent medicine, intelligent transportation, environmental protection, government work, public
	safety, safety home, intelligent home appliance, industrial monitoring, elderly care, personal health, intelligent building, green
	agriculture and breeding, surveillance, imaging, computers, mobile phones and other fields.


	 


	Blockchain technology is a good solution for:
	infrastructure investment, high maintenance costs and data security issues. Blockchain technology supports IoT which is an extension
	and more advanced stage of internet. Blockchain technology research and application will make IoT networking more efficient. Blockchain
	technology creates a shared, distributed, digital book between network nodes to record transactions, rather than storing them on
	a central server. This eliminates the need for central verification. It provides a way to create a consensus network without having
	to trust a single node, and data store does not need to be stored in a central server, but by sharing it to all nodes in network.
	Blockchain technology can also solve medical field of data privacy and other issues, such as custody of electronic medical records,
	safe storage of genetic data, and drug security.


	 


	 


	 


	7


	 



	 



	 





	 



	Our Strategy



	 


	Our strategy is to make UBI the premier online
	investment and communication platform in key markets in China, and later on we may expand into Europe and North America. To achieve
	this goal, we intend to do the following:


	 



	• Introducing innovative products



	 


	We plan to develop commercially applicable
	blockchain based payment and other functions, such as product tracking. We aim at satisfaction of user experience, covering the
	consumption after sales.


	 




	 • Create brand awareness and
	drive sales of our products and services in key markets




	 


	We intend to target our marketing efforts to
	create global awareness of our brand and drive sales of our products and services in the key markets of China.


	 




	 • Employ professional investment
	professionals, academics, university professors and communication professionals






	 




	We plan to employ investment professionals,
	academics, university professors and communication professionals from around the world to develop technologies applications to
	human beings.


	 




	• Coordinate with strategic partners
	in each of the target markets for marketing and distribution




	 


	We believe that international markets represent
	a significant growth opportunity for us and we intend to expand sales of our products and services globally through selected retailers
	and strategic partnerships. We plan to work with key partners in the target markets to provide marketing and distribution expertise
	and assistance. Although it may be challenging to gain market acceptance in these markets, we believe the assistance of such experts
	will expedite the process.


	 



	Competitive Strengths



	 


	We believe that the following strengths position
	us to build our business model:


	 



	1. Building a Creative Commercial Platform
	through Independent Design and




	Development



	 


	We plan to make an integrated platform that
	incorporates the blockchain technology, internet of things, and a stock market. This platform when built, will support blockchain
	based payment, the convenience of internet of things, with the speed, safety, and convenience not yet experienced. We plan to establish
	a brand name of “Global UBI” for our products.


	 


	 


	8


	 



	 



	 





	 



	2. We Believe We Have Good Relations in
	China’s Healthcare Industry




	 



	In China, we believe that our management has
	good relations in the field of integrated health industry for scientific research and development, raw material production base
	and other industrial chains. Our management is also familiar with the international pharmaceutical market and the food market.
	We believe that technology is the top productive force. The effective combination of blockchain technology and Internet of Things
	technology which exclude all possible human factors, its centralization, transparency and chain cannot be tampered with, traceability,
	etc. can solve the drug and food safety issues.



	 




	Target Market




	 



	At present, fake drugs are common in China,
	as there exists little regulation of production, and no guaranteed efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine. There has been an
	excessive use of antibiotics, poison capsules incidents, vaccine cases ginkgo leaf, licorice tablets and other major drug cases,
	seriously affecting people's physical and mental health. Therefore, food and drug safety is related to the vital interests of millions
	of people in China.


	 



	Sources of Income and Pricing




	 



	We plan to use application of information technology
	(IT), blockchain technology and IoT technology that permeate virtually all aspects of corporate and social activity, effective
	combination of food and drugs safety and management of labor relations. The products and services enabled by it have had a major
	impact to the healthcare industry. As we look to the future, emerging technologies raise new trend in security, law enforcement,
	privacy, safety in food and drug of healthcare industry.


	 



	Sales and Marketing




	 



	The Company plans to place an emphasis on social
	media for the marketing and advancement of blockchian, internet of things, and technological innovation platform as well as the
	traditional health application, food and drug production process chain for more transparent transactions. The Company plans to
	implement original sources of procurement advantages, and preferred overseas products. For the domestic high-end consumers, we
	provide more efficient, convenient and affordable imports of quality goods.


	 


	Management believes Chinese consumers are
	more likely to consider buying a product if they see it mentioned on a social-media site and more likely to purchase a product
	or service if a friend or acquaintance recommends it on a social-media site.


	 


	Chinese consumers rely heavily upon peer-to-peer
	recommendations over general mass advertising. In general, the Chinese populace is skeptical of information from news sources and
	advertising and rely more on word-of-mouth from friends, family, and key opinion leaders, many of whom share information on social
	media.


	 


	 


	 


	9


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 


	While messaging and sharing photos is as popular
	in China as in other regions, one aspect of usage in the country stands out: social media has a greater influence on purchasing
	decisions for consumers in China than for those anywhere else in the world. Due to the widespread use of social media in China,
	the Company will focus its marketing efforts on this medium. The Company will be present with its own social media site on the
	largest Chinese social media platforms. Sale of products and services will take place on the portal. With regards to North America
	and European Market, we anticipate employing a similar strategy. Our most important profit and revenue will come from our development
	of drugs, food safety software, and system platform technology to promote sales and transfer technology. These software technologies
	and platform technologies will be widely used in health industry businesses and regulatory agencies.


	 



	Manufacturing




	 



	The Company does not at this time engage in
	any manufacturing but may engage in manufacturing of products to be sold on the Company's website in the future.



	 




	Government Regulation




	 



	We are or may become subject to a variety of
	laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including laws and regulations
	regarding privacy, data protection, data security, data retention, consumer protection, advertising, electronic commerce, intellectual
	property, manufacturing, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions. These laws and
	regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to
	us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws.


	 


	In particular, there are numerous U.S. federal,
	state, and local laws and regulations and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use, processing,
	disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data, the scope of which is changing, subject to differing interpretations,
	and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations,
	and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy, data security, and data protection. However, given that the scope, interpretation,
	and application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be conflicting, it is possible that these obligations
	may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules
	or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with our privacy or security policies or privacy-related legal obligations
	by us or third-party service-providers or the failure or perceived failure by third-party apps, with which our users choose to
	share their data, to comply with their privacy policies or privacy-related legal obligations as they relate to the data shared
	with them, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information
	or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or negative publicity, and could have an adverse
	effect on our brand and operating results.


	 


	10


	 





	 



	 



	 


	 


	We plan to develop solutions to ensure that
	data transfers from the E.U. provide adequate protections to comply with the E.U. Data Protection Directive. If we fail to develop
	such alternative data transfer solutions, one or more national data protection authorities in the European Union could bring enforcement
	actions seeking to prohibit or suspend our data transfers to the U.S. and we could also face additional legal liability, fines,
	negative publicity, and resulting loss of business.


	 


	Governments are continuing to focus on privacy
	and data security and it is possible that new privacy or data security laws will be passed or existing laws will be amended in
	a way that is material to our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding
	our users' data could require us to modify our services and features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability
	to develop new products, services, and features. Although we have made efforts to design our policies, procedures, and systems
	to comply with the current requirements of applicable state, federal, and foreign laws, changes to applicable laws and regulations
	in this area could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, any of which could significantly increase our operating costs.


	 


	The labeling, distribution, importation, marketing,
	and sale of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various U.S. state and federal and foreign agencies, including
	the CPSC, Federal Trade Commission, Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, Federal Communications Commission, and state attorneys
	general, as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local, and international regulatory authorities in the countries
	in which our products and services are distributed or sold. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could become
	subject to enforcement actions or the imposition of significant monetary fines, other penalties, or claims, which could harm our
	operating results or our ability to conduct our business.


	 


	The global nature of our business operations
	also create various domestic and foreign regulatory challenges and subject us to laws and regulations such as the U.S. Foreign
	Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions,
	and our products are also subject to U.S. export controls, including the U.S. Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulations
	and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Controls.
	If we become liable under these laws or regulations, we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this
	liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products or services, which would negatively
	affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues
	as a result of lawsuits, regulatory proceedings, and legislative proposals could harm our brand or otherwise impact the growth
	of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of compliance or other liabilities under these laws or regulations could harm our
	business and operating results.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	11


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 



	Employees



	 


	We have 11 full-time employees. Within our workforce, 4 employees
	are engaged in product development and 7 employees are engaged in business development, finance, human resources, facilities, information
	technology and general management and administration. We expect the number of employees to rise to more than 25 by the end of December,
	2017. We have no collective bargaining agreements with our employees and we have not experienced any work stoppages. We consider
	our relationship with our employees to be good.



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	12





	 



	 






	 




	Risk Factors



	 


	An investment in our common stock involves
	a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included
	in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition
	or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all
	or part of your investment. You should read the section entitled “Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements”
	above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements
	in the context of this report.


	 



	Risks Related to Our Business




	 




	WE HAVE LIMITED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
	UPON WHICH YOU MAY EVALUATE OUR PERFORMANCE.




	 



	We have a limited operating history and we
	are subject to all risks inherent in a developing business enterprise. Our likelihood of success must be considered in light of
	the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with selling audio housing
	systems and the competitive environment in which we operate. You should consider, among other factors, our prospects for success
	in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like us, are in their early stages of research. We may not
	be able to successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our operating and acquisition strategies.
	If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business to the point of having to cease operations and could impair the value
	of our preferred and common stock to the point that the investors may lose their entire investment. Even if we accomplish these
	objectives, we may not be able to generate positive cash flows or profits that we anticipate in the future.



	 




	OUR AUDITORS HAVE MADE REFERENCE TO THE
	SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT AS TO OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCER. THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT WE WILL BE ABLE TO CONTINUE AS A
	GOING CONCERN.



	 


	The financial statements included with our
	Annual Report for the year ended August 31, 2016 have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our auditors
	have made reference to the substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in their audit report on our audited
	financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2016. Because the Company has been issued an opinion by its auditors that substantial
	doubt exists as to whether the Company can continue as a going concern, it may be more difficult for the Company to attract investors.
	Since our auditors have raised a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, this typically results greater
	difficulty to obtain loans than businesses that do not have a qualified auditors opinion. Additionally, any loans we might obtain
	may be on less advantageous terms. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations
	from our business.


	 


	 


	13


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 


	We plan to seek additional funds through private
	placements of our preferred and common stock. You may be investing in a company that will not have the funds necessary to continue
	to deploy its business strategies. If we are not able to achieve sufficient revenues or find financing to cover our expenses, then
	we likely will be forced to cease operations and investors will likely lose their entire investment.


	 



	WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY
	WITHOUT ADDITIONAL FUNDING, WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE TO US.



	 


	We have prepared audited financial statements
	for the year end for August 31, 2016. For the period from inception (August 26, 2010) through the year end for August 31, 2016,
	we experienced an operating net loss of $ 4,554,259. Our ability to continue to operate as a going concern is fully dependent upon
	the Company obtaining sufficient financing to continue its development and operational activities. The ability to achieve profitable
	operations is in direct correlation to our ability to generate revenues or raise sufficient financing. It is important to note
	that even if the appropriate financing is received, there is no guarantee that we will ever be able to operate profitably or derive
	any significant revenues from its operation. If we run out of cash reserves, we would be forced to cease operations.


	 


	No assurance can be given that the Company
	will obtain access to capital markets in the future or that financing, adequate to satisfy the cash requirements of implementing
	our business strategies, will be available on acceptable terms. The inability of the Company to gain access to capital markets
	or obtain acceptable financing could have a material adverse effect upon the results of its operations and upon its financial conditions.


	 



	THE NATURE OF OUR OPERATIONS ARE HIGHLY
	SPECULATIVE.



	 


	The success of our plan of operation will depend
	to a great extent on the operations, financial condition and management.

	Our business concept revolves
	around "developing IoT, e-blockchain, and other technologies." Our business model is not yet established in the industry
	and we will have to convince our customers to use our products and services.



	 


	Management believes that we will be successful
	in marketing our services, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract sufficient consumers to achieve profitability
	or even generate anything but minimal revenues. If our services are not accepted by consumers, we will fail.




	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 




	14




	 






	 





	 



	 








	 




	WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO COMPETE WITH OTHER
	COMPANIES, SOME OF WHOM HAVE GREATER RESOURCES AND EXPERIENCE.



	 


	We do not have the resources to compete with
	larger providers of these similar services at this time. With the limited, if not minimal, resources the Company has available,
	the Company may experience great difficulties in building a customer base. Competition from existing and future competitors could
	result in the Company’s inability to secure any new customers. This competition from other entities with greater resources
	and reputations may result in the Company’s failure to maintain or expand its business as the Company may never be able to
	successfully execute its business plan. Further, we cannot be assured that it will be able to compete successfully against present
	or future competitors or that the competitive pressure it may face will not force the Company to cease operations.


	 



	 





	We
	may be unable to gain any significant market acceptance for our products and services or establish a significant market presence.






	 




	Our growth strategy is substantially dependent
	upon our ability to market our product successfully to prospective clients in the target markets, which shall initially be China,
	Europe and the United States. This requires that we heavily rely upon our development and marketing partners in the target markets.
	Failure to select the right development and marketing partners in the target markets and other target markets will significantly
	delay or prohibit our ability to develop the products and services, market the products and gain market acceptance. Our products
	and services may not achieve significant acceptance. Such acceptance, if achieved, may not be sustained for any significant period
	of time. Failure of our services to achieve or sustain market acceptance could have a material adverse effect on our business,
	financial conditions and the results of our operations.


	 


	 




	If
	potential users within the target markets do not widely adopt online or UBI fails to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance,
	we will not generate sufficient revenue and our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed.






	 




	UBI may never gain significant acceptance in
	the marketplace and, therefore, may never generate substantial revenue or allow us to achieve or maintain profitability. Widespread
	adoption of virtual and online training portals in the target markets depends on many factors, including acceptance by users that
	such systems and methods or other options. Our ability to achieve commercial market acceptance for UBI or any other future products
	also depends on the strength of our sales, marketing and distribution organizations.


	 



	 




	 




	 




	15




	 




	 




	 



	 






	 





	We
	may not be able to attract qualified professionals, academics, university professors and communication professionals from around
	the world, which will decrease the value of technological innovation platform offering and may make it difficult to differentiate
	UBI from other online services providers.






	 




	Our strategy includes developing relationships
	with professionals, academics, university professors and communication professionals from around the world. If we are unable to
	establish relationships with these professionals, academics, university professors and communication professionals that UBI's technological
	innovation platform is not effective or that alternative products are more effective, or if we encounter difficulty promoting adoption
	or establishing UBI as a standard, our ability to achieve market acceptance of UBI could be significantly limited.


	 


	 




	We
	may not be able to develop new products or enhance the capabilities of UBI to keep pace with our industry's rapidly changing technology
	and customer requirements.






	 




	The industry for blockchain technology is characterized
	by rapid technological changes, new product introductions, enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our business prospects
	depend on our ability to develop new products and applications for our technology in new markets that develop as a result of technological
	and scientific advances, while improving the performance and cost-effectiveness. New technologies, techniques or products could
	emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance than UBI systems. The market for online or virtual healthcare
	market is characterized by rapid innovation and advancement in technology. It is important that we anticipate changes in technology
	and market demand. If we do not successfully innovate and introduce new technology into our anticipated product lines or effectively
	manage the transitions of our technology to new product offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations
	could be harmed.


	 


	 




	Cyber
	security risks could adversely affect our business and disrupt our operations.






	 




	The threats to network and data security are
	increasingly diverse and sophisticated. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our servers,
	computer systems, and those of third parties that we use in our operations are vulnerable to cyber security risks, including cyber
	attacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft
	or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our servers and computer systems or those of third parties
	that we use in our operations, which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data, and loss of consumer confidence.


	 


	 


	16


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 


	In addition, we may be the target of email
	scams that attempt to acquire sensitive information or company assets. Despite our efforts to create security barriers to such
	threats, we may not be able to entirely mitigate these risks. Any cyber attack that attempts to obtain our data and assets, disrupt
	our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could adversely affect our business,
	operating results, and financial condition, be expensive to remedy, and damage our reputation.


	 




	Our
	financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies.






	 




	Our primary exposure to movements in foreign
	currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating expenses worldwide. Weakening of foreign currencies
	relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, and
	generally leads us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products. In some circumstances, for competitive
	or other reasons, we may decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, or at all, which
	would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening
	of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while generally beneficial to our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings,
	could cause us to reduce international pricing, incur losses on our foreign currency derivative instruments, and incur increased
	operating expenses thereby limiting any benefit. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may also increase our cost of
	product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.


	 


	We do not use derivative instruments, such
	as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.


	 


	 




	We
	may acquire other businesses, form joint ventures or make investments in other companies or technologies that could negatively
	affect our operating results, dilute our stockholders' ownership, increase our debt or cause us to incur significant expense.






	 




	We may pursue acquisitions of businesses and
	assets. We also may pursue strategic alliances and joint ventures that leverage our proprietary technology and industry experience
	to expand our offerings or distribution. We have no experience with acquiring other companies and limited experience with forming
	strategic partnerships. We may not be able to find suitable partners or acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete
	such transactions on favorable terms, if at all. If we make any acquisitions, we may not be able to integrate these acquisitions
	successfully into our existing business, and we could assume unknown or contingent liabilities.


	 


	17


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 


	Any future acquisitions also could result in
	the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or future write-offs of intangible assets or goodwill, any of which could have a
	negative impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Integration of an acquired company also may disrupt
	ongoing operations and require management resources that we would otherwise focus on developing our existing business. We may experience
	losses related to investments in other companies, which could harm our financial condition and results of operations. We may not
	realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, strategic alliance or joint venture.


	 


	Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in
	addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages,
	currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.


	 


	To finance any acquisitions or joint ventures,
	we may choose to issue shares of common stock as consideration, which could dilute the ownership of our stockholders. Additional
	funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. If the price of our Common Stock is low or volatile, we
	may not be able to acquire other companies or fund a joint venture project using our stock as consideration

	.



	 




	Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third
	Parties




	 




	We
	will depend on third-parties to market in international markets.






	 




	We will depend on a number of third parties
	to market and sell internationally. We may not be able to successfully identify marketing and distribution partners and even if
	we do, such parties may not be able to successfully market and sell and may not devote sufficient time and resources to support
	the marketing and selling efforts that enable the product to develop, achieve or sustain market acceptance. Any of these factors
	could reduce our revenue from affected international markets, increase our costs in those markets or damage our reputation. In
	addition, if we are unable to attract additional international distributors, our international revenue may not grow.




	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	18


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 




	Risks Related to Being a Public Company






	 






	Our
	management team has no experience managing a public company.






	 




	Most members of our management team have no
	experience managing a publicly-traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex
	laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public
	company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous
	scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant attention from our
	senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect
	our business, financial condition, and operating results.



	 




	IF WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM
	OF INTERNAL CONTROLS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACCURATELY REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS OR PREVENT FRAUD AND AS A RESULT, INVESTORS
	MAY BE MISLED AND LOSE CONFIDENCE IN OUR FINANCIAL REPORTING AND DISCLOSURES, AND THE PRICE OF OUR PREFERRED AND COMMON STOCK MAY
	BE NEGATIVELY AFFECTED.



	 


	The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that
	we report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. A "significant deficiency"
	means a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material
	weakness yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the Company's financial reporting. A "material
	weakness" is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
	a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
	on a timely basis.


	 


	As of August 31, 2016, management assessed
	the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial
	reporting. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under
	the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of
	a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective
	oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and (2) inadequate segregation of duties
	consistent with control objectives.


	 


	In addition, in connection with our on-going
	assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we may discover "material weaknesses"
	in our internal controls as defined in standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB. A
	material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood
	that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.


	 


	19


	 



	 



	 





	 


	Failure to provide effective internal controls
	may cause investors to lose confidence in our financial reporting and may negatively affect the price of our preferred and common
	stock. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary to produce accurate, reliable financial reports and to prevent fraud.
	If we have deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting, these deficiencies may negatively impact our business
	and operations.


	 


	 




	Risks Related to Administrative, Organizational
	and Commercial Operations and Growth






	 






	The
	loss of our Chief Executive Officer or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled developers and other personnel could
	negatively impact our business.






	 




	Our success depends on the skills, experience
	and performance of Tony, Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, and other key employees. The individual and collective efforts of these
	employees will be important as we continue to develop and as we expand our commercial activities. The loss or incapacity of existing
	members of our executive management team could negatively impact our operations if we experience difficulties in hiring qualified
	successors. Our executive officers have employment agreements; however, the existence of an employment agreement does not guarantee
	the retention of the executive officer for any period of time.


	 



	 





	Our
	use of "open source" software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation.






	 




	A portion of the technologies we use incorporates
	"open source" software, and we may incorporate open source software in the future. Such open source software is generally
	licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. These licenses may subject us to certain unfavorable
	conditions, including requirements that we offer our products and services that incorporate the open source software for no cost,
	that we make publicly available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating, or using
	the open source software, or that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source
	license. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated open source software into software that we license from
	such provider, we could be required to disclose or provide at no cost any of our source code that incorporates or is a modification
	of such licensed software. If an author or other third party that distributes open source software that we use or license were
	to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of the applicable license, we could be required to incur significant legal
	expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages and enjoined from the sale of our products
	and services that contained the open source software. Any of the foregoing could disrupt the distribution and sale of our products
	and services and harm our business.



	 




	 



	20



	 




	 



	 








	 





	Risks Related to Intellectual Property






	 






	If
	we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position could be harmed.




	 


	We plan to rely upon patents, trademarks, copyright
	and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants
	and third parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information. Significant elements of our products and services are
	based on unpatented trade secrets and know-how that are not publicly disclosed. In addition to contractual measures, we try to
	protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and technological security measures. Such measures
	may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide
	adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating
	our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate
	remedy to protect our interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can
	be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed
	by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our
	trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor,
	our competitive position could be harmed.


	 


	 




	We
	may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may prevent or delay our product development efforts and stop us
	from commercializing or increase the costs of commercializing our products.






	 




	Our commercial success depends significantly
	on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. For example,
	there could be issued patents of which we are not aware that our products infringe. There also could be patents that we believe
	we do not infringe, but that we may ultimately be found to infringe. Moreover, patent applications are in some cases maintained
	in secrecy until patents are issued. The publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature frequently occurs substantially
	later than the date on which the underlying discoveries were made and patent applications were filed. Because patents can take
	many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications of which we are unaware that may later result in issued patents
	that our products infringe. For example, pending applications may exist that provide support or can be amended to provide support
	for a claim that results in an issued patent that our product infringes.


	 


	 


	 


	21


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 


	 


	Our software is built upon open-sourced code
	and platforms. Nevertheless, there is a risk a third party may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without
	authorization. If a court held that any third-party patents are valid, enforceable and cover our products or their use, the holders
	of any of these patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize our products unless we obtained a license under the applicable
	patents, or until the patents expire. We may not be able to enter into licensing arrangements or make other arrangements at a reasonable
	cost or on reasonable terms. Any inability to secure licenses or alternative technology could result in delays in the introduction
	of our products or lead to prohibition of the manufacture or sale of products by us.


	 




	Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common
	Stock





	 





	The
	price of our Common Stock may be volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control




	.






	 




	Factors that could cause volatility in the
	market price of our Common Stock include, but are not limited to:


	 



	·


	    


	actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results;




	·


	    


	actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors;




	·


	    


	commercial success and market acceptance of UBI;




	·


	    


	success of our competitors in discovering, developing or commercializing products;




	·


	    


	strategic transactions undertaken by us;




	·


	    


	additions or departures of key personnel;




	·


	    


	prevailing economic conditions;




	·


	    


	disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights;




	·


	    


	sales of our Common Stock by our officers, directors or significant stockholders;




	·


	    


	future sales or issuances of equity or debt securities by us;




	·


	    


	business disruptions caused by earthquakes, tornadoes or other natural disasters; and




	·


	       


	issuance of new or changed securities analysts' reports or recommendations regarding us.



	 


	In addition, the stock markets in general have
	experienced extreme volatility that has been often unrelated to the operating performance of the issuer. These broad market fluctuations
	may negatively impact the price or liquidity of our Common Stock. In the past, when the price of a stock has been volatile, holders
	of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the issuer. If any of our stockholders were
	to bring such a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit and the attention of our management
	would be diverted from the operation of our business.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	22


	 


	 



	 



	 







	 






	UBI
	Blockchain Internet LTD, a hong Kong Company controls 99.8% OF THE TOTAL VOTING POWER OF OUR CAPITAL that will allow them to control
	the Company.




	 


	As of April 10, 2017, UBI Blockchain Internet
	Ltd., a Hong Kong Company controls approximately 99.8% of the total voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result,
	UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd. will have the ability to control substantially all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval
	including:


	 


	a) election of our board of directors;


	 


	b) removal of any of our directors;


	 


	c) amendment of our Articles of Incorporation
	or bylaws; and


	 


	d) adoption of measures that could delay or
	prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us.


	 


	As a result of its ownership UBI Blockchain
	Internet LTD, the Hong Kong company has the ability to influence all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election
	of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. In addition, the future prospect of sales of significant amounts
	of shares held by UBI Blockchain Internet LTD, the Hong Kong company could affect the market price of our common stock if the marketplace
	does not orderly adjust to the increase in shares in the market and the value of your investment in the Company may decrease. UBI
	Blockchain Internet LTD, the Hong Kong company's stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer
	or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing
	a premium over our stock price




	 






	 






	Our
	Common Stock is or may become subject to the "penny stock" rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities
	is limited, which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock.






	 




	Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes
	the definition of a "penny stock," for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of
	less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction
	involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions
	in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the
	identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.


	 


	 


	 


	23


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 


	In order to approve a person's account for
	transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information and investment experience objectives
	of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the
	person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny
	stocks.


	 


	The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior
	to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in
	highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (b) confirms that
	the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be
	less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the "penny stock" rules. If our Common Stock is or becomes
	subject to the "penny stock" rules, it may be more difficult for investors to dispose of our Common Stock and cause a
	decline in the market value of our Common Stock.


	 


	Disclosure also has to be made about the risks
	of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker
	or dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an
	investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information
	for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.


	 


	 



	BECAUSE WE DO NOT INTEND TO PAY ANY CASH
	DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK, OUR STOCKHOLDERS WILL NOT BE ABLE TO RECEIVE A RETURN ON THEIR SHARES UNLESS THEY SELL THEM.



	 


	We intend to retain any future earnings to
	finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the
	foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they
	sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired.


	 




	Properties





	 




	Our Hong Kong offices
	are located in unit 03, level 9, Core F, Smart Space, Block 3, Hong Kong Cyberport, 100 Cyberport Road, Hong Kong, and our US mailing
	address is:

	8250 W. Charleston Blvd, Suite 110, Las Vegas, NV 89117. Our U. S. telephone number is: (702) 544-0195.


	 


	The Company does not own any properties, but
	currently leases office space at two locations in Qianhai of China, and London.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	24


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 



	Legal Proceedings



	 


	From time to time, we may become involved in
	various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
	uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our


	business.


	 


	We are not presently a party to any material
	litigation, nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened against us, which may materially affect us.



	 


	 





	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
	Holders



	 


	We did not submit any matters to a vote of
	our security holders during the past fiscal year.


	 


	(a) Market Information


	 


	UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD, $0.001 par value,
	can be found on the OTC-Bulletin Board under the symbol: UBIA. The Stock was first cleared for quotation on September 22, 2011.


	 


	There has been limited trading of the Company’s
	stock, since it was listed on the OTC-BB, there are no assurances that a market will ever develop for the Company's stock.


	 


	The following table sets forth the range of
	high and low trading price information for the common stock during the quarterly periods indicated (as retroactively adjusted for
	the January 20, 2016 1 for 200 reverse stock split).


	 








	Year ended August 31, 2016




	 


	High


	 


	 


	Low


	 


	 




	First Quarter


	 


	$


	20.00


	 


	 


	$


	10.02


	 


	 


	 




	Second Quarter


	 


	$


	10.02


	 


	 


	$


	10.02


	 


	 


	 




	Third Quarter


	 


	$


	1.01


	 


	 


	$


	0.56


	 


	 


	 




	Fourth Quarter


	 


	$


	0.53


	 


	 


	$


	0.53


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	  








	Year ended August 31, 2015




	 


	High


	 


	 


	Low


	 


	 




	First Quarter


	 


	$


	10.00


	 


	 


	$


	10.00


	 


	 


	 




	Second Quarter


	 


	$


	100.00


	 


	 


	$


	10.00


	 


	 


	 




	Third Quarter


	 


	$


	100.00


	 


	 


	$


	  10.00


	 


	 


	 




	Fourth Quarter


	 


	$


	10.00


	 


	 


	$


	    10.00


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 


	(b) Holders of Common Stock


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, there were approximately
	one hundred forty (140) holders of record of our Common Stock.


	 


	25


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 


	(c) Dividends


	 


	In the future we intend to follow a policy
	of retaining earnings, if any, to finance the growth of the business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
	future. The declaration and payment of future dividends on the Common Stock will be the sole discretion of board of directors and
	will depend on our profitability and financial condition, capital requirements, statutory and contractual restrictions, future
	prospects and other factors deemed relevant.


	 


	(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under
	Equity Compensation Plans


	 


	There are no outstanding grants or rights or any equity plan in
	place.


	 


	(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities


	 


	On October 3, 2016 the Company issued 30,000,000
	shares of unregistered restricted Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class B Voting Common Stock,
	which carries a voting weight equal to ten (10) Common Shares and 40,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class C Common Stock
	to UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (“UBI"), a Hong Kong company, in exchange for $200,000. These shares were issued in
	reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act") and were issued under
	Regulation S to one (1) foreign entity who attested it is an accredited investor who is not a citizen nor a resident of the USA.


	 


	(f) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


	 


	We did not repurchase any of our equity securities
	during the years ended August 31, 2016 or August 31, 2015.


	 


	Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
	Condition and Results of Operations.


	 



	Overview of Current Operations



	 


	This section includes a number of forward-looking
	statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are
	often identified by words like believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or words which,
	by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
	statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions.
	The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere
	in this Prospectus. The discussion of results, causes and trends should not be construed to imply any conclusion that these results
	or trends will necessarily continue into the future.



	 



	 


	 


	 


	26


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 



	Results of Operations for the year ended
	August 31, 2016 versus the year ended August 31, 2015 and for the Quarter ending November 30, 2016.




	 




	Expenses



	 


	During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016,
	the Company had total operating expenses of $13,079, as compared to total operating expenses of $32,948 for the same period in
	2015, a decrease of $19,869 or 60.3%. The decrease in expenses represented decreases in general and administrative expenses from
	the same period last year. For the three month period ended November 30, 2016, the Company had total operating expenses of $75,869,
	as compared to total operating expenses of $13,256 for the same period in 2015. The increase operating expenses were a result of
	$25,000 in consulting fees and $31,369 in professional fees.



	 




	Other income and expenses



	 


	On October 15, 2014, as part of an Irrevocable
	Asset and Liability Exchange Agreement (the “Agreement”) Mr. James Lusk (the largest debtor of JA Energy and its former
	CEO) agreed to transfer as of March 31, 2014, all assets and liabilities from JA Energy to the Subsidiary to the extent legally
	assignable. During the year ended August 31, 2015 an asset with a book value of $9,340, net of depreciation, and liabilities totaling
	$628,210 were transferred to Peak Energy Holdings. This transfer resulted in other income of $618,870 for the year ended August
	31, 2015.


	 


	On October 27, 2014 the Company entered into
	an agreement with two former employees, one of whom was a former director of the Company, whereby all parties agreed to release
	and hold harmless from any liabilities that existed prior to the date of the agreement. The result of this agreement was the forgiveness
	of this debt by the former employees of $38,186 in compensation owed to the employees which was recognized as other income during
	the year ended August 31, 2015. Also, during the year ended August 31, 2015 the company recognized a gain of $21,122 related to
	the forgiveness of two other payables. As a result, the Company recognized a gain of $59,308 related to the forgiveness of accounts
	payable.


	 


	For the year ended August 31, 2015 the company
	recognized interest expense of $5,833 related to Notes Payable to the Company’s former CEO.


	 


	For year ended August 31, 2016 the Company
	had no other income or expense.


	 



	Net loss



	 


	Based on the foregoing the Company had a net
	loss of $13,079 for the year ended August 31, 2016 compared to income of $639,397 for the same period in 2015. For the three month
	period ended November 30, 2016 the Company had a net loss of $75,297 as compared to a net loss of $13,256 for the same period last
	year.


	 


	 


	27


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 



	Plan of Operation



	 


	Management does not believe that the Company
	will be able to generate any significant profit during the coming year. The Company's need for capital may change dramatically
	if it can generate additional revenues from its operations. There are no assurances additional capital will be available to the
	Company on acceptable terms.


	 


	Future funding could result in potentially
	dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to
	goodwill and other intangible assets, which could materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations and
	financial condition. Any future acquisitions of other businesses, technologies, services or product(s) might require the Company
	to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which might not be available on terms favorable to the Company, or at all, and such
	financing, if available, might be dilutive.


	 



	Going Concern



	 


	The Company has an accumulated deficit since
	inception of $4,554,259. The Company has not generated any meaningful revenues to date, and its ability to continue as a going
	concern is contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing arrangements and its ability to achieve and maintain
	profitable operations. Management plans to raise equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements of the Company.
	In October 2016, there was a change in control of the Company.


	 


	These conditions raise substantial doubt about
	the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
	recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from
	the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 



	Liquidity and Capital Resources



	 


	As of August 31, 2016, the Company had no assets
	but had current liabilities of $146,602.


	 


	The Company has limited financial resources
	available, which has had an adverse impact on the Company's liquidity, activities and operations. These limitations have adversely
	affected the Company's ability to obtain certain projects and pursue additional business. The ability to raise necessary financing
	will depend on many factors, including the nature and prospects of any business to be acquired and the economic and market conditions
	prevailing at the time financing is sought. No assurances can be given that any necessary financing can be obtained on terms favorable
	to the Company, or at all.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	28


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 



	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements



	 


	We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
	that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
	revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.


	 



	New Accounting Standards



	 


	Management has evaluated recently issued accounting
	pronouncements through August 31, 2016 and concluded that they will not have a material effect on future financial statements.


	 



	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
	about Market Risk.



	 


	Not applicable.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	29


	 



	 



	 



	 


	Director, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance.


	 


	The following table sets forth certain information
	regarding our current director and executive officer. Our executive officers serve one-year terms. Set forth below are the names,
	ages and present principal occupations or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past
	five years of our current director and executive officer.


	 


	 	






	Name


	Age


	Position & Offices Held




	 


	 


	 




	Tony Liu


	63


	Chairman of the Board and CEO




	Chan Cheung


	60


	CFO, Corporate Secretary and Director




	Jun Min


	57


	Director





	Cosimo J. Patti


	66


	Director




	 


	All of the above Directors and Officers were
	appointed to their positions on January 3, 2017.


	 


	Set forth below is a brief description of the
	background and business experience of our officers and directors.


	 



	Tony Liu, Chairman of the Board and CEO.



	 


	Mr. Tony Liu brings a great deal of management
	experience to UBI. He has been Chairman of Hong Kong Silver Union Group Co., Ltd., since May, 2009. He is also a limited partner
	of Shenzhen Zhu Mao Investment Enterprise since July, 2015.


	 



	Chan Cheung, Director, Chief Financial Officer
	and Corporate Secretary



	 


	Mr. Chan Cheung brings to the management team
	over 30 years of financial and accounting experience in banking, finance, and management, before joining the Company. Mr. Chan
	was CFO, Chief Compliance Officer, and corporate secretary of Neo-Neon Holdings Ltd. (1868.HK). He obtained a BS degree from Chinese
	University of Hong Kong in 1983, he is member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and Association of Chartered
	Certified Accountants.


	 


	 



	Jun Min, Director



	 


	Mr. Jun Min has worked in the position of manager
	at Sanleyuan Group, in Hong Kong since 1993. He has a BA Degree from Zhongyang Broadcast TV University.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	30


	 



	 



	 





	 


	 



	Cosimo J. Patti,
	Director



	 


	Mr. Cosimo Patti brings
	to the Company over 50-years in the financial services industry, where is worked in a variety of senior level positions.

	Mr.
	Patti was the President and Chairman of Technology Integration Group, Inc. D/B/A FSI Advisors Group, a global Financial Services
	(Bulletin Board listed TING) consulting organization from 1999 to 2005. In May 2009, Mr. Patti was appointed to the Board of Directors
	of China XD Plastics Company Limited (NASDAQ:CXDC), a company engaged in the development, manufacturing, and distribution of modified
	plastics primarily for use in automotive applications. In June 2007, Mr. Patti joined the Board of Directors of Advanced Battery
	Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABAT). He was the Director of Strategic Cross-border Business with Cedel Bank from 1996 to 1999. Since
	1986, Mr. Patti has served as an appointed arbitrator to the New York Stock Exchange and the National Association of Securities
	Dealers adjudicating cases involving client disputes and improprieties. Mr. Patti attended Brooklyn College.



	 


	Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
	Compliance




	 




	Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
	of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), requires our executive officer and director, and persons who beneficially own
	more than ten percent of our common stock, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC.
	Executive officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with
	copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based upon a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations
	from our executive officer and director, we believe that as of the date of this report they were not current in his 16(a) reports.


	 



	Board of Directors



	 


	Our board of directors currently consists of
	four members. Our directors serve one-year terms.


	 



	Audit Committee



	 


	The company does not presently have an Audit
	Committee. No qualified financial expert has been hired because the company is too small to afford such expense.


	 



	Code of Ethics



	 


	We have not adopted a Code of Ethics for the
	Board and any salaried employees.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	31


	 



	 



	 



	 


	 



	Committees
	and Procedures



	 







	(1)




	The registrant has no standing audit, nominating and compensation
	committees of the Board of Directors, or committees performing similar functions. The Board acts itself in lieu of committees due
	to its small size.





	 







	(2)




	The view of the Board of Directors is that it is appropriate for
	the registrant not to have such a committee because its directors participate in the consideration of director nominees and the
	Board and the Company are so small.





	 







	(3)




	The members of the Board who acts as nominating committee is not
	independent, pursuant to the definition of independence of a national securities exchange registered pursuant to section 6(a) of
	the Act (15 U.S.C. 78f(a)).





	 







	(4)




	The nominating committee has no policy with regard to the consideration
	of any director candidates recommended by security holders, but the committee will consider director candidates recommended by
	security holders.





	 







	(5)




	The basis for the view of the board of directors that it is appropriate
	for the registrant not to have such a policy is that there is no need to adopt a policy for a small company.





	 







	(6)




	The nominating committee will consider candidates recommended by
	security holders, and by security holders in submitting such recommendations.





	 







	(7)




	There are no specific, minimum qualifications that the nominating
	committee believes must be met by a nominee recommended by security holders except to find anyone willing to serve with a clean
	background.





	 







	(8)




	The nominating committee's process for identifying and evaluation
	of nominees for director, including nominees recommended by security holders, is to find qualified persons willing to serve with
	a clean backgrounds. There are no differences in the manner in which the nominating committee evaluates nominees for director based
	on whether the nominee is recommended by a security holder, or found by the board.





	 



	Limitation
	of Liability of Directors



	 



	To the
	fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, no director of the corporation shall


	be personally
	liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary


	duty
	as a director. Without limiting the effect of the preceding sentence, if the Delaware General Corporation Law


	is
	hereafter amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of a director, then the


	liability
	of a director of the corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware

	General
	Corporation Law, as so amended.



	 




	 



	32



	 




	 




	 



	 






	 




	Executive Compensation



	 


	The following table sets forth certain compensation
	information for: (i) each person who served as the chief executive officer of our company at any time during the years ended August
	31, 2016 and 2015, regardless of compensation level, and (ii) each of our other executive officers, other than the chief executive
	officer, serving as an executive officer at any time during 2015-2016. Compensation information is shown for fiscal years 2016
	and 2015.


	 





	Compensation Table



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	Year


	 


	 


	 


	Compen-


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	Principal


	Ending


	Salary


	Bonus


	Awards


	sation


	Total


	 




	Name


	Position


	Aug 31

	,



	($)


	($)


	($)


	($)


	($)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Barry Hall


	CEO/CFO/Director


	2016


	0


	0


	0


	0


	0


	 




	 



	Appointed: Aug 30, 2013


	Resigned: Jan. 3, 2017



	 


	2015


	0


	0


	0


	0


	0


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Frank Arnone


	 


	 


	 Secretary/Director


	2016


	0


	0


	0


	0


	0


	 





	Appointed: Apr 10, 2014


	Resigned: Jan. 3, 2017



	 


	 


	 


	2015


	0


	0


	0


	0


	0


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 


	We do not have any long-term compensation plans or stock option
	plans.


	 



	Stock Option Grants



	 


	We did not grant any stock options to the executive officer or director
	from inception through the year ended August 31, 2017, nor through the interim period ending April 10, 2017.


	 



	Outstanding Equity Awards



	 


	We did not have any outstanding equity awards as of the year ended
	August 31, 2017, nor through the interim period ending April 10, 2017. 



	Option Exercises



	 


	There were no options exercised by our named
	executive officers in the year ended August 31, 2017, nor through the interim period ending April 10, 2017.


	 



	Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control



	 


	We have not entered into any compensatory plans
	or arrangements with respect to our named executive officers, which would in any way result in payments to such officers because
	of his/her resignation, retirement, or other termination of employment with us, or any change in control of, or a change in his/her
	responsibilities following a change in control.


	 


	33


	 


	 



	 



	 





	 



	Director Compensation



	 


	We did not pay our directors any compensation
	during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015.



	 




	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
	Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.



	 


	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management


	 


	The following table sets forth certain information
	with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 10, 2017, for: a) each stockholder known by us to be the
	beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock; b) each of our directors;
	c) each of our named executive officers; and d) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. We have determined beneficial
	ownership in accordance with the rules of the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as indicated by the footnotes below,
	we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the following table have sole voting
	and investment power with respect to all shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock that they beneficially own. Applicable
	percentage ownership is based on 30,217,046 shares of Class A common stock and 6,000,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding
	at April 10, 2017 for a total 36,217,045 common shares. With the exception of Class B shares, that can convert on a 1-for-1 basis
	for fully paid and nonassessable Class A Common Stock, at the option of the holder at any time upon written notice to the Company
	and its authorized transfer agent, we do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible
	into shares of our common stock.


	 






	Shares Beneficially Owned


	 



	% of Total

	Voting

	Power

	(1)




	 


	 




	 


	 


	Class A Common


	 


	Class B Common


	 


	 


	 




	Name of Beneficial Owner


	 


	Shares


	 


	%


	 


	Voting Shares


	 


	%


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Named Executive Officers and Directors:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Tony Liu (2)


	Chairman of the Board & CEO



	 



	 


	30,000,000



	 


	 



	 


	99.3%



	 


	 



	 


	60,000,000



	100%


	 


	 


	 


	 99.8%


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Chan Cheung (3)


	Director, CFO, Corporate Secretary



	 



	 


	0



	 


	 


	     0.0%


	 


	 


	0


	0.0% 


	 


	 


	 


	      0.0%


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Jun Min


	Director



	 



	 


	0



	 


	 


	     0.0%


	 


	 



	 


	0



	0.0% 


	 


	 


	 


	      0.0%


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Cosimo J. Patti(4)


	Director



	 



	 


	0



	 


	 


	     0.0%


	 


	 



	 


	0



	0.0% 


	 


	 


	 


	      0.0%


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons)


	 



	 


	30,000,000



	 


	 



	 


	99.3%



	 


	 



	 


	60,000,000



	100%


	 


	 


	 


	 99.8%


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 


	34


	 



	 



	 





	 


	(1) Percentage of total voting power represents
	voting power with respect to all shares of our Class A Common Stock (30,217,046 issued and outstanding) and Class B Voting stock
	(6,000,000 shares issued and outstanding), as a single class. The holder of our Class B Voting Stock is entitled to ten votes per
	share, and holders of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. The 6,000,000 Class B shares have voting rights
	equal to 60,000,000 common shares. Percentage of Total Voting Power is calculated based on an aggregate of 90,217,046 (30,217,046
	Class A Common + 60,000,000 Class B Voting Common) shares issued and outstanding.


	 


	2) Tony Liu Tony Liu is the beneficial owner
	who

	exercises the sole voting and

	dispositive powers with respect to the shares owned
	and has the ultimate voting control over the shares held in the name of UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD, a Hong Kong Company, Smart-Space
	3F, Level 9, Cyberport 3, 100 Cyberport Road, Hong Kong, People's Republic of China. This entity owns 30,000,000 Class A Common
	shares, 6,000,000 Class B Voting Shares, where each Class B share carries the vote of ten (10) Class A Shares, and 40,000,000 non
	voting Class C Common Shares.


	 


	3)

	Chan Cheung
	owns 100,000

	non voting Class C Common Shares.


	 


	4)

	Cosimo J.
	Patti owns 500,000

	non voting Class C Common Shares.



	 



	We believe that all persons named have full voting and investment
	power with respect to the shares indicated, unless otherwise noted in the table. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange
	Commission, a person (or group of persons) is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if he or she, directly
	or indirectly, has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct
	the disposition of such security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security.
	A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such
	as options or warrants to purchase our common stock.



	 




	Change of Control



	 


	On October 3, 2016, the Company issued 30,000,000
	unregistered restricted Class A Common Stock and 6,000,000 unregistered restricted Class B Voting Stock, which carries a voting
	weight equal to ten (10) Common Shares from its treasury to UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD, a Hong Kong Company. As a result, UBI
	Blockchain Internet, LTD now has the voting power of approximately 99.8% of the Company's stock.


	 




	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
	and Director Independence.




	 



	Transactions with related persons, promoters
	and certain control persons.



	 


	The Company's largest shareholder is UBI Blockchain
	Internet, LTD, a Hong Kong Company that has the voting power of approximately 99.8% of the Company's stock. This entity is beneficially
	owned and controlled by Tony Liu, the new Chairman of the Board and CEO of the Company.


	 



	Director Independence



	 


	As the Company is quoted on the OTC-QB and
	it is not subject to any director independence requirements.


	 


	35




	 



	 



	 



	 







	August, 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 Audited
	Financials



	 






	 


	UBI
	Blockchain Internet, Ltd.



	formerly known as JA Energy





	Balance Sheets




	(Audited)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	August 31,


	 


	 


	August 31,


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Total assets


	 


	 $


	                               -  


	 


	 $


	                               -  


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Current liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Accounts payable and accrued liabilities


	 


	 $


	                       68,419


	 


	 $


	                       68,275


	 




	 


	Advances from stockholder


	 


	 


	                       26,981


	 


	 


	                       14,046


	 




	 


	Bank overdraft


	 


	 


	                         1,202


	 


	 


	                         1,202


	 




	 


	Note payable - related party


	 


	 


	                       50,000


	 


	 


	                       50,000


	 




	 


	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	                     146,602


	 


	 


	                     133,523


	 




	 


	Total liabilities


	 


	 


	                     146,602


	 


	 


	                     133,523


	 




	 


	Stockholders' deficit


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 5,000,000


	shares authorized 1,000,000 shares issued



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	and outstanding as of August 31, 2016 and


	August 31, 2015



	 


	 


	1,000


	 


	 


	1,000


	 




	 



	 


	Common stock, $0.001 par value, 



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	70,000,000 shares authorized, 217,046


	Shares issued and outstanding as of



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015


	 


	 


	217


	 


	 


	217


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	                  4,315,919


	 


	 


	                  4,315,919


	 




	 


	Stock subscription payable


	 


	 


	                       90,521


	 


	 


	                       90,521


	 




	 


	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	                (4,554,259)


	 


	 


	                (4,541,180)


	 




	 


	Total stockholders' deficit


	 


	 


	                   (146,602)


	 


	 


	                   (133,523)


	 




	 


	Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit


	 


	 $


	                               -  


	 


	 $


	                               -  


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




	 




	F-1a



	 



	 



	 


	 





	UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.


	formerly known as JA Energy





	Statements of Operations




	(Audited)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	For the year


	 


	 


	For the year


	 




	 


	 


	 


	ended


	 


	 


	ended


	 




	 


	 


	 


	August 31, 2016


	 


	 


	August 31, 2015


	 




	 


	Operating expenses:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	General and administrative


	 $


	                      13,079


	 


	 $


	                      32,948


	 




	 


	Total operating expenses


	 


	                      13,079


	 


	 


	                      32,948


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Other income (expenses):


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Forgiveness of accounts


	payable



	 


	                              -  


	 


	 


	                      59,308


	 




	 



	Transfer of assets and


	liabilities to spin-off


	company (Note 4)



	 


	 


	 


	 


	                    618,870


	 




	 


	Interest expense


	 


	                              -  


	 


	 


	                      (5,833)


	 




	 


	Total other income (expenses)


	 


	                              -  


	 


	 


	                    672,345


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Net income (loss)


	 $


	                     (13,079)


	 


	 $


	                    639,397


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Basic earnings (loss) per share


	 $


	                         (0.06)


	 


	 $


	                          2.95


	 




	 


	Diluted earnings (loss) per share


	 $


	                         (0.06)


	 


	 $


	                          2.95


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Weighted average number of common 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	shares outstanding - basic


	 


	                    217,046


	 


	 


	                    217,046


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Weighted average number of common 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	shares outstanding - diluted


	 


	                    217,046


	 


	 


	                    217,046


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




	 




	F-2a



	 



	 



	 




	UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd., formerly known as JA Energy




	Statements of Stockholders' Deficit




	(Audited)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Additional


	 


	Stock


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Preferred Stock


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	Paid in


	 


	Subscription


	 


	Accumulated


	 


	Stockholders'


	 




	 


	 


	Shares


	 


	Amount


	 


	Shares


	 


	Amount


	 


	Capital


	 


	Payable


	 


	Deficit


	 


	Deficit


	 




	 


	BALANCE, AUGUST 31, 2014


	        100,000


	 


	$1,000


	 


	          217,046


	 


	            $217


	 


	$4,315,919


	 


	        $90,521


	 


	     $(5,180,577)


	 


	         $(772,920)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	   Net income


	                   -


	 


	                   -


	 


	                     -


	 


	                   -


	 


	                      -


	 


	                    -


	 


	            639,397


	 


	              639,397


	 




	 


	BALANCE, AUGUST 31, 2015


	        100,000


	 


	            1,000


	 


	          217,046


	 


	               217


	 


	        4,315,919


	 


	           90,521


	 


	        (4,541,180)


	 


	            (133,523)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	   Net loss


	                   -


	 


	                   -


	 


	                     -


	 


	                   -


	 


	                      -


	 


	                    -


	 


	             (13,079)


	 


	              (13,079)


	 




	 


	BALANCE, AUGUST 31, 2016


	        100,000


	 


	         $1,000


	 


	          217,046


	 


	             $217


	 


	  $4,315,919


	 



	 


	$90,521



	 


	     $(4,554,259)


	 



	 


	$(146,602)



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated  financial statements.




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-3a


	 



	 



	 



	 


	 


	 


	 







	UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.


	formerly known as JA Energy





	Statements of Cash Flows




	(Audited)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	For the year


	 


	 


	For the year


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	ended


	 


	 


	ended


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	August 31, 2016


	 


	 


	August 31, 2015


	 




	 


	OPERATING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Net income (loss)


	 


	 $


	                  (13,079)


	 


	 $


	                 639,397


	 




	 


	Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	    to net cash used by operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	    Write-off of intangible assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	          spin-off, net (note 4)


	 


	 


	                             -


	 


	 


	               (613,036)


	 




	 


	    Forgiveness of accounts payable


	 


	 


	                             -


	 


	 


	                 (59,308)


	 




	 


	    Depreciation expense


	 


	 


	                             -


	 


	 


	                        599


	 




	 


	Changes in operating assets and liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	   Accounts payable and accrued expense


	 


	 


	                         144


	 


	 


	                   18,302


	 




	 


	Net cash used by operating activities


	 


	 


	                  (12,935)


	 


	 


	                 (14,046)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	FINANCING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Advances from stockholder


	 


	 


	                    12,935


	 


	 


	                   14,046


	 




	 


	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	                    12,935


	 


	 


	                   14,046


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	NET CHANGE IN CASH


	 


	 


	                             -


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	BEGINNING OF PERIOD


	 


	 


	                             -


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	END OF PERIOD


	 


	 $


	                             -


	 


	 $


	                            -


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated  financial statements.




	 


	 


	 


	F-4a



	 



	 



	 


	 


	 



	UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd., formerly
	known as JA Energy





	Notes to Financial Statements





	Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015



	 


	NOTE 1 – ABOUT THE COMPANY


	 


	The Company was organized August 26, 2010 (Date
	of Inception) under the laws of the State of Nevada, as JA Energy. The Company was incorporated as a subsidiary of Reshoot Production
	Company, a Nevada corporation. Reshoot Production Company was incorporated October 31, 2007, and, at the time of spin off was listed
	on the Over-the- Counter Bulletin Board.


	 


	On September 30, 2014, the Board of Directors
	passed a resolution to form a new company called Peak Energy Holdings (Peak) with each shareholder in the Company receiving one
	share of common of Peak for each share of common stock in the Company and one share of preferred stock of Peak for each share of
	preferred share of the Company.


	 


	On November 9, 2014, the Company entered into
	an Irrevocable Asset and Liability Exchange Agreement (the “Agreement”). The Agreement dealt with the dividend spin-off
	JA Energy's wholly owned subsidiary, Peak Energy Holdings. At the JA Energy annual shareholder meeting, held on September 30, 2014,
	the shareholders of the Company approved the transfer of all of the assets and liabilities of the Parent into a wholly owned subsidiary.
	The subsidiary had the same characteristics and number of authorized and issued shares as the Parent, whereby all Preferred and
	Common shareholders in the Parent received a pro-rata stock dividend in the subsidiary that is equal to the number of shares they
	owned in the Parent on a one-for-one (1:1) basis. The major shareholders of the Company entered into a separate agreement with
	regards to the dividend spin-off. They agreed to and put into effect the following points upon the dividend spin-off of the Peak
	Energy Holdings from JA Energy:







	·




	Mr. James Lusk (the largest debtor of UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.,
	formerly known as JA Energy) transferred all assets and liabilities, as of March 31, 2014, from JA Energy to the Subsidiary to
	the extent legally assignable.





	 







	·




	Two of the major shareholders in JA Energy transferred all ownership
	of their Preferred and Common stock held in the subsidiary to Mr. James Lusk.





	 







	·




	Mr. James Lusk transferred all of the common stock ownership he owned
	and controlled in JA Energy to the major shareholders.





	 







	·




	Mr. James Lusk provided a notarized signed letter addressed to the Company
	and auditor that he agreed to transfer all assets and liabilities, as of March 31, 2014, from the Parent to the Subsidiary to the
	extent legally assignable.





	 







	·




	JA Energy warranted that any new liabilities incurred on the books of
	JA Energy after April 1, 2014 would not be transferred to the subsidiary.





	 







	·




	JA Energy represented and warranted that there were no liabilities,
	actual or contingent, created in the subsidiary. Prior to the effective time of the transfer, the subsidiary would have no assets
	nor liabilities.





	 







	·




	JA Energy warranted that since April 1, 2014, with the exception of
	the Preferred voting shares, no other shares were issued, awarded or pledged to be issued. The number of common shares issued and
	outstanding in JA Energy at March 31, 2014 were the same number of the shares issued at the date of transfer.





	 







	·




	Upon the completion of the transfer of assets and liabilities, shares
	were exchanged and the subsidiary was divested from JA Energy and now operates independent as a separate entity of JA Energy with
	its own management;





	F-5a







	 



	 



	 


	 







	·




	Mr. James Lusk took control of Peak Energy Holdings, independent of
	JA Energy.





	 







	·




	All Parties indemnified and held harmless the other Parties from and
	against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, resulting or arising from these transactions





	The Agreement did not affect any other
	shareholders in the Company who maintained their share ownership of JA Energy, and have pro-rata ownership in Peak Energy Holdings
	following the dividend spin-off.


	 


	On November 21, 2016, the Company reincorporated
	in Delaware under the name UBI Blockchain Internet LTD.


	 


	NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN


	 


	These financial statements have been prepared
	in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of
	assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit
	since inception of $4,506,809. The Company has not generated any meaningful revenues to date, and its ability to continue as a
	going concern is contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing arrangements and its ability to achieve and
	maintain profitable operations. Management plans to raise equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements of the
	Company. In October 2016 (see Note 12), there was a change in control of the Company.


	 


	These conditions raise substantial doubt about
	the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
	recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from
	the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 


	 


	NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


	 


	The relevant accounting policies are listed below.


	 



	Basis of Accounting



	The basis is United States generally accepted accounting principles.


	 



	Earnings per Share.



	The basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated
	by dividing the Company's net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued
	and outstanding during the year. The diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net income (loss)
	available to common


	shareholders by the diluted weighted average
	number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number
	of shares adjusted as of the first of the year for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. 


	 



	Cash and Cash Equivalents



	The Company considers all short-term investments
	with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents.


	 



	Use of Estimates



	In preparing financial statements in conformity
	with generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
	amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
	and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


	 


	F-6a



	 



	 



	 


	 



	Income Taxes



	The provision for income taxes is the total
	of the current taxes payable and the net of the change in the deferred income taxes. Provision is made for the deferred income
	taxes where differences exist between the period in which transactions affect current taxable income and the period in which they
	enter into the determination of net income in the financial statements.


	 



	Revenue recognition



	The Company recognizes revenue from product
	sales once all the following criteria for revenue recognition have been met: pervasive evidence that an agreement exists; the services
	have been rendered; the fee is fixed and determinable and not subject to refund or adjustment; and collection of the amount due
	is reasonably assured. For the periods presented, the Company had no revenues.


	 



	Year end



	The Company's fiscal year-end is August 31.


	 



	Reverse Stock Split



	All references to
	numbers of shares of our common stock and per-share information in the accompanying financial statements have been adjusted retroactively
	to reflect the Company’s 1-for- 200 reverse stock split effected on January 20, 2016. The par value was not adjusted as a
	result of the reverse stock split.


	 


	 



	Recent Accounting Pronouncements



	The Company’s management has evaluated
	recently issued accounting pronouncements through August 31, 2016 and concluded that they will not have a material effect on future
	financial statements.


	 


	 NOTE 4 – TRANSFER OF ASSETS AND
	LIABILITIES TO PEAK ENERGY HOLDINGS


	 


	In accordance with the Agreement described
	in Note 1 to these financial statements, during the year ended August 31, 2015 certain assets with a book value of $9,340, net
	of depreciation, and liabilities totaling $628,210 were transferred to Peak Energy Holdings. This transfer resulted in other income
	of $618,870. In addition to the $628,210 liabilities transferred to Peak, approximately $68,090 of additional liabilities as of
	March 31, 2014 not legally assignable to Peak without the consent of the respective debtors were the responsibility of Peak under
	the Agreement. As of August 31, 2016 and 2015, accounts payable and accrued liabilities include liabilities that are the responsibility
	of Peak totaling $57,451 and $57,451, respectively. The Company will contest any request for payment of any of these pre-Agreement
	liabilities.


	 


	 


	NOTE 5 - STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT


	 


	At August 31, 2016, the Company was authorized
	to issue 70,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock and 5,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value preferred stock. On
	November 21, 2016 (see Note 12), the Company changed its authorized capital stock.


	 


	During the year ended August 31, 2012, the
	Company committed to issue a total of approximately 1,390 shares of common stock to various parties for services rendered or other
	consideration valued at a total of $90,521 based on the prevailing trading price of the Company’s common stock at the dates
	of the respective commitments. The related expenses were recorded in the year ended August 31, 2012 but the shares have never been
	issued.


	 


	F-7a



	 



	 



	 


	 


	NOTE 6 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


	 


	On October 15, 2014, a total amount of $617,475
	owed to the former CEO was transferred to Peak Energy Holding, in accordance with the agreement described in Note 1 to these financial
	statements. Included in this amount were notes payable and accrued interest of $605,980, unpaid consulting fees of $9,550 and advances
	of $1,945.


	 


	As of August 31, 2016, the Company was obligated
	to Mr. Mark DeStefano (“DeStefano”) for a $50,000 note payable and $26,981 for payments made on behalf of the Company.
	DeStefano had voting control of the Company from June 2014 (see Note 8) to October 24, 2016 (see Note 12) through his ownership
	of the 1,000,000 shares of Voting Preferred Stock issued and outstanding (equivalent to 50,000,000 votes).


	 


	 


	NOTE 7 - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES


	 


	The Company accounts for income taxes under
	FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC 740 “Income Taxes”. ASC 740 requires use of the liability method. ASC 740
	provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
	and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes, referred to as temporary differences. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
	at the end of each period are determined using the currently enacted tax rates applied to taxable income in the periods in which
	the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be settled or realized.


	 


	As of August 31, 2016, the Company had net
	operating loss carry forwards of approximately $1,021,745 that may be available to reduce future years’ taxable income through
	2035. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as
	their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred
	tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. Net operating losses will begin to expire in 2031.


	 


	Components of net deferred tax assets, including a valuation allowance,
	are as follows at August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015:


	 






	 



	August 31,


	2016



	August 31, 2015




	Deferred tax assets:


	 


	 




	Net operating loss carry forward


	$ 1,021,745


	$ 1,008,666




	 


	 


	 




	Total deferred taxes


	$    357,611


	$   353,033




	Less:  valuation allowance


	(357,611)


	(353,033)




	Net deferred tax assets


	$            -


	$          -





	 


	The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets
	as of August 31, 2016 was $357,611, as compared to $353,033 as of August 31, 2015. In assessing the recovery of the deferred tax
	assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
	realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods
	in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax assets,
	projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As a result, management determined it was
	more likely than not the deferred tax assets would not be realized as of May 31, 2016 and May 31, 2015.


	 


	F-8a




	 


	 


	The provision for income taxes differs from
	the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes. The sources
	and tax effects of the differences are as follows:


	 


	 







	 


	 



	U.S federal statutory rate


	35.0%




	 


	Valuation reserve


	(35.0%)




	 


	Total


	0.0 %





	 


	 


	Current United States income tax laws limit
	the amount of loss available to be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Therefore,
	the amount available to offset future taxable income may be limited.


	 


	NOTE 8 - NOTES PAYABLE – Related Party


	 


	On April 4, 2014, the Company issued a One-year
	Promissory Note (“the Note”) in the amount of $50,000 to Mark DeStefano (“DeStefano") (see Note 6). The
	Note bore interest at 12% percent per annum with interest due each month. In the event that interest was not paid within three
	days from the time it was due, the Note was to be considered in default and was to be fully due and payable. Additional consideration
	for the Note included the Chief Executive Officer of the Company giving the note holder his voting proxy for all of the shares
	he held with the exception of voting on a tender offer or a sale of the Company’s assets. As of May 8, 2014, the Note was
	in default.


	 


	On May 5, 2014, the Company issued a second
	One-Year Promissory Note (“the Second Note”) in the amount of $20,000 to the same stockholder noted above. The Second
	Note was issued with the restriction that the funds be used specifically to pay the Company’s Patent Counsel for fees to
	finalize certain patent filings and was secured by all patents, and patent applications held by the Company. The Second Note was
	to bear interest at 12% percent per annum with interest due each month. In the event that interest was not paid within three days
	from the time it was due the Second Note would be considered in default and would be fully due and payable.


	 


	On June 6, 2014, the Company received notices
	that it was in default of the two Promissory Notes described above. Rather than default on the Notes the Company issued 1,000,000
	shares of $0.001 par value Voting Preferred Stock in exchange for Notes Payable totaling $20,000 plus forgiveness of interest totaling
	$1,900. Additionally, the Company agreed to designate with the State of Nevada Secretary of State that each share of preferred
	carries the voting power of 50 common shares. Finally, the shareholder agreed to cancel the shares upon full payment of the $50,000
	Note, without accrued interest and the sale of five units of the MDU.


	 


	In October 2016 (see Note 12), the $50,000
	note payable was satisfied.


	 


	NOTE 9 – OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSE


	 


	As described in Note 4, during the year ended
	May 31, 2015 an asset with a book value of $9,340, net of depreciation, and liabilities totaling $628,210 were transferred to Peak
	Energy Holdings. This transfer resulted in other income of $618,870.


	 


	On October 27, 2014 the Company entered into
	an agreement with two former employees, one of whom was a former director of the Company, whereby all parties agreed to release
	and hold harmless from any liabilities that existed prior to the date of the agreement. The result of this agreement was the forgiveness
	by the former employees of $38,186 in compensation owed to the employees.


	 


	 


	F-9a



	 



	 



	 


	NOTE 10 – REVERSE STOCK SPLIT


	 


	On January 20, 2016, the Company effected a
	1-for-200 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Reverse Stock Split").
	As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each two hundred shares of the Company’s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
	prior to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically combined into and became one share of common stock. No fractional shares were
	issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split and any stockholder who otherwise would have been entitled to receive fractional
	shares and received an additional share. Also, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the per share exercise price of, and the
	number of shares of common stock underlying our warrants outstanding immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically
	proportionally adjusted based on the 1-for-200 split ratio in accordance with the terms of such warrants. Share and per-share amounts
	of the Company’s commons stock and warrants included herein have been adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split.
	The Reverse Stock Split did not alter the par value of the Common Stock, $0.001 per share, or modify any voting rights or other
	terms of the common stock.


	 


	NOTE 11 – EXCERCISABLE WARRANTS


	 


	On March 1, 2011, the Company received $15,000
	as a loan from a non-related third party. The loan was unsecured, payable on demand and non-interest bearing. Effective March 19,
	2013, the debt was exchanged for warrants to purchase up to 6,000 shares of common $.001 par value stock at $200 per share after
	March 19, 2014 and before March 19, 2017.


	 


	NOTE 12 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


	 


	 


	On September 15, 2016, the Company, with the
	approval of the Board of Directors agreed to issue (issued October 3, 2016) 30,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class
	A Common Stock, 6,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class B Voting Common Stock, which carries a voting weight equal to
	ten (10) Common Shares and 40,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class C Common Stock to UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (“UBI"),
	a Hong Kong company, in exchange for $200,000. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the
	Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act") and were issued under Regulation S to one (1) foreign entity who attested
	it is an accredited investor who is not a citizen nor a resident of the USA.


	 


	On September 26, 2016, pursuant to NRS 78.1955,
	the Board of Directors approved the filing of a Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State to designate Class
	A, B and C common shares, par value $0.001. Concurrently with the filing of this Certificate of Designation, all Common Stock issued
	and outstanding shall become Class A Common Stock. Class B Common Stock carries a voting weight equal to ten (10) Common Shares.
	The Class B shares can be converted into fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares, on a one-to-one basis, at the option of the
	holder at any time upon written notice to the Company and its authorized transfer agent. Class C Common Stock has no voting rights.
	Upon the conversion or other exchange of all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock into or for shares of Class A Common Stock,
	all shares of Class C Common Stock shall be automatically, without further action by any holder thereof, converted into an identical
	number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock on the date fixed therefor by the Board of Directors that
	is no less than sixty-one days and no more than one hundred and eighty days following such conversion or exchange.


	 


	Pursuant to the September 15, 2016 change in
	control agreement, a representative of UBI paid into an attorney trust account $150,000 on September 14, 2016 and $67,500 on October
	11, 2016, for a total of $217,500. The $217,500 consisted of $200,000 for the newly issued shares of Class A, Class B Voting, and
	Class C Common Stock and $17,500 for the payment of specific expenses.


	 


	F-10a



	 



	 



	 


	 


	In September and October 2016, a total of $175,557 was paid from
	the attorney trust account to:


	 




	 


	Mark DeStefano (in satisfaction of the $50,000


	 




	 


	 


	note payable and the $26,981 advances


	 


	 




	 


	 


	payable at August 31, 2016, and for the


	 


	 




	 


	 



	retirement of the 1,000,000 shares of Voting Preferred Stock owned
	by




	DeStefano




	$


	112,000




	 


	Finder for Finder's Fee


	 


	 


	 


	   20,000




	 


	Directors of the Company for services


	 


	   15,000




	 


	Entity controlled by DeStefano for services


	 


	   10,000




	 


	OTC Markets Group, Inc. for fees


	 


	   12,500




	 


	Auditor for audit fees


	 


	 


	 


	     5,000




	 


	Other


	 


	 


	 


	 


	     1,057




	 


	 


	Total


	 


	 


	 


	$


	 175,557




	 


	On November 21, 2016, the Company reincorporated in Delaware under
	the name UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. and increased the number of authorized shares from 75,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares consisting
	of 130,000,000 authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock and 64,000,000 authorized
	shares of Class C Common Stock.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-11a


	 



	 



	 



	 




	November 30, 2016 Reviewed Financials


	 





	UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd.


	(formerly JA Energy)



	 




	Balance Sheets


	 




	(Unaudited)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	November 30,


	 


	 


	August 31,


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2016


	 




	 


	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Prepaid expenses


	 


	 $


	                         9,000


	 


	 $


	                               -  


	 




	 


	Total assets


	 


	 $


	                         9,000


	 


	 $


	                               -  


	 




	 


	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Current liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Accounts payable and accrued liabilities


	 


	 $


	                       67,134


	 


	 $


	                       68,419


	 




	 


	Advances from stockholder


	 


	 


	                               -  


	 


	 


	                       26,981


	 




	 


	Bank overdraft


	 


	 


	                               -  


	 


	 


	                         1,202


	 




	 


	Note payable - related party


	 


	 


	                               -  


	 


	 


	                       50,000


	 




	 


	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	                       67,134


	 


	 


	                     146,602


	 




	 


	Total liabilities


	 


	 


	                       67,134


	 


	 


	                     146,602


	 




	 


	Stockholders' deficit


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 5,000,000


	shares authorized 0 and 1,000,000 shares



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	   issued and outstanding as of November 30


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	   2016 and August 31, 2016, respectively


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	1,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	                       


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Class A common stock, $0.001 par value, 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	130,000,000 shares authorized, 30,217,046


	and 217,046 shares issued and



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	outstanding as of November 30, 2016 and


	August 31, 2016 respectively



	 


	 


	                     30,217


	 


	 


	                            217


	 




	 


	Class B Common stock, $0.001 par value, 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	6,000,000 shares authorized, 6,000,000


	Shares issued and outstanding as of


	November 30, 2016



	 


	 


	6,000


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	                              


	 




	 


	Class C Common stock, $0.001 par value, 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	64,000,000 shares authorized, -0- shares


	issued and outstanding as of November 30,


	2016



	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	                4,444,684


	 


	 


	                4,315,919


	 




	 


	Stock subscription payable


	 


	 


	                       90,521


	 


	 


	                       90,521


	 




	 


	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	                (4,629,556)


	 


	 


	                (4,554,259)


	 




	 


	Total stockholders' deficit


	 


	 


	                     (58,134)


	 


	 


	                   (146,602)


	 




	 


	Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit


	 


	 


	                         9,000


	 


	 $


	                               -  


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


	 






	F-1b



	 



	 




	 






	UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd.


	(formerly JA Energy)





	Statements of Operations




	(Unaudited)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	For the three months


	 


	 


	For the three months


	 




	 


	 


	 


	ended


	 


	 


	ended


	 




	 


	 


	 


	November 30, 2016


	 


	 


	November 30, 2015


	 




	 


	Operating expenses:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	      Professional fees


	 $


	                      31,369


	 


	 $


	                              6,293 


	 




	 



	Consulting fees paid to


	related parties



	 


	                      25,000


	 


	 


	                              -  


	 




	 



	Other general and


	administrative



	 


	                      19,500


	 


	 


	                               6,963


	 




	 


	Total operating expenses


	 


	                      75,869


	 


	 


	                          13,256


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Other income (expenses):


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Gain on settlement of


	bank overdraft



	 


	                           572


	 


	 


	                              -  


	 




	 


	Total other income (expenses)


	 


	                           572


	 


	 


	                              -  


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Net income (loss)


	 $


	                     (75,297)


	 


	 $


	                    (13,256)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Basic earning (loss) per share


	 $


	                         (0.00)


	 


	 $


	                        (0.06)


	 




	 


	Diluted earnings (loss) per share


	 $


	                         (0.00)


	 


	 $


	                        (0.06)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Weighted average number of common 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	shares outstanding - basic


	 


	               30,464,249


	 


	 


	                    217,046


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Weighted average number of common 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	shares outstanding - diluted


	 


	               30,464,249


	 


	 


	                    217,046


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.






	F-2b



	 



	 



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd.


	(formerly JA Energy)





	Statements of Cash Flows




	(Unaudited)




	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	For the three months


	 


	 


	For the three months


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	ended


	 


	 


	ended


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	November 30, 2016


	 


	 


	November 30, 2015


	 




	 


	OPERATING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Net income (loss)


	 


	 $


	                  (75,297)


	 


	 $


	                 (13,256)


	 




	 


	Adjustments to reconcile net income  (loss)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	    to net cash used by operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	    Gain on settlement of bank overdraft


	 


	 


	                       (572)


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	Changes in operating assets and liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	   Prepaid expenses


	 


	 


	                    (9,000)


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	   Bank Overdraft


	 


	 


	                       (630)


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 



	Accounts payable and accrued


	liabilities



	 


	 


	                    (1,285)


	 


	 


	                   11,256


	 




	 


	Net cash used by operating activities


	 


	 


	                  (86,784)


	 


	 


	                   (2,000)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	FINANCING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Advances from stockholder


	 


	 


	                      1,285


	 


	 


	                     2,000


	 




	 


	Repayment of advances from stockholder


	 


	 


	                  (28,266)


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	Repayment of note payable - related party


	 


	 


	                  (50,000)


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	Buyback of preferred stock


	 


	 


	                  (33,735)


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	Proceeds from sale of common stock


	 


	 


	                  180,000


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	Contributed capital


	 


	 


	                  17,500


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	                    86,784


	 


	 


	                     2,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	NET CHANGE IN CASH


	 


	 


	                             -


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	BEGINNING OF PERIOD


	 


	 


	                             -


	 


	 


	                            -


	 




	 


	END OF PERIOD


	 


	 $


	                             -


	 


	 $


	                            -


	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these  financial statements.




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 




	 



	F-3b



	 




	 




	 



	 




	 




	UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd.




	(Formerly JA Energy)







	Notes to Financial Statements





	Three Months Ended November 30, 2016 and
	2015




	(Unaudited)



	 


	NOTE 1 – ABOUT THE COMPANY


	 


	The Company was organized August 26, 2010 (Date
	of Inception) under the laws of the State of Nevada, as JA Energy. The Company was incorporated as a subsidiary of Reshoot Production
	Company, a Nevada corporation. Reshoot Production Company was incorporated October 31, 2007, and, at the time of spin off was listed
	on the Over-the- Counter Bulletin Board. On November 21, 2016 the Company reincorporated in Delaware under the name UBI Blockchain
	Internet Ltd.


	 


	On September 30, 2014, the Board of Directors passed a resolution
	to form a new company called Peak Energy Holdings (Peak) with each shareholder in the Company receiving one share of common of
	Peak for each share of common stock in the Company and one share of preferred stock of Peak for each share of preferred share of
	the Company.


	 


	On November 9, 2014, JA Energy (the "Company") entered
	into an Irrevocable Asset and Liability Exchange Agreement (the “Agreement”). The Agreement dealt with the dividend
	spin-off JA Energy's wholly owned subsidiary, Peak Energy Holdings. At the JA Energy annual shareholder meeting, held on September
	30, 2014, the shareholders of the Company approved the transfer of all of the assets and liabilities of the Parent into a wholly
	owned subsidiary. The subsidiary had the same characteristics and number of authorized and issued shares as the Parent, whereby
	all Preferred and Common shareholders in the Parent received a pro-rata stock dividend in the subsidiary that is equal to the number
	of shares they owned in the Parent on a one-for-one (1:1) basis. The major shareholders of the Company entered into a separate
	agreement with regards to the dividend spin-off. They agreed to and put into effect the following points upon the dividend spin-off
	of the Peak Energy Holdings from JA Energy:


	 







	·




	Mr. James Lusk (the largest debtor of JA Energy) transferred all assets
	and liabilities, as of March 31, 2014, from JA Energy to the Subsidiary to the extent legally assignable.





	 







	·




	Two of the major shareholders in JA Energy transferred all ownership
	of their Preferred and Common stock held in the subsidiary to Mr. James Lusk.





	 







	·




	Mr. James Lusk transferred all of the common stock ownership he owned
	and controlled in JA Energy to the major shareholders.





	 







	·




	Mr. James Lusk provided a notarized signed letter addressed to the Company
	and auditor that he agreed to transfer all assets and liabilities, as of March 31, 2014, from the Parent to the Subsidiary to the
	extent legally assignable.





	 







	·




	JA Energy warranted that any new liabilities incurred on the books of
	JA Energy after April 1, 2014 would not be transferred to the subsidiary.





	 







	·




	JA Energy represented and warranted that there were no liabilities,
	actual or contingent, created in the subsidiary. Prior to the effective time of the transfer, the subsidiary would have no assets
	nor liabilities.





	 







	·




	JA Energy warranted that since April 1, 2014, with the exception of
	the Preferred voting shares, no other shares were issued, awarded or pledged to be issued. The number of common shares issued and
	outstanding in JA Energy at March 31, 2014 were the same number of the shares issued at the date of transfer.





	 


	F-4b



	 



	 




	 



	 


	 







	·




	Upon the completion of the transfer of assets and liabilities, shares
	were exchanged and the subsidiary was divested from JA Energy and now operates independent as a separate entity of JA Energy with
	its own management;





	 







	·




	Mr. James Lusk took control of Peak Energy Holdings, independent of
	JA Energy.





	 







	·




	All Parties indemnified and held harmless the other Parties from and
	against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, resulting or arising from these transactions





	The Agreement did not affect any other shareholders in the
	Company who maintained their share ownership of JA Energy, and have pro-rata ownership in Peak Energy Holdings following the dividend
	spin-off.


	On September 15, 2016, the Company, with the
	approval of the Board of Directors agreed to issue (issued October 7, 2016) 30,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class
	A Common Stock, 6,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class B Voting Common Stock, which carries a voting weight equal to
	ten (10) Common Shares, and 40,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class C Common Stock to UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (“UBI”),
	a Hong Kong company, in exchange for $200,000. On September 26, 2016, pursuant to NRS 78.1955, the Board of Directors approved
	the filing of a Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State to designate Class A, B and C common shares, par
	value $0.001. Concurrently with the filing of this Certificate of Designation, all Common Stock issued and outstanding shall become
	Class A Common Stock. Class B Common Stock carries a voting weight equal to ten (10) Common Shares. The Class B shares can be converted
	into fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares, on a one-to-one basis, at the option of the holder at any time upon written notice
	to the Company and its authorized transfer agent. Class C Common Stock has no voting rights. Upon the conversion or other exchange
	of all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock into or for shares of Class A Common Stock, all shares of Class C Common Stock
	shall be automatically, without further action by any holder thereof, converted into an identical number of fully paid and non-assessable
	shares of Class A Common Stock on the date fixed therefor by the Board of Directors that is no less than sixty-one days and no
	more than one hundred and eighty days following such conversion or exchange.


	 


	On October 7, 2016, the 30,000,000 Class A
	shares and 6,000,000 Class B shares were issued. On November 21, 2016, the Company reincorporated in Delaware under the name UBI
	Blockchain Internet LTD. and increased the number of authorized shares from 75,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares consisting of 130,000,000
	authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock and 64,000,000 authorized shares
	of Class C Common Stock. On December 9, 2016, 40,000,000 shares of Class C shares were issued. All of the preceding shares were
	issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act") and were
	issued under Regulation S to one (1) foreign entity who attested it is an accredited investor who is not a citizen nor a resident
	of the USA.


	 


	 


	NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN


	 


	These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
	generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
	of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit since inception of $4,629,556.
	The Company has not generated any meaningful revenues to date, and its ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon
	the successful completion of additional financing arrangements and its ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations. Management
	plans to raise equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements of the Company. As described above, there was a
	change in control of the Company in October 2016.


	F-5b


	 



	 



	 




	 



	 


	These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability
	to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
	of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 


	 


	NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


	 


	The relevant accounting policies are listed below.


	 



	Basis of Accounting



	The basis is United States generally accepted accounting principles.


	 



	Earnings per Share.



	The basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the
	Company's net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding
	during the year. The diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net income (loss) available to common


	shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
	during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted as of
	the first of the year for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. 


	 



	Cash and Cash Equivalents



	The Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity
	of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents.


	 



	Use of Estimates



	In preparing financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
	accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
	liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses
	during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


	 



	Income Taxes



	The provision for income taxes is the total of the current taxes
	payable and the net of the change in the deferred income taxes. Provision is made for the deferred income taxes where differences
	exist between the period in which transactions affect current taxable income and the period in which they enter into the determination
	of net income in the financial statements.


	 



	Revenue recognition



	The Company recognizes revenue from product sales once all the following
	criteria for revenue recognition have been met: pervasive evidence that an agreement exists; the services have been rendered; the
	fee is fixed and determinable and not subject to refund or adjustment; and collection of the amount due is reasonably assured.
	For the periods presented, the Company had no revenues.


	 



	Year end



	The Company's fiscal year-end is August 31.


	 



	Reverse Stock Split



	All references to numbers of shares of
	our common stock and per-share information in the accompanying financial statements have been adjusted retroactively to reflect
	the Company’s 1-for- 200 reverse stock split effected on January 20, 2016. The par value was not adjusted as a result of
	the reverse stock split.


	 



	Recent Accounting Pronouncements



	The Company’s management has evaluated recently issued accounting
	pronouncements through November 30, 2016 and concluded that they will not have a material effect on future financial statements.


	 


	F-6b



	 



	 




	 



	 


	 NOTE 4 – TRANSFER OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES TO PEAK
	ENERGY HOLDINGS


	 


	In accordance with the Agreement described in Note 1 to these financial
	statements, during the year ended August 31, 2015 certain assets with a book value of $9,340, net of depreciation, and liabilities
	totaling $628,210 were transferred to Peak Energy Holdings. This transfer resulted in other income of $618,870. In addition to
	the $628,210 liabilities transferred to Peak, approximately $68,090 of additional liabilities as of March 31, 2014 not legally
	assignable to Peak without the consent of the respective debtors were the responsibility of Peak under the Agreement. As of November
	30, 2016 and August 31, 2015, accounts payable and accrued liabilities include liabilities that are the responsibility of Peak
	totaling $55,406 and $57,541, respectively. The Company will contest any request for payment of any of these pre-Agreement liabilities.


	 


	NOTE 5 - STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT


	 


	The Company is authorized to issue 130,000,000
	shares of its $0.001 par value Class A common stock, 6,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value Class B common stock, 64,000,000
	shares of its $0.001 par value Class C common stock and 5,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value preferred stock.


	 


	Pursuant to the September 15, 2016 change in
	control agreement, a representative of UBI paid into an attorney trust account $150,000 on September 14, 2016 and $67,500 on October
	11, 2016, for a total of $217,500. The $217,500 consisted of $200,000 for the newly issued shares of Class A, Class B Voting, and
	Class C Common Stock and $17,500 for the payment of specific expenses.


	 


	During the year ended August 31, 2012, the
	Company committed to issue a total of approximately 1,390 shares of common stock to various parties for services rendered or other
	consideration valued at a total of $90,521 based on the prevailing trading price of the Company’s common stock at the dates
	of the respective commitments. The related expenses were recorded in the year ended August 31, 2012 but the shares have never been
	issued.


	 


	NOTE 6 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


	 


	As described in Note 8, the Company was obligated
	to Mr. Mark DeStefano (“DeStefano”) for a $50,000 note payable and $26,981 for payments made on behalf of the Company.
	Subsequently, Mr. DeStefano advanced $1,285 to the Company. During the three months ended November 30, 2016 the Company satisfied
	these obligations. DeStefano had voting control of the Company from June 2014 (see Note 8) to October 24, 2016 (see Note 12) through
	his ownership of the 1,000,000 shares of Voting Preferred Stock issued and outstanding (equivalent to 50,000,000 votes).


	 


	For the three months ended November 30, 2016,
	consulting fees paid to related parties consists of a total of $15,000 paid to the two then directors of the Company and $10,000
	paid to an entity controlled by DeStefano.


	 


	NOTE 7 - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES


	 


	The Company accounts for income taxes under
	FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC 740 “Income Taxes”. ASC 740 requires use of the liability method. ASC 740
	provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
	and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes, referred to as temporary differences. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
	at the end of each period are determined using the currently enacted tax rates applied to taxable income in the periods in which
	the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be settled or realized.


	 


	As of November 30, 2016, the Company had net
	operating loss carry forwards of approximately $1,097,042 that may be available to reduce future years’ taxable income through
	2036. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements as
	their realization has not been determined likely to occur. Also, due to the change in control, there are annual limitation on future
	net operating loss carry forward deductions.


	 


	F-7b



	 



	 




	 



	 


	NOTE 8 - NOTES PAYABLE – Related Party


	 


	On April 4, 2014, the Company issued a One-year
	Promissory Note (“the Note”) in the amount of $50,000 to Mark DeStefano (“DeStefano) (see Note 6). The Note bore
	interest at 12% percent per annum with interest due each month. In the event that interest was not paid within three days from
	the time it was due the Note was to be considered in default and was to be fully due and payable. Additional consideration for
	the Note included the Chief Executive Officer of the Company giving the note holder his voting proxy for all of the shares he held
	with the exception of voting on a tender offer or a sale of the Company’s assets. As of May 8, 2014, the Note was in default.


	 


	On May 5, 2014, the Company issued a second
	One-Year Promissory Note (“the Second Note”) in the amount of $20,000 to the same stockholder noted above. The Second
	Note was issued with the restriction that the funds be used specifically to pay the Company’s Patent Counsel for fees to
	finalize certain patent filings and was secured by all patents, and patent applications held by the Company. The Second Note was
	to bear interest at 12% percent per annum with interest due each month. In the event that interest was not paid within three days
	from the time it was due the Second Note would be considered in default and would be fully due and payable.


	 


	On June 6, 2014, the Company received notices
	that it was in default of the two Promissory Notes described above. Rather than default on the Notes the Company issued 1,000,000
	shares of $0.001 par value Voting Preferred Stock in exchange for Notes Payable totaling $20,000 plus forgiveness of interest totaling
	$1,900. Additionally, the Company agreed to designate with the State of Nevada Secretary of State that each share of preferred
	carries the voting power of 50 common shares. Finally, the shareholder agreed to cancel the shares upon full payment of the $50,000
	Note, without accrued interest and the sale of five units of the MDU.


	 


	In October 2016, the $50,000 note payable was
	satisfied.


	 


	NOTE 9 – OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSE


	 


	During the three months ended November 30,
	2016, the Company settled a bank overdraft of $942 for $370. This settlement resulted in income of $572.


	 


	NOTE 10 – REVERSE STOCK SPLIT


	 


	On January 20, 2016, the Company effected a
	1-for-200 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Reverse Stock Split").
	As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each two hundred shares of the Company’s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
	prior to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically combined into and became one share of common stock. No fractional shares were
	issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split and any stockholder who otherwise would have been entitled to receive fractional
	shares received an additional share. Also, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the per share exercise price of, and the number
	of shares of common stock underlying our warrants outstanding immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically proportionally
	adjusted based on the 1-for-200 split ratio in accordance with the terms of such warrants. Share and per-share amounts of the Company’s
	common stock and warrants included herein have been adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split
	did not alter the par value of the Common Stock, $0.001 per share, or modify any voting rights or other terms of the common stock.


	 


	NOTE 11 – EXCERCISABLE WARRANTS


	 


	On March 1, 2011, the Company received $15,000
	as a loan from a non-related third party. The loan was unsecured, payable on demand and non-interest bearing. Effective March 19,
	2013, the debt was exchanged for warrants to purchase up to 6,000 shares of common $.001 par value stock at $200 per share after
	March 19, 2014 and before March 19, 2017.


	 


	 


	F-8b





	 



	 



	 


	 




	SIGNATURES


	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
	the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.



	Registrant





	 


	 




	Date:  April 10, 2017


	/s/

	Cheung Chan





	 



	Name: Cheung Chan


	Principal Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	36














10-Q: UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET LTD-DE - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









9:15 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7:38 P.M. ET


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7:28 P.M. ET


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
6:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
6:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
6:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
6:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
6:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
6:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
6:11 P.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET LTD-DE
    








    By

Published: Apr 21, 2017 2:06 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Forward-Looking Statements  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the words "may," "could," "estimate," "intend," "continue," "believe," "expect" or "anticipate" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are reasonable, these plans, intentions, or expectations may not be achieved. Our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, or implied, by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-Q. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-Q, except as required by federal securities laws, we are under no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties.  In this form 10-Q references to "UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.," "JA Energy," "the Company", "we," "us," and "our" refer to UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd. (a Delaware Company).  Critical Accounting Policies  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the information provided in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2016.  Corporate History and Business Overview  The Company was organized August 26, 2010 (Date of Inception) under the laws of the State of Nevada, as JA Energy. The Company was incorporated as a subsidiary of Reshoot Production Company, a Nevada corporation. Reshoot Production Company was incorporated October 31, 2007, and, at the time of spin off was listed on the Over-the- Counter Bulletin Board.  On November 21, 2016, the Company reincorporated in Delaware under the name UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. and increased the number of authorized shares from 75,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares consisting of 130,000,000 authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock and 64,000,000 authorized shares of Class C Common Stock. On December 9, 2016, the Class C shares were issued. All of the preceding shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act") and were issued under Regulation S to one (1) foreign entity who attested it is an accredited investor who is not a citizen nor a resident of the USA.  Business Description  UBI Blockchain Internet's business encompasses the research and application in the blockchain technology with a focus on the Internet of things ("IoT") covering areas of food and drugs, healthcare, just to name a few. The Company will leverage the stock market to build a new business technology platform, specialized in the safety and freshness keeping of food and drugs within the context of micro and macro environment of the human life.  UBI plans to set up teams, that are dedicated to blockchain application and research, application of the internet of things, IT and data analytics in order to achieve its business goals.  An internet of things is defined as: the internetworking of physical devices, vehicles (also referred to as "connected devices" and "smart devices"), buildings, and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity that enable these objects to collect and exchange data. The IoT allows objects to be sensed and/or controlled remotely across existing network infrastructure, creating opportunities for more direct integration of the physical world into computer-based systems, and resulting in improved efficiency, accuracy and economic benefit. Blockchain, originally block chain, is defined as:a distributed database that maintains a continuously-growing list of ordered records called blocks. Each block contains a timestamp and a link to a previous block. By design, blockchains are resistant to modification of the data - once recorded, the data in a block cannot be altered retroactively. The Company plans to develop and specialize in the design, development, promotion and sales of blockchain technology and internet of things.  Blockchain technology-based applications  Management plans to focus its business in the integrated wellness industry, which providing procedures for safety and effectiveness in food and drugs, but also preventing counterfeit or fake food and drugs. With the advancement of the blockchain technology, we can trace a food or drug product all the way up to its original source within the context of the internet of things.  We are in the early stages of blockchain technology, which can store decentralized and distributed software ledger with complete transaction history. Blockchain technology has a wide range of potential applications, in addition to financial, real estate, back office systems and stock trading applications. Blockchain is a distributed ledger agreement that allows projects or transactions to be transparently registered and is first developed for use in a variety of industries to offer a wide range of services including banking, stock trading, real estate and even global diamond sales. More and more financial giants join blockchain technology applications and research and development, including IBM, Microsoft, Intel, Blockstream and Thompson Reuters, to further accelerate blockchain technology as a maturity and development system. Management believes the investments in the field of blockchain are growing. Due to maturity and safety of blockchain technology, it can play a role in many fields, and management believes its application field and development potential offer a growth opportunity for the Company.  The five features of blockchain include: de-centralization, openness, autonomy, non-tampering and anonymity. These features make blockchain an advantage in science and finance. Blockchain technology is a decentralized, distributed ledger that allows each transaction to be recorded and verified by network, which means that they do not need a central regulator such as a bank or financial institution. Transactions are also anonymous and theoretically real-time, although recent network over-saturation has led to this problem. The block-based distributed accounting technology, combined with its artificial intelligence and internet of things technologies, makes it possible for billions of smart technologies to connect to internet for greater security, allowing virtual time travel and allowing regulators to return to the point at which the problem occurred. One of potential application of this technology is the creation of registers based on blockchain of IoT devices, and the use of artificial intelligence programs to perform automated intelligent diagnostics and more advanced functions, which can ultimately lead engineers and regulators to virtualize clock backwards. At the same time, blockchain technology can reduce audit costs; reduce distrust of central node, so that flow of financial assets is more transparent and convenient. In fact, current blockchain technology is indeed application of digital electronic payments to "blockchain  The central concept and future development of blockchain are trends of things fit, leading gradual self-government of things. Blockchain technology is a good solution: infrastructure investment, high maintenance costs and data security issues. Blockchain technology support IoT which is an extension and more advanced stage of internet. Blockchain technology research and application will make IoT networking shine. Blockchain's point-to-point communication platform gives a subtle solution. Blockchain technology creates a shared, distributed, digital book between network nodes to record transactions, rather than storing them on a central server. Thus, eliminate the need for central verification. It provides a way to create a consensus network without having trust a single node, and data store does not need to be stored in a central server, but by sharing it to all nodes in the network.  Internet of Things (IoT) is about creating digital representations of real-world objects. It is a phenomenon that draws on rapid developments within IT, ICT and telecommunications to spark insights and to help companies create entirely new types of services and business areas. Management believes that the Internet of Things will be the next technology to promote the rapid development of the world's important productive forces.  Health Care Business Focus  Management believes that the global IoT in healthcare market is growing at a significant growth rate, due to increasing demand for advanced healthcare information system, and growing prevalence of chronic and lifestyle associated diseases.  The IoT applications in healthcare, such as telemedicine, medication management, clinical operations and workflow management, inpatient monitoring, helps in compiling services related to diagnosis, treatment, care, and rehabilitation. They improve communication between patients and healthcare providers, in order to reduce medication errors, and provide better coordinated care.  Blockchain technology supports IoT which is an extension and more advanced stage of internet. Blockchain's point-to-point communication platform problem, gives a subtle solution. Blockchain technology creates a shared, distributed, digital book between network nodes to record transactions, rather than storing them on a central server. Thus eliminating need for central verification. It provides a way to create a consensus network without having to trust a single node, and data store does not need to be stored in a central server, but by sharing it to all nodes in network. Blockchain technology can also help solve medical field of data privacy and other issues, such as custody of electronic medical records, safe storage of genetic data, drug security and so on.  The Market Opportunity  The Company is in the early stages of blockchain technology, which can store decentralized and distributed software ledger with complete transaction history. Blockchain technology has a wide range of potential applications, in addition to financial, real estate, and back office systems. Blockchain can be utlized as a distributed ledger agreement that allows projects or transactions to be transparently registered and can be used in a variety of industries to offer a wide range of services including banking, stock trading, real estate and even global diamond sales.  Blockchain technology can play a role in many fields. Blockchain transactions are theoretically real-time. The block-based distributed accounting technology, combined with its artificial intelligence and internet of things technologies, makes it possible for countless of smart technologies to connect to internet for greater security, allowing technicians to return to the point at which the problem occurred. One of potential applications of this technology is the creation of registers based on blockchain of IoT devices, and the use of artificial intelligence programs to perform automated intelligent diagnostics and more advanced functions, which can ultimately lead engineers and technicians to virtualize clock backwards. At the same time, blockchain technology can reduce audit costs; reduce distrust of central node, so that flow of financial assets is more transparent and convenient. In fact, current blockchain technology is indeed application of digital electronic payments to "block chain  The internet of things is based on computer science, including network, electronics, radio frequency, induction, wireless, artificial intelligence, bar code, cloud computing, automation, embedded technology as an integrated technology. Internet of things is called the third wave of the world information industry revolution, after computer revolution, and the second internet revolution. Management believes that within 10 years, internet of things will be widely used in intelligent medicine, intelligent transportation, environmental protection, government work, public safety, safety home, intelligent home appliance, industrial monitoring, elderly care, personal health, intelligent building, green agriculture and breeding, surveillance, imaging, computers, mobile phones and other fields.  Blockchain technology is a good solution for: infrastructure investment, high maintenance costs and data security issues. Blockchain technology supports IoT which is an extension and more advanced stage of internet. Blockchain technology research and application will make IoT networking more efficient. Blockchain technology creates a shared, distributed, digital book between network nodes to record transactions, rather than storing them on a central server. This eliminates the need for central verification. It provides a way to create a consensus network without having to trust a single node, and data store does not need to be stored in a central server, but by sharing it to all nodes in network. Blockchain technology can also solve medical field of data privacy and other issues, such as custody of electronic medical records, safe storage of genetic data, and drug security.  Our Strategy  Our strategy is to make UBI the premier online investment and communication platform in key markets in China, and later on we may expand into Europe and North America. To achieve this goal, we intend to do the following:   Introducing innovative products  We plan to develop commercially applicable blockchain based payment and other functions, such as product tracking. We aim at satisfaction of user experience, covering the consumption after sales.   Create brand awareness and drive sales of our products and services in key markets  We intend to target our marketing efforts to create global awareness of our brand and drive sales of our products and services in the key markets of China.   Employ professional investment professionals, academics, university professors and communication professionals  We plan to employ investment professionals, academics, university professors and communication professionals from around the world to develop technologies applications to human beings.   Coordinate with strategic partners in each of the target markets for marketing and distribution  We believe that international markets represent a significant growth opportunity for us and we intend to expand sales of our products and services globally through selected retailers and strategic partnerships. We plan to work with key partners in the target markets to provide marketing and distribution expertise and assistance. Although it may be challenging to gain market acceptance in these markets, we believe the assistance of such experts will expedite the process.  Competitive Strengths  We believe that the following strengths position us to build our business model:  1. Building a Creative Commercial Platform through Independent Design and  Development  We plan to make an integrated platform that incorporates the blockchain technology, internet of things, and a stock market. This platform when once built, will support blockchain based payment, the convenience of internet of things, with the speed, safety, and convenience not yet experienced. We plan to establish a brand name of "Global UBI" for our products.  2. We Believe We Have Good Relations in China's Healthcare Industry  In China, we believe that our management has good relations in the field of integrated health industry for scientific research and development, raw material production base and other industrial chains. Our management is also familiar with the international pharmaceutical market and the food market. We believe that technology is the top productive force. The effective combination of blockchain technology and Internet of Things technology which exclude all possible human factors, its centralization, transparency and chain cannot be tampered with, traceability, etc. can solve the drug and food safety issues.  Target Market  At present, fake drugs are common in China, as there exists little regulation of production, and no guaranteed efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine. There has been an excessive use of antibiotics, poison capsules incidents, vaccine cases ginkgo leaf, licorice tablets and other major drug cases, seriously affecting people's physical and mental health. Therefore, food and drug safety is related to the vital interests of millions of people in China.  Sources of Income and Pricing  We plan to use application of information technology (IT), blockchain technology and IoT technology that permeate virtually all aspects of corporate and social activity, effective combination of food and drugs safety and management of labor relations. The products and services enabled by it have had a major impact to the healthcare industry. As we look to the future, emerging technologies raise new trend in security, law enforcement, privacy, safety in food and drug of healthcare industry.  Sales and Marketing  The Company plans to place an emphasis on social media for the marketing and advancement of blockchain, internet of things, and technological innovation platform as well as the traditional health application, food and drug production process chain for more transparent transactions. The Company plans to implement original sources of procurement advantages, and preferred overseas products. For the domestic high-end consumers, we provide more efficient, convenient and affordable imports of quality goods.  Management believes Chinese consumers are more likely to consider buying a product if they see it mentioned on a social-media site and more likely to purchase a product or service if a friend or acquaintance recommends it on a social-media site.  Chinese consumers rely heavily upon peer-to-peer recommendations over general mass advertising. In general, the Chinese populace is skeptical of information from news sources and advertising and rely more on word-of-mouth from friends, family, and key opinion leaders, many of whom share information on social media.  While messaging and sharing photos is as popular in China as in other regions, one aspect of usage in the country stands out: social media has a greater influence on purchasing decisions for consumers in China than for those anywhere else in the world. Due to the widespread use of social media in China, the Company will focus its marketing efforts on this medium. The Company will be present with its own social media site on the largest Chinese social media platforms. Sale of products and services will take place on the portal. With regards to North America and European Market, we anticipate employing a similar strategy. Our most important profit and revenue will come from our development of drugs, food safety software, and system platform technology to promote sales and transfer technology. These software technologies and platform technologies will be widely used in health industry businesses and regulatory agencies.  Manufacturing  The Company does not at this time engage in any manufacturing but may engage in manufacturing of products to be sold on the Company's website in the future.  Government Regulation  We are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, data security, data retention, consumer protection, advertising, electronic commerce, intellectual property, manufacturing, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws.  In particular, there are numerous U.S. federal, state, and local laws and regulations and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data, the scope of which is changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy, data security, and data protection. However, given that the scope, interpretation, and application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be conflicting, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with our privacy or security policies or privacy-related legal obligations by us or third-party service-providers or the failure or perceived failure by third-party apps, with which our users choose to share their data, to comply with their privacy policies or privacy-related legal obligations as they relate to the data shared with them, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or negative publicity, and could have an adverse effect on our brand and operating results.  We plan to develop solutions to ensure that data transfers from the E.U. provide adequate protections to comply with the E.U. Data Protection Directive. If we fail to develop such alternative data transfer solutions, one or more national data protection authorities in the European Union could bring enforcement actions seeking to prohibit or suspend our data transfers to the U.S. and we could also face additional legal liability, fines, negative publicity, and resulting loss of business.  Governments are continuing to focus on privacy and data security and it is possible that new privacy or data security laws will be passed or existing laws will be amended in a way that is material to our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding our users' data could require us to modify our services and features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new products, services, and features. Although we have made efforts to design our policies, procedures, and systems to comply with the current requirements of applicable state, federal, and foreign laws, changes to applicable laws and regulations in this area could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, any of which could significantly increase our operating costs.  The labeling, distribution, importation, marketing, and sale of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various U.S. state and federal and foreign agencies, including the CPSC, Federal Trade Commission, Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, Federal Communications Commission, and state attorneys general, as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local, and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which our products and services are distributed or sold. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could become subject to enforcement actions or the imposition of significant monetary fines, other penalties, or claims, which could harm our operating results or our ability to conduct our business.  The global nature of our business operations also create various domestic and foreign regulatory challenges and subject us to laws and regulations such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, and our products are also subject to U.S. export controls, including the U.S. Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Controls. If we become liable under these laws or regulations, we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products or services, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits, regulatory proceedings, and legislative proposals could harm our brand or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of compliance or other liabilities under these laws or regulations could harm our business and operating results.  Employees  We have 11 full-time employees. Within our workforce, 4 employees are engaged in product development and 7 employees are engaged in business development, finance, human resources, facilities, information technology and general management and administration. We expect the number of employees to rise to more than 25 by the end of December, 2017. We have no collective bargaining agreements with our employees and we have not experienced any work stoppages. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good.  Results of Operations  Revenues  During the six month period ended February 28, 2017, the Company had no revenues.  Expenses  For the three months ended February 28, 2017, the Company had total operating expenses of $426,122 as compared to $12,025 in 2016. The 2017 operating expenses consisted of salaries of $179,569, consulting fees of $231,667, legal and professional fees of $8,147 and other general and administrative expenses of $6,739. For the six months ended February 28, 2017, the Company had total operating expenses of $501,991 as compared to $25,281 in 2016. The 2017 operating expenses consisted of salaries of $179,569, consulting fees of $256,667, legal and professional fees of $39,516 and other general and administrative expenses of $26,239.  For the three months ended February 28, 2017, the Company had a net loss of $(379,119) or $(0.01) per share of Class A common stock and compared to a loss of $(12,025) or $(0.06) per share of Class A common stock for the same period last year.  Net Loss  For the six months ended February 28, 2017, the Company had a net loss of $(454,416) or $(0.02) per share of Class A common stock and compared to a loss of $(25,281) or $(0.12) per share of Class A common stock for the same period last year.  Going Concern  The financial statements included with this quarterly report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets business. As of February 28, 2017, the Company has accumulated operating losses of approximately $5,008,675 since inception. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing . . .  Apr 21, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch




















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 





























UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd. Company Financial Information


























29/07/2017 03:30:10



1-888-992-3836 (toll free)


Free Membership
Login





MonitorQuoteChartsTradesNewsFinancialsToplistsAlertsPortfolioLevel 2Boards









Follow FeedMost PopularSitemapForex & FuturesWorld Exchanges










QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsHistoricalMessage BoardUbi Blockchain Internet Ltd. (QB) (OTCBB)


   
UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd.
Visual Financials

 Company Name: UBI BlockChain Internet LtdTicker Symbol: UBIACIK Number: 0001500242WWW Address: 
CEO: Mr. Tony LiuNo. of Employees: 0
Common Issue Type: Business Description: Industry Information:  -  [more like this]
   Price  Day Change  Bid  Ask  Open  High  Low  Volume  7.2  -0.8 6.75 7.75 8.0 8.00 6.75 2160
 Market Cap (mil) Shares Outstanding (mil) Beta EPS DPS P/E Yield 52-Wks-Range
 0.0 0.0 0.00  0.00 0.0 0.0 42.40 - 0.53

 KEY FIGURES (Latest Twelve Months - LTM)Yesterday's Close7.20$PE Ratio - LTM0.0
Market Capitalisation0.0mil
Latest Shares Outstanding0.0mil
Earnings pS (EPS)$
Dividend pS (DPS)0.00¢
Dividend Yield0.0%
Dividend Payout Ratio%
Revenue per Employee$
Effective Tax Rate0.0%
Float0.0mil
Float as % of Shares Outstanding%
Foreign Salesmil
Domestic Salesmil
Selling, General & Adm/tive (SG&A) as % of Revenue0.00%
Research & Devlopment (R&D) as % of Revenue0.00%
Gross Profit Margin0.0%
EBITDA Margin0.0%
Pre-Tax Profit Margin0.0%
Assets Turnover0.0%
Return on Assets (ROA)0.0%
Return on Equity (ROE)0.0%
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI)0.0%
Current Ratio
Leverage Ratio (Assets/Equity)
Interest Cover
Total Debt/Equity (Gearing Ratio)
LT Debt/Total Capital0.0%
Working Capital pS0.00$
Cash pS0.00$
Book-Value pS$
Tangible Book-Value pS0.00$
Cash Flow pS$
Free Cash Flow pS$

KEY FIGURES (LTM): Price info
Price/Book Ratio
Price/Tangible Book Ratio0.00
Price/Cash Flow
Price/Free Cash Flow
P/E as % of Industry Group0.0%
P/E as % of Sector Segment0.0%

 				  Balance Sheet (at a glance) in Millions
     DIVIDEND INFOType of Payment-
Dividend Rate0.00
Current Dividend Yield0.0
5-Y Average Dividend Yield
Payout Ratio0.0
5-Y Average Payout Ratio0.0






 Share price performance previous 3 years
   Share price performance intraday
                    PRICE/VOLUMEHighLowClose% Price Chg% Price Chg vs. Mkt.Avg. Daily VolTotal Vol
1 Week---2.631,8397,990
4 Weeks10.856.7510.46-23.5-261,59631,925
13 Weeks15.502.253.95102.5997,847502,227
26 Weeks42.400.551.00700.06924,766600,606
52 Weeks42.400.530.561328.613152,551609,857
YTD42.400.55-150.01414,272602,482
Moving Average5-Days10-Days10-Weeks30-Weeks200-DaysBeta (60-Mnth)Beta (36-Mnth)
8.088.208.445.534.270.000.00

                GROWTH RATES5-YearGrowhR² of 5-Year Growth3-YearGrowth
Revenue0.0
Income0.0
Dividend0.0
Capital SpendingNA
R&DNA
Normalized Inc.NA

 CHANGESYTD vs. Last YTDCurr Qtr vs. Qtr 1-Yr agoAnnual vs. Last Annual
Revenue %
Earnings %
EPS %
EPS $

                SOLVENCY RATIOSSHORT-TERM SOLVENCY RATIOS (LIQUIDITY)
Net Working Capital Ratio0.00
Current Ratio0.0
Quick Ratio (Acid Test)0.0
Liquidity Ratio (Cash)0.00
Receivables Turnover0.0
Average Collection Period
Working Capital/Equity0.0
Working Capital pS0.00
Cash-Flow pS-0.06
Free Cash-Flow pS-0.06
FINANCIAL STRUCTURE RATIOS
Altman's Z-Score Ratio0.00
Financial Leverage Ratio (Assets/Equity)0.0
Debt Ratio0.0
Total Debt/Equity (Gearing Ratio)0.00
LT Debt/Equity0.00
LT Debt/Capital Invested0.0
LT Debt/Total Liabilities0.0
Interest Cover0.0
Interest/Capital Invested0.00

 VALUATION RATIOSMULTIPLES
PQ Ratio0.00
Tobin's Q Ratio0.00
Current P/E Ratio - LTM0.00
Enterprise Value (EV)/EBITDA-11.29
Enterprise Value (EV)/Free Cash Flow-0.08
Dividend Yield0.0
Price/Tangible Book Ratio - LTM0.00
Price/Book Ratio - LTM
Price/Cash Flow Ratio
Price/Free Cash Flow Ratio - LTM
Price/Sales Ratio0.00
P/E Ratio (1 month ago) - LTM
P/E Ratio (26 weeks ago) - LTM
P/E Ratio (52 weeks ago) - LTM
5-Y High P/E Ratio0.0
5-Y Low P/E Ratio0.0
5-Y Average P/E Ratio
Current P/E Ratio as % of 5-Y Average P/E
P/E as % of Industry Group0.0
P/E as % of Sector Segment0.0
Current 12 Month Normalized P/E Ratio - LTM0.0
PER SHARE FIGURES
LT Debt pS0.00
Current Liabilities pS1.07
Tangible Book Value pS - LTM0.00
Book Value pS - LTM
Capital Invested pS0.00
Cash pS - LTM0.00
Cash Flow pS - LTM
Free Cash Flow pS - LTM
Earnings pS (EPS)

 OPERATING RATIOSPROFITABILITY RATIOS
Free Cash Flow Margin0.00
Free Cash Flow Margin 5YEAR AVG0.00
Net Profit Margin0.0
Net Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
Equity Productivity0.00
Return on Equity (ROE)0.0
Return on Equity (ROE) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Capital Invested Productivity0.00
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI)0.0
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Assets Productivity0.00
Return on Assets (ROA)0.0
Return on Assets (ROA) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Gross Profit Margin0.0
Gross Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
EBITDA Margin - LTM0.0
EBIT Margin - LTM0.0
Pre-Tax Profit Margin0.0
Pre-Tax Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
Effective Tax Rate0.0
Effective Tax Rate - 5YEAR AVRG.0.0
EFFICIENCY RATIOS
Cash Conversion Cycle
Revenue per Employee
Net Income per Employee
Average Collection Period
Receivables Turnover0.0
Day's Inventory Turnover Ratio
Inventory Turnover0.0
Inventory/Sales0.0
Accounts Payble/Sales0.00
Assets/Revenue0.00
Net Working Capital Turnover0.00
Fixed Assets Turnover0.00
Total Assets Turnover0.0
Revenue per $ Cash0.00
Revenue per $ Plant0.00
Revenue per $ Common Equity0.00
Revenue per $ Capital Invested0.00
Selling, General & Adm/tive (SG&A) as % of Revenue0.0
SG&A Expense as % of Revenue - 5YEAR AVRG.0.0
Research & Devlopment (R&D) as % of Revenue0.0
R&D Expense as % of Revenue - 5YEAR AVRG.0.0

    				



 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
 

 



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		





 By accessing the services available at ADVFN you are agreeing to be bound by ADVFN's
                Terms & Conditions





Suggestion box


Investment Warning


Copyright © 1999 - 2017


Cookie and Privacy Policy

.



 

ADVFN UK
Investors Hub
ADVFN Italy
ADVFN Australia
ADVFN Brazil




ADVFN Canada
ADVFN Germany
ADVFN Japan
ADVFN Mexico




ADVFN France
ADVFN US
Finance Manila


P:30 V:us D:20170729 02:30:10


Welcome   
Bad Login - try again








Username



Password



Forgotten password?  
					





help@advfn.com1-888-992-3836 (toll free)

Don't have an account?  Register Now.


















UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd. 8-K May. 16, 2017 12:58 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd. (UBIA)FORM 8-K | Current reportMay. 16, 2017 12:58 PM|About: UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd. (UBIA)View as PDF

 UBI Blockchain Internet LTD-DE (Form: 8-K, Received: 05/16/2017 13:00:15) 












	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 



	Form 8-K



	 



	CURRENT REPORT



	 



	Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934




	 




	Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
	May 16, 2017



	 






	UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD.





	(Exact name of registrant as specified in
	its charter)



	 



	Commission File Number: 000-54236



	 




	Delaware


	 


	27-3349143




	(State or other jurisdiction


	 


	(IRS Employer




	of incorporation)


	 


	Identification No.)





	 






	SmartSpace 3F, Level 9, Unit 908, 100 Cyberport
	Rd., Hong Kong,




	People's Republic of China




	 


	 




	(Address of principal executive offices)


	 


	(Zip Code)




	 




	(212) 372-8836





	(Registrant’s telephone number, including
	area code)



	 




	___________________________________________________




	(

	Former name or former address, if changed
	since last report

	)


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form
	8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:


	 


	[  ] Written communications pursuant
	to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


	 


	[  ] Soliciting material pursuant
	to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


	 


	[  ] Pre-commencement communications
	pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


	 


	[  ] Pre-commencement communications
	pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


	 


	1





	 








	Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.



	 


	On May 16, 2017, the Board of Directors (the
	"Board") of UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (“UBI” or “the Company”), a Delaware corporation, ratified
	and approved an Acquisition Agreement ("Agreement') with Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd., ("NOVA") a private Shenzhen
	Chinese corporation. Under the terms of the Agreement UBI acquired 100% ownership of Nova in exchange for 25,000,000 unregistered
	restricted Class C common shares by UBI. The 130 owners of NOVA will receive Class C common shares, based on their pro-rata ownership
	of NOVA, when the transferred ownership of NOVA has completed. The transfer of ownership officially takes place when the business
	license in Hong Kong has been changed to UBI. This process can take a few weeks to a couple of months to take place. (See Exhibit
	10.3)


	 


	Following the acquisition and the licensee
	name change to UBI, NOVA will be a 100% owned subsidiary of the Company.


	 



	About UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD



	 


	UBI Blockchain Internet’s business encompasses
	the research and application in the blockchain technology with a focus on the Internet of things covering areas of food, drugs
	and healthcare. Management plans to focus its business in the integrated wellness industry, by providing procedures for safety
	and effectiveness in food and drugs, but also preventing counterfeit or fake food and drugs. With the advancement of the blockchain
	technology, the Company plans to trace a food or drug product from its original source within the context of the internet of things
	to the final consumer.


	 



	About Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd



	 


	Shenzhen Nova E-commerce Ltd. was incorporated
	on May 26, 2016 and currently operates a online store in China selling a wide range of products including maternal and infant products,
	cosmetics, wine, household goods, digital and luxury products. Nova's website became operational in April, 2017.


	 


	NOVA

	is
	registered in Qianhai Free Trade Zone, China. Its business operation is an e-commerce platform offering online retail service,
	via OYA Mall. From its inception on May 26, 2016 through April, 2017, NOVA has been building its website and infrastructure.

	Nova
	has commenced its operation in April 2017.

	The executive team post acquisition
	consists of the following people:




	 




	Huixian
	Ma, general manager, director, 30 years old, Lingjintan Town, Taoyuan County, Hunan Province, China. Previous to this position,
	she was the training manager at Hunan Institute of Science & Liberal Arts.




	 




	Shanghong
	Long, Deputy General Manager, and business director, 34 years old. Wuchuan City, Guangdong Province, China. Previous to this position,
	he served as deputy general manager of Guangzhou cross-border e-commerce company in the past.




	 




	Rui
	Xu, Chief Technology Officer, 27 years old. Previous to this position, he worked as technology director at Blue Bird Ltd., at Beijing
	University.



	2





	 




	 




	NOVA's
	Chinese language website is: www.oyamall.com. The website


	is operational, where customers can
	buy products, including food, non-prescription medicine, skin care products etc. offered on the website. For the purpose of this
	Current Report, the website is not part of this Current Report, but referenced for informational purposes.







	 







	Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.



	 


	See Item 1.01 above.




	 







	Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities



	 


	As of May 16, 2017, in connection with the
	Agreement, UBI agreed to issue 25,000,000 of its unregistered restricted Class C common stock to NOVA in exchange for 100% ownership
	of its business.


	 


	We did not engage in any form of general solicitation
	or general advertising in connection with this transactions.

	The shareholders were

	provided
	access to all material information, which they requested and all information necessary to verify such information and was afforded
	access to our management in connection with this transaction.

	The shareholders of Leader

	acquired
	these securities for investment and not with a view toward distribution, acknowledging such intent to us. They understood the ramifications
	of their actions. The shares of common stock issued contained a legend restricting transferability absent registration or applicable
	exemption.


	 


	UBI relied upon Section 4(2) of the Securities
	Act for the offer and sale. UBI believed that Section 4(2) was available because the offer and sale did not involve a public offering
	and there was not general solicitation or general advertising involved in the offer or sale.


	 


	The number of Class C common shares of common
	stock of UBI issued and outstanding prior to the Agreement was approximately 48,400,000 shares. Following the acquisition there
	will be approximately 73,400,000 shares. At the time of the acquisition, UBI only had only 64,000,000 Class C shares authorized.


	 


	On April 12, 2017, the Board of Directors of
	the Company approved the increase of the number of authorized common shares from 200,000,000 shares to 2,000,000,000 shares (1,000,000,000
	shares of Class A common stock, 500,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, and 500,000,000 shares of Class C common stock). This
	action is planned to occur in May 2017.


	 


	Therefore, in order to complete the acquisition
	of NOVA, it is mutually understood and mutually agreed the actual issuance of the Class C common stock will take place after the
	Company amends its Articles and increases the number of authorized shares with the State of Delaware. The Company filed a Schedule14C
	Definitive Statement on April 27, 2017 to increase its number of authorized shares from 200,000,000 to 2,000,000,000. The Company
	is currently waiting the mandatory period before it can amend its Articles to increase the number of authorized shares. Once the
	Company increases its number of authorized shares, it will complete the acquisition of NOVA.


	 


	3






	 







	Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits



	 


	 (c) Exhibits:






	 


	 


	 


	Incorporated by reference




	Exhibit


	Exhibit Description


	Filed herewith


	Form


	Period Ending


	Exhibit


	Filing Date




	10.3


	Acquisition Agreement between UBI Blockchain Internet LTD., and Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd.


	X


	 


	 


	 


	 




	99.1


	Audited Financials of Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd. inception through December 31, 2016


	X


	 


	 


	 


	 




	99.2


	Interim Financials of Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd. for the three months ended March 31, 2017


	X


	 


	 


	 


	 




	99.3


	Unaudited Proforms Financials of Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd. and UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd., through February 28, 2017


	X


	 


	 


	 


	 







	 


	 




	SIGNATURES


	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
	the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.



	Registrant





	 


	 




	Date:  May 16, 2017


	       /s/ Cheung Chan




	 



	Name: Cheung Chan


	Principal Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	4













	 


	Exhibit 10.3


	 



	ACQUISITION AGREEMENT



	 


	 


	This ACQUISITION AGREEMENT ("Agreement")
	made May 16, 2017 between UBI Blockchain Internet LTD., a Delaware corporation ("UBI"), and Shenzhen Nova E-commerce,
	Ltd, a Shenzhen corporation (the "NOVA"), collectively known as the "Parties."


	 


	 


	RECITALS


	 


	A. The respective Boards of Directors of UBI
	Blockchain Internet LTD. and Shenzhen Nova E-commerce Ltd, and the major shareholders of UBI Blockchain Internet LTD., as well
	as all of the shareholders of NOVA have approved to the acquisition of 100% ownership of NOVA by UBI, whereby NOVA becomes a wholly
	owned subsidiary of UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. (the "Acquisition"). This Acquisition involves the issuance of 25,000,000
	new Class C shares by UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. The shareholders of NOVA will receive on a pro-rata ownership basis, shares
	of UBI. UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. will be the parent corporation, NOVA will become subsidiary of the Parent. This Acquisition
	is contingent that NOVA provides required financial statements for the periods specified in Rule 3-05(b) of Regulation S-X.


	 


	B. UBI and NOVA desire to make certain representations,
	warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Acquisition and also to prescribe various conditions to the Acquisition.


	 


	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations,
	warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:


	 


	ARTICLE I


	 


	THE ACQUISITION


	 


	1.01 The Acquisition. Upon the terms and subject
	to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. shall be acquire NOVA at the Effective Time. At the
	Effective Time of the Acquisition, UBI shall continue as the parent corporation (the "Parent Corporation") and Shenzhen
	Nova E-commerce Ltd will be a wholly owned subsidiary.


	 


	1.02 Closing. Unless this Agreement shall have
	been terminated and the transactions herein contemplated shall have been and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
	set forth in Article VI, the closing of the Acquisition (the "Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m. on the business
	day after satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VI (or as soon as practicable thereafter following satisfaction or
	waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI) (the "Closing Date"), at the Hong Kong corporate officers,

	Smart-Space
	3F, Level 9, Cyberport 3, 100 Cyberport Road, Hong Kong,

	unless another date, time or place is agreed to in writing by the
	parties hereto.


	 


	 


	1.03 Effective Time of Acquisition. UBI and
	NOVA shall use reasonable efforts to have the Closing Date and the Effective Time of the Acquisition to be the same day.


	 


	1.04 Directors. The directors of Parent Company
	at the Effective Time of the Acquisition shall be the directors of the subsidiary, until the earlier of their resignation or removal
	or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. The directors of UBI Blockchain Internet
	LTD. shall remain the directors of the acquired entity.


	 


	1.05 Officers. The officers of NOVA at the
	Effective Time of the Acquisition shall be the officers of NOVA, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
	respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be [Name(s)] will remain as the officer(s) of NOVA.


	 


	ARTICLE II


	 


	EFFECT OF THE ACQUISITION


	ON THE CAPITAL STOCK


	OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS


	 


	2.01 Effect on Capital Stock. As of the Effective
	Time of the Acquisition, by virtue of the Acquisition and without any action on the part of the holders of shares:


	 


	(a) Common Stock. There
	will be an issuance of 25,000,000 Class C shares by UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. to 130 owners of NOVA on a pro-rata ownership
	basis make the acquisition of NOVA.


	 


	(b) Cancellation and Retirement
	of NOVA business license. As of the Effective Time of the Acquisition, NOVA shall transfer its business license to UBI as the sole
	licensee.


	 


	(c) Stock Options; Warrants.
	At the Effective Time of the Acquisition, the merged entities will have no outstanding options or warrants issued.


	 


	(d) No Further Ownership
	Rights in NOVA as an independent business entity. All shares of UBI Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of NOVA
	business license in accordance with the terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been issued (and paid) in full satisfaction
	of all rights pertaining to the acquisition transaction.


	 


	2.02 Escrow Deposit.


	 


	(i) At the Effective Time
	of the Acquisition, UBI will cause to be delivered to the offices of Tony Liu, as escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent") the
	Acquisition Consideration Escrow Deposit and the Escrow Deposit. The Parties recognize that the receipt of the Class C common stock
	requires the transfer of the business licensee to UBI. Therefore, the Effective Time occurs when NOVA is no longer the licensee
	of the existing business license. The transfer of the business license in Hong Kong, is based on government processing and can
	take a few weeks or a couple of months.


	 


	 


	2.02 No Further Ownership
	Rights in NOVA. All shares of UBI Class C Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of certificates representing 100%
	of NOVA ownership in accordance with the terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been issued (and paid) in full satisfaction
	of all rights pertaining to any and all NOVA ownership.


	 


	 


	ARTICLE III


	 


	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


	 


	3.01 Representations and Warranties of NOVA.
	Except as set forth in the NOVA Disclosure Schedule (as defined in subsection 3.01(a)), attached hereto as Exhibit B, or a certain
	schedule comprising the Disclosure Schedule, NOVA represents and warrants to UBI as follows:


	 


	(a) Organization, Standing
	and Corporate Power. NOVA is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of The People’s Republic
	of China and has the requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted. NOVA is duly qualified
	or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or
	leasing of its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to
	be so qualified or licensed (individually or in the aggregate) would not have a material adverse effect with respect to NOVA .


	 


	(b) Subsidiaries. NOVA
	does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or other ownership interest in any corporation, partnership, business association,
	joint venture or other entity.


	 


	(c) Capital Structure.
	Prior to the acquisition, NOVA's capital structure consisted of RMB 5,000,000 capital shares. The NOVA shares were duly authorized,
	validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights. There are no outstanding bonds, debentures,
	notes or other indebtedness or other securities of NOVA having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities
	having the right to vote) on any matters on which shareholders of NOVA may vote. The NOVA Disclosure Schedule sets forth the outstanding
	Capitalization of NOVA. Except as set forth above, there are no outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments,
	agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which NOVA is a party or by which it is bound obligating NOVA to issue,
	deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other equity or voting securities
	of NOVA or obligating NOVA to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement,
	arrangement or undertaking. There are no outstanding contractual obligations, commitments, understandings or arrangements of NOVA
	to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or make any payment in respect of any shares of capital stock of NOVA. There are no
	agreements or arrangements pursuant to which NOVA is or could be required to register shares of NOVA Common Stock or other securities
	under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or other agreements or arrangements with or among
	any security holders of NOVA with respect to securities of NOVA .


	 


	(d) Authority; Noncontravention.
	NOVA has the requisite corporate and other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Acquisition.
	The execution and delivery of this Agreement by NOVA and the consummation by NOVA of the transactions contemplated hereby have
	been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of NOVA. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
	by NOVA and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of NOVA, enforceable against NOVA in accordance with its terms. The execution
	and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with
	the provisions hereof will not, conflict with, or result in any breach or violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse
	of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of or "put" right with
	respect to any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any lien upon any of the properties
	or assets of NOVA under, (i) the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of NOVA, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage,
	indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or license applicable to NOVA, its properties or
	assets, or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in the following sentence, any judgment, order,
	decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation or arbitration award applicable to NOVA, its properties or assets. No consent,
	approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any federal, state or local government
	or any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority, agency, domestic or foreign (a "Governmental
	Entity"), is required by or with respect to NOVA in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by NOVA or
	the consummation by NOVA of the transactions contemplated hereby, except, with respect to this Agreement, for the filing of the
	Articles of Acquisition with the Secretary of State of Nevada.


	 


	(e) Absence of Certain
	Changes or Events. Since its inception, NOVA has conducted its business only in the ordinary course consistent with past practice,
	and there is not and has not been: (i) any material adverse change with respect to NOVA; (ii) any condition, event or occurrence
	which individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect or give rise to a material
	adverse change with respect to NOVA; (iii) any event which, if it had taken place following the execution of this Agreement, would
	not have been permitted by Section 4.01 without prior consent of UBI; or (iv) any condition, event or occurrence which could reasonably
	be expected to prevent, hinder or materially delay the ability of NOVA to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


	 


	(f) Litigation; Labor
	Matters; Compliance with Laws.


	 


	(i) There is no suit,
	action or proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of NOVA, threatened against or affecting NOVA or any basis for
	any such suit, action, proceeding or investigation that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have
	a material adverse effect with respect to NOVA or prevent, hinder or materially delay the ability of NOVA to consummate the transactions
	contemplated by this Agreement, nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator
	outstanding against NOVA having, or which, insofar as reasonably could be foreseen by NOVA, in the future could have, any such
	effect.


	 


	(ii) NOVA is not a party
	to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor
	organization, nor is it the subject of any proceeding asserting that it has committed an unfair labor practice or seeking to compel
	it to bargain with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of employment nor is there any strike, work stoppage or other
	labor dispute involving it pending or, to its knowledge, threatened, any of which could have a material adverse effect with respect
	to NOVA.


	 


	(iii) The conduct of the
	business of NOVA complies with all statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees or arbitration awards
	applicable thereto.


	 


	(g) Benefit Plans. NOVA
	is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement or any bonus, pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation,
	stock ownership, stock purchase, phantom stock, retirement, vacation, severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical
	or other plan, arrangement or understanding (whether or not legally binding) under which NOVA currently has an obligation to provide
	benefits to any current or former employee, officer or director of NOVA (collectively, "Benefit Plans").


	 


	(h) Certain Employee Payments.
	NOVA is not a party to any employment agreement which could result in the payment to any current, former or future director or
	employee of NOVA of any money or other property or rights or accelerate or provide any other rights or benefits to any such employee
	or director as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether or not (i) such payment, acceleration or provision
	would constitute a "parachute payment" (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code), or (ii) some other subsequent
	action or event would be required to cause such payment, acceleration or provision to be triggered.


	 


	(i) Environmental Matters.
	NOVA is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws. "Environmental Laws" means all applicable federal, state
	and local statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances, orders, decrees and common law relating in any manner to contamination, pollution
	or protection of human health or the environment, and similar state laws.


	 


	(j) Material Contract
	Defaults. NOVA is not, or has not, received any notice or has any knowledge that any other party is, in default in any respect
	under any Material Contract; and there has not occurred any event that with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would
	constitute such a material default. For purposes of this Agreement, a Material Contract means any contract, agreement or commitment
	that is effective as of the Closing Date to which NOVA is a party (i) with expected receipts or expenditures in excess of $100,000,
	(ii) requiring NOVA to indemnify any person, (iii) granting exclusive rights to any party, (iv) evidencing indebtedness for borrowed
	or loaned money in excess of $100,000 or more, including guarantees of such indebtedness, or (v) which, if breached by NOVA in
	such a manner would (A) permit any other party to cancel or terminate the same (with or without notice of passage of time) or (B)
	provide a basis for any other party to claim money damages (either individually or in the aggregate with all other such claims
	under that contract) from NOVA or (C) give rise to a right of acceleration of any material obligation or loss of any material benefit
	under any such contract, agreement or commitment.


	 


	(k) Properties. NOVA has
	good, clear and marketable title to all the tangible properties and tangible assets reflected in the latest balance sheet as being
	owned by NOVA or acquired after the date thereof which are, individually or in the aggregate, material to NOVA 's business (except
	properties sold or otherwise disposed of since the date thereof in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of all material
	liens.


	 


	(l) Trademarks and Related
	Contracts. To the knowledge of NOVA:


	 


	(i) As used in this Agreement,
	the term "Trademarks" means trademarks, service marks, trade names, Internet domain names, designs, slogans, and general
	intangibles of like nature; the term "Trade Secrets" means technology; trade secrets and other confidential information,
	know-how, proprietary processes, formulae, algorithms, models, and methodologies; the term "Intellectual Property" means
	patents, copyrights, Trademarks, applications for any of the foregoing, and Trade Secrets; the term "NOVA License Agreements"
	means any license agreements granting any right to use or practice any rights under any Intellectual Property, and any written
	settlements relating to any Intellectual Property, to which NOVA is a party or otherwise bound; and the term "Software"
	means any and all computer programs, including any and all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether
	in source code or object code.


	 


	(ii) To the knowledge
	of NOVA, none of NOVA's Intellectual Property, Software or NOVA License Agreements infringe upon the rights of any third party
	that may give rise to a cause of action or claim against NOVA or its successors.


	 


	(m) Board Recommendation.
	The Board of Directors of NOVA has unanimously determined that the terms of the Acquisition are fair to and in the best interests
	of the shareholders of NOVA and recommended that the holders of the shares of NOVA Common Stock approve the Acquisition.


	 


	(n) Required NOVA Vote.
	The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of each of NOVA Common Stock is the only vote of the holders of any class or series
	of NOVA's securities necessary to approve the Acquisition ("NOVA Shareholder Approval").


	 


	 


	3.02 Representations and Warranties of UBI
	Blockchain Internet LTD represents and warrants to NOVA as follows:


	 


	(a) Organization, Standing
	and Corporate Power. UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
	State of Delaware, as is applicable, and has the requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now being
	conducted. UBI is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
	its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such
	jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed (individually or in the aggregate) would not have a material adverse
	effect with respect to UBI.


	 


	(b) Capital Structure.
	As of May 15, 2017, UBI had 30,717,046 Series A shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share issued and outstanding and 6,000,000
	Series B shares of common stock, par value $0.001, issued and outstanding and 48.400,000 Series C shares of common stock, par value
	$0.001 issued and outstanding. These shares of which have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable, and they were
	issued in compliance with all applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance of securities. There are no outstanding
	securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which UBI is
	a party or by which any of them is bound obligating UBI to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional
	shares of capital stock or other equity securities of UBI or obligating UBI to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered
	or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other equity securities of UBI or obligating UBI to issue, grant, extend or enter
	into any such security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. There are no outstanding
	contractual obligations, commitments, understandings or arrangements of UBI to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or make
	any payment in respect of any shares of capital stock of UBI.


	 


	(c) Authority; Non-contravention.
	UBI has all requisite corporate authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
	Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by UBI and the consummation by UBI of the transactions contemplated by
	this Agreement have been (or at Closing will have been) duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of UBI. This
	Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of UBI, enforceable against each
	such party in accordance with its terms. The execution and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions
	contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any breach
	or violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
	or acceleration of or "put" right with respect to any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in
	the creation of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of UBI, (i) the articles of incorporation or bylaws of UBI or the
	comparable charter or organizational documents of UBI, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease
	or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or license applicable to UBI, or its respective properties or assets,
	or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in the following sentence, any judgment, order, decree,
	statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation or arbitration award applicable to UBI, or its respective properties or assets, other
	than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, rights, losses or liens that individually
	or in the aggregate could not have a material adverse effect with respect to UBI or could not prevent, hinder or materially delay
	the ability of UBI to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order or authorization
	of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to UBI, in
	connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by UBI or the consummation by UBI, as the case may be, of any of the
	transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


	 


	(d) S.E.C. Documents;
	Undisclosed Liabilities. UBI has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents as required by the U. S. Securities
	and Exchange Commission (the "S.E.C.") and UBI has delivered or made available to NOVA all reports, schedules, forms,
	statements and other documents filed with the S.E.C. (collectively, and in each case including all exhibits and schedules thereto
	and documents incorporated by reference therein, the "UBIS.E.C. Documents"). As of the respective dates, the UBI S.E.C.
	Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
	as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the S.E.C. promulgated there under applicable to such UBI S.E.C. documents,
	and none of the UBI S.E.C. Documents (including any and all consolidated financial statements included therein) as of such date
	contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
	in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except to the
	extent revised or superseded by a subsequent filing with the S.E.C. (a copy of which has been provided to NOVA prior to the date
	of this Agreement), none of the UBI S.E.C. Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
	fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
	light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The consolidated financial statements of UBI included in
	such UBI S.E.C. Documents comply as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published
	rules and regulations of the S.E.C. with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
	(except, in the case of unaudited consolidated quarterly statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the S.E.C.) applied on a consistent
	basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present the consolidated financial
	position of UBI as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations and changes in cash flows for the periods then
	ended (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments as determined by UBI's independent
	accountants). Except as set forth in the UBI’s S.E.C. documents, at the date of the most recent audited financial statements
	of UBI included in the UBI S.E.C. Documents, neither UBI had, and since such date neither UBI has incurred, any liabilities or
	obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
	be expected to have a material adverse effect with respect to UBI.


	 


	(e) Absence of Certain
	Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the UBI S.E.C. Documents, since the date of the most recent financial statements included
	in the UBI S.E.C. Documents, UBI has conducted its business only in the ordinary course consistent with past practice in light
	of its current business circumstances, and there is not and has not been: (i) any material adverse change with respect to UBI;
	(ii) any condition, event or occurrence which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a material
	adverse effect or give rise to a material adverse change with respect to UBI; (iii) any event which, if it had taken place following
	the execution of this Agreement, would not have been permitted by Section 4.01 without the prior consent of NOVA ; or (iv) any
	condition, event or occurrence which could reasonably be expected to prevent, hinder or materially delay the ability of UBI to
	consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


	 


	(f) Litigation; Labor
	Matters; Compliance with Laws.


	 


	There is no suit, action
	or proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of UBI, threatened against or affecting UBI or any basis for any such
	suit, action, proceeding or investigation that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a material
	adverse effect with respect to UBI or prevent, hinder or materially delay the ability of UBI to consummate the transactions contemplated
	by this Agreement, nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding
	against UBI having, or which, insofar as reasonably could be foreseen by UBI, in the future could have, any such effect.


	 


	(ii) UBI is not a party
	to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor
	organization, nor is it the subject of any proceeding asserting that it has committed an unfair labor practice or seeking to compel
	it to bargain with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of employment nor is there any strike, work stoppage or other
	labor dispute involving it pending or, to its knowledge, threatened, any of which could have a material adverse effect with respect
	to UBI.


	 


	(iii) The conduct of the
	business of UBI complies with all statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees or arbitration awards
	applicable thereto.


	 


	(g) Benefit Plans. UBI
	is not a party to any Benefit Plan under which UBI currently has an obligation to provide benefits to any current or former employee,
	officer or director of UBI.


	 


	(h) Certain Employee Payments.
	UBI is not a party to any employment agreement which could result in the payment to any current, former or future director or employee
	of UBI of any money or other property or rights or accelerate or provide any other rights or benefits to any such employee or director
	as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether or not (i) such payment, acceleration or provision would
	constitute a "parachute payment" (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code), or (ii) some other subsequent action
	or event would be required to cause such payment, acceleration or provision to be triggered.


	 


	(i) Environmental Matters.
	UBI is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws.


	 


	(j) Material Contract
	Defaults. UBI is not, or has not, received any notice nor has any knowledge that any other party is, in default in any respect
	under any Material Contract; and there has not occurred any event that with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would
	constitute such a material default. For purposes of this Agreement, a Material Contract means any contract, agreement or commitment
	that is effective as of the Closing Date to which UBI is a party (i) with expected receipts or expenditures in excess of $10,000,
	(ii) requiring UBI to indemnify any person, (iii) granting exclusive rights to any party, (iv) evidencing indebtedness for borrowed
	or loaned money in excess of $10,000 or more, including guarantees of such indebtedness, or (v) which, if breached by UBI in such
	a manner would (A) permit any other party to cancel or terminate the same (with or without notice of passage of time) or (B) provide
	a basis for any other party to claim money damages (either individually or in the aggregate with all other such claims under that
	contract) from UBI or (C) give rise to a right of acceleration of any material obligation or loss of any material benefit under
	any such contract, agreement or commitment.


	 


	(k) Properties. UBI has
	good, clear and marketable title to all the tangible properties and tangible assets reflected in the latest balance sheet as being
	owned by UBI or acquired after the date thereof which are, individually or in the aggregate, material to UBI's business (except
	properties sold or otherwise disposed of since the date thereof in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of all material
	liens.


	 


	(l) Trademarks and Related
	Contracts.


	 


	(i) As used in this Agreement,
	the term "UBI License Agreements" means any license agreements granting any right to use or practice any rights under
	any Intellectual Property, and any written settlements relating to any Intellectual Property, to which UBI is a party or otherwise
	bound.


	 


	(ii) To the knowledge
	of UBI, none of UBI's Intellectual Property, Software or UBI License Agreements infringe upon the rights of any third party that
	may give rise to a cause of action or claim against UBI or its successors.


	 


	(m) Board Recommendation.
	The Board of Directors of UBI it is majority shareholder have unanimously determined that the terms of the Acquisition are fair
	to and in the best interests of the shareholders of UBI.


	 


	ARTICLE IV


	 


	COVENANTS RELATING TO


	CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIOR TO ACQUISITION


	 


	4.01 Conduct of NOVA and UBI. From the date
	of this Agreement and until the Effective Time, or until the prior termination of this Agreement, NOVA and UBI shall not, unless
	mutually agreed to in writing:


	 


	(a) engage in any transaction,
	except in the normal and ordinary course of business, or create or suffer to exist any Lien or other encumbrance upon any of their
	respective assets, share certificates or which will not be discharged in full prior to the Effective Time;


	 


	(b) sell, assign or otherwise
	transfer any of their assets, share certificates or cancel or compromise any debts or claims relating to their assets, other than
	for fair value, in the ordinary course of business, and consistent with past practice;


	 


	(c) fail to use reasonable
	efforts to preserve intact their present business organizations, keep available the services of their employees and preserve its
	material relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others, to the end that its good will
	and on-going business not be impaired prior to the Effective Time;


	 


	(d) make any material
	change with respect to their business in accounting or bookkeeping methods, principles or practices, except as required by GAAP.


	 


	ARTICLE V


	 


	ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS


	 


	5.01 Access to Information; Confidentiality.


	 


	(a) NOVA shall, and shall
	cause its officers, employees, counsel, financial advisors and other representatives to, afford to UBI and its representatives
	reasonable access during normal business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time of the Acquisition to its properties,
	books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records and, during such period, NOVA shall, and shall cause its officers, employees
	and representatives to, furnish promptly to UBI all information concerning its business, properties, financial condition, operations
	and personnel as such other party may from time to time reasonably request. For the purposes of determining the accuracy of the
	representations and warranties of NOVA set forth herein and compliance by NOVA of its obligations hereunder, during the period
	prior to the Effective Time of the Acquisition, UBI shall provide NOVA and its representatives with reasonable access during normal
	business hours to its properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records as may be necessary to enable NOVA to confirm
	the accuracy of the representations and warranties of UBI set forth herein and compliance by UBI of their obligations hereunder,
	and, during such period, UBI shall, and shall cause its officers, employees and representatives to, furnish promptly to NOVA upon
	its request (i) a copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed by it during such period pursuant
	to the requirements of federal or state securities laws and (ii) all other information concerning its business, properties, financial
	condition, operations and personnel as such other party may from time to time reasonably request. Except as required by law, each
	of NOVA, and UBI will hold, and will cause its respective directors, officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
	and other representatives and affiliates to hold, any nonpublic information in confidence.


	 


	(b) No investigation pursuant
	to this Section 5.01 shall affect any representations or warranties of the parties herein or the conditions to the obligations
	of the parties hereto.


	 


	5.02 Best Efforts. Upon the terms and subject
	to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use its best efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
	all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary,
	proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Acquisition and the other
	transactions contemplated by this Agreement. UBI and NOVA will use their best efforts and cooperate with one another (i) in promptly
	determining whether any filings are required to be made or consents, approvals, waivers, permits or authorizations are required
	to be obtained (or, which if not obtained, would result in an event of default, termination or acceleration of any agreement or
	any put right under any agreement) under any applicable law or regulation or from any governmental authorities or third parties,
	including parties to loan agreements or other debt instruments and including such consents, approvals, waivers, permits or authorizations
	as may be required to transfer the assets and related liabilities of NOVA to the Parent Corporation in the Acquisition, in connection
	with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) in promptly making any such filings, in furnishing information required
	in connection therewith and in timely seeking to obtain any such consents, approvals, permits or authorizations. UBI and NOVA shall
	mutually cooperate in order to facilitate the achievement of the benefits reasonably anticipated from the Acquisition.


	 


	5.03 Public Announcements. UBI, on the one
	hand, and NOVA , on the other hand, will consult with each other before issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review
	and comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
	and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required
	by applicable law or court process. The parties agree that the initial press release or releases to be issued with respect to the
	transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be mutually agreed upon prior to their release thereof.


	 


	5.04 Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred
	in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses.


	 


	5.05 No Solicitation. Except as previously
	agreed to in writing by the other party, neither NOVA or UBI shall authorize or permit any of its officers, directors, agents,
	representatives, or advisors to (a) solicit, initiate or encourage or take any action to facilitate the submission of inquiries,
	proposals or offers from any person relating to any matter concerning any Acquisition, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization
	or similar transaction involving NOVA or UBI, respectively, other than the transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any other
	transaction the consummation of which would or could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, prevent or delay the Acquisition
	or which would or could be expected to dilute the benefits to NOVA of the transactions contemplated hereby. NOVA or UBI will immediately
	cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities, discussions and negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with
	respect to any of the foregoing.


	 


	ARTICLE VI


	 


	CONDITIONS PRECEDENT


	 


	6.01 Conditions to Each Party's Obligation
	to Effect the Acquisition. The respective obligation of each party to effect the Acquisition is subject to the satisfaction or
	waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:


	 


	(a) Shareholder Approval.
	NOVA Shareholder Approval shall have been obtained.


	 


	(b) No Injunctions or
	Restraints. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
	jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Acquisition shall be in effect.


	 


	(c) 8-K. UBI shall file
	a Form 8-K with the SEC within four days of the closing of the Acquisition a Form 8-K with the S.E.C. containing audited financial
	statements of NOVA as required by Regulation S-X.


	 


	6.02 Conditions to Obligations of UBI. The
	obligations of UBI to effect the Acquisition are further subject to the following conditions:


	 


	(a) Representations and
	Warranties. The representations and warranties of UBI set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects,
	in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date.


	 


	(b) Performance of Obligations
	of UBI. UBI shall have performed the obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing
	Date.


	 


	(c) Consents. UBI shall
	have received evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that such licenses, permits, consents, approvals,
	authorizations, qualifications and orders of governmental authorities and other third parties as necessary in connection with the
	transactions contemplated hereby have been obtained.


	 


	(d) No Litigation. There
	shall not be pending or threatened by any Governmental Entity any suit, action or proceeding (or by any other person any suit,
	action or proceeding which has a reasonable likelihood of success), challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation
	of the Acquisition or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or seeking to obtain from UBI any damages that
	are material in relation to UBI.


	 


	6.03 Conditions to Obligation of NOVA. The
	obligation of NOVA to effect the Acquisition is further subject to the following conditions:


	 


	(a) Representations and
	Warranties. The representations and warranties of NOVA set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects,
	in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date.


	 


	(b) Performance of Obligations
	of NOVA. NOVA shall have performed the obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing
	Date (except for such failures to perform as have not had or could not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate,
	to have a material adverse effect with respect to NOVA or adversely affect the ability of NOVA to consummate the transactions herein
	contemplated or perform its obligations hereunder.


	 


	(c) No Litigation. There
	shall not be pending or threatened by any Governmental Entity any suit, action or proceeding (or by any other person any suit,
	action or proceeding which has a reasonable likelihood of success), challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation
	of the Acquisition or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or seeking to obtain from NOVA any damages that
	are material in relation to NOVA .


	 


	(d) Consents. NOVA shall
	have received evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that such licenses, permits, consents, approvals,
	authorizations, qualifications and orders of governmental authorities and other third parties as necessary in connection with the
	transactions contemplated hereby have been obtained.


	 


	 


	 


	ARTICLE VII


	 


	TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER


	 


	7.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated
	and abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time of the Acquisition:


	 


	(a) by mutual written
	consent of UBI and NOVA;


	 


	(b) by either UBI or NOVA
	if any Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently enjoining, restraining
	or otherwise prohibiting the Acquisition and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and nonappealable;


	 


	(c) by either UBI or NOVA
	if the Acquisition shall not have been consummated if there is evidence the transfer of business licensee to UBI cannot be completed,
	based on government intervention. ;


	 


	(d) by UBI, if a material
	adverse change shall have occurred relative to NOVA;


	 


	(e) by UBI, if NOVA willfully
	fails to perform in any material respect any of its material obligations under this Agreement; or


	 


	(f) by NOVA, if UBI willfully
	fails to perform in any material respect any of their respective obligations under this Agreement.


	 


	7.02 Effect of Termination. In the event of
	termination of this Agreement by either NOVA or UBI as provided in Section 7.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and
	have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the part of UBI, or NOVA. Nothing contained in this Section shall relieve
	any party for any breach of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement. Further, if either
	Party is unable to complete this transaction or unable to complete delivery of any of the requirements to consummate this contemplated
	transaction, this Agreement will be terminated, and UBI is authorized to revoke any newly issued Class C shares held in escrow,
	and will cause these shares to be returned to UBI's Treasury for cancellation.


	 


	7.03 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended
	except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.


	 


	7.04 Extension; Waiver. Subject to Section
	7.01, at any time prior to the Effective Time of the Acquisition, the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any
	of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained
	in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
	conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only
	if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any
	of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.


	 


	7.05 Procedure for Termination, Amendment,
	Extension or Waiver. A termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01, an amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section
	7.03 or an extension or waiver of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.04 shall, in order to be effective, require in the case
	of UBI, or NOVA, action by its Board of Directors.


	 


	7.06 Return of Documents. In the event of termination
	of this Agreement for any reason, UBI, and NOVA will return to the other party all of the other party's documents, work papers,
	and other materials (including copies) relating to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, whether obtained before or
	after execution of this Agreement. UBI, and NOVA will not use any information so obtained from the other party for any purpose
	and will take all reasonable steps to have such other party's information kept confidential.


	 


	 


	ARTICLE VIII


	 


	INDEMNIFICATION AND RELATED MATTERS


	 


	8.01 Survival of Representations and Warranties.
	The representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the
	Effective Time of the Acquisition until the Settlement Date.


	 


	8.02 Indemnification.


	 


	(a) Irrespective of any
	due diligence investigation conducted by NOVA with regard the transactions contemplated hereby, UBI shall indemnify and hold NOVA
	and each of its officers and directors (the "NOVA Representatives") harmless from and against any and all liabilities,
	obligations, damages, losses, deficiencies, costs, penalties, interest and expenses (collectively, "Losses") arising
	out of, based upon, attributable to or resulting from any and all Losses incurred or suffered by NOVA or any of NOVA Representatives
	resulting from or arising out of any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant made by UBI as set forth herein.


	 


	(b) NOVA shall indemnify
	and hold UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. and each of its officers and directors (the "UBI Representatives") harmless from
	and against any and all liabilities, obligations, damages, losses, deficiencies, costs, penalties, interest and expenses (collectively,
	"Losses") arising out of, based upon, attributable to or resulting from any and all Losses incurred or suffered by UBI
	or any of the UBI Representatives resulting from or arising out of any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant made by
	NOVA as set forth herein.


	 


	8.03 Notice of Indemnification. In the event
	any proceeding shall be threatened or instituted or any claim or demand shall be asserted in respect of which payment may be sought
	by UBI or any UBI Representative or by NOVA or any NOVA Representative, against the other, as the case may be (each an "Indemnitee"),
	under the provisions of this Article VIII (an "Indemnity Claim"), the Indemnitee shall promptly cause written notice
	of the assertion of any such Claim of which it has knowledge which is covered by this indemnity to be forwarded to the UBI Representative,
	who shall be NOVA Representative. Any notice of an Indemnity Claim by reason of any of the representations, warranties or covenants
	contained in this Agreement shall state specifically the representation, warranty or covenant with respect to which the Indemnity
	Claim is made, the facts giving rise to an alleged basis for the Claim, and the amount of the liability asserted against the Indemnitor
	by reason of the Indemnity Claim. Within ten (10) days of the receipt of such written notice, UBI Representative or NOVA, as the
	case may be, shall notify the Indemnitee in writing of its intent to contest the indemnification obligation (a "Contest")
	or to accept liability hereunder.


	 


	ARTICLE IX


	 


	GENERAL PROVISIONS


	 


	9.01 Notices. All notices, requests, claims,
	demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or
	sent by facsimile, electronic mail, or overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the following addresses
	(or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):


	 


	(a) if to UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. to:


	 


	UBI Blockchain Internet LTD.


	Smart-Space 3F, Level 9, Cyberport 3,


	100 Cyberport Road


	Hong Kong


	 


	 


	(b) if to NOVA, to:


	 


	Shenzhen Nova E-commerce Ltd


	Rm 2535 Floor 25 Block 3, Wanke Enterprise
	Mansion


	63 Qianwan One Rd, Qianwan Free Trade Zone


	Shenzhen, Guangdong 518001


	China


	 


	 


	9.02 Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:


	 


	(a) an "affiliate"
	of any person means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by,
	or is under common control with, such first person;


	 


	(b) "material adverse
	change" or "material adverse effect" means, when used in connection with NOVA or UBI, any change or effect that
	either individually or in the aggregate with all other such changes or effects is materially adverse to the business, assets, properties,
	condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of such party taken as a whole;


	 


	(c) "person"
	means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity;
	and


	 


	9.03 Interpretation. When a reference is made
	in this Agreement to a Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this
	Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
	in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including"
	are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation".


	 


	9.04 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
	This Agreement and the other agreements referred to herein constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements
	and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement
	is not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties any rights or remedies.


	 


	9.05 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be
	governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Hong Kong, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under
	applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof.


	 


	9.06 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor
	any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or
	otherwise by any of the parties without the prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the preceding sentence, this
	Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and
	assigns.


	 


	9.07 Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable
	damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific
	terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to
	prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court of Hong
	Kong, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. In addition, each of the parties
	hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of Hong Kong in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement
	any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to the extent such courts would have subject matter jurisdiction with respect
	to such dispute, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction or venue by motion or other request
	for leave from any such court, and (c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions
	contemplated by this Agreement in any state court other than such court.


	 


	9.08 Severability. Whenever possible, each
	provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
	law but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect
	under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other
	provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such
	jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein.


	 


	9.09 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
	in one or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same instrument and shall become effective
	when one or more such counterparts shall have been executed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.


	 


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
	undersigned have caused their duly authorized officers to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written.


	 


	UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERENT LTD.


	 


	 



	By: /s/ Tony Liu	



	Name: Tony Liu


	Title: Chief Executive Officer


	 


	 



	Shenzhen Nova E-commerce
	Ltd



	 


	 



	By: /s/ Yuehui Wang	



	Name: Yuehui Wang


	Title: Chief Executive Officer


	 












	Exhibit 99.1



	 




	 




	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	 




	Audited Financial Statements




	 




	Period Ended 26 May 2016




	(Date of Establishment)




	to 31 December 2016



	 



	 



	 



	 


	 






	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd


	 




	 


	 




	INDEX


	 




	 


	 




	 


	Pages




	 


	 




	AUDITORS’ REPORT


	F-1a




	 


	 




	AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 




	 


	 




	Balance Sheet


	F-2a




	 


	 




	Income Statement


	F-3a




	 


	 




	Cash Flow Statement


	F-4a





	 


	 




	Statement of Changes in Equity


	F-5a




	 


	 




	Notes to Financial Statements


	F-7a-12a




	 


	 




	 



	 



	 



	 



	Auditor’s Report



	 


	 


	Yongtuo Shenzhen Shen Zi
	No.079 [2017]


	 


	To the Board of Directors:


	 


	We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Shenzhen
	NOVA E-Commerce Ltd (the “Company”), which comprise the balance sheet as at 31 December 2016, and the income statement,
	statement of changes in equity and cash flow statement for the period ended 26 May 2016 (date of establishment) to 31 December
	2016 and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


	 


	We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally
	accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
	about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
	supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
	used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
	that our audit provides a


	reasonable basis for our opinion.


	 


	In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above, present
	fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd as of 31 December 2016, and the results
	of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended 26 May 2016 (date of establishment) to 31 December 2016 in conformity
	with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


	 


	Yongtuo Shenzhen (chop) 	Chinese Certified Public Accountant:
	Runbo Lv


		(Signature and personal chop)


	 


		Chinese Certified Public Accountant: Steven Xu


		(Signature and personal chop)


	 


	Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China	 2017.4.13


	 


	F-1a



	 



	 



	 





	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	BALANCE SHEET




	31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)









	 




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 




	Notes




	2016




	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current assets:


	 


	 




	 


	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	               3,160




	 


	Total current assets


	 


	3,160




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non-current assets:


	 


	 




	 


	Plant and equipment, net


	3


	           13,260




	 


	 


	 


	__________




	 


	Total Non-current assets


	 


	13,260




	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL ASSETS


	 


	           16,420




	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND OWNERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current liabilities:


	 


	 




	 


	Accrued amount due to shareholders


	4


	         46,334




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Total current liabilities


	 


	46,334




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total liabilities


	 


	46,334




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Owners’ equity:


	 


	 




	 


	Registered capital


	 


	759,514




	 


	Reserve


	 


	(11,660)




	 


	Retained earnings


	 


	(777.768)




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total owners’ equity


	 


	(29,914)




	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES AND OWNERS’ EQUITY


	           16,420




	 


	 


	 


	__________





	 


	 



	The notes on pages 2 to 12 form an integral
	part of these financial statements.



	 



	The financial statements on pages 2 to 12 have been signed
	by:



	 


	 











	Director/General
	Manager: 	 Financial Controller: 	Accounting Manager:



	 


	F-2a



	 



	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date of Establishment) to
	31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 






	 


	 


	Notes


	The Period


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenue from principal operations


	 


	-


	 




	Less:


	Cost of sales


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss from principal operations


	 


	(777,768)


	 




	Less:


	General and administrative expenses


	5


	(777,768)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating loss


	 


	(777,768)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Less:


	Non-operating expenses


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total loss


	 


	(777,768)


	 




	Less:


	Income tax


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	 


	           (777,768)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-3a


	 



	 



	 




	 




	 




	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	CASH FLOW STATEMENT




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date of Establishment) to
	31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)










	 







	 


	 


	 


	 


	The Period




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash received from sale of goods or


	 


	 




	  rendering of services


	 


	 


	__________




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sub-total of cash inflows


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for goods and services


	-


	-




	Cash paid to and on behalf of employees


	 


	(127,105)




	Cash paid relating to other operating activities


	 


	145,953




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sub-total of cash outflows


	 


	18,848




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from operating activities


	 


	18,848




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term assets


	 


	 


	 


	(15,856)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sub-total of cash outflows


	-


	(15,856)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from investing activities


	-


	(15,856)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sub-total of cash inflows


	-


	-




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from financing activities


	-


	-




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	EFFECT OF CHANGES IN EXCHANGE


	 




	RATE ON CASH


	 


	 


	              168




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET INCREASE IN CASH


	 


	 




	AND CASH EQUIVALENTS


	 


	        3,160




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 


	F-4a


	 



	 



	 






	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	CASH FLOW STATEMENT (continued)




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date of Establishment) to
	31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 




	Supplementary information to cash flow statement


	The Period




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	1.


	Reconciliation of net loss to cash flows


	 




	1


	  from operating activities


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Net loss


	 


	 


	 


	(777,768)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Add:


	Depreciation of fixed assets


	2,595




	 


	 


	Increase in operating payables


	794,021




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	2.


	Net cash flows from operating activities


	(18,848)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	3.


	Net increase in cash and cash equivalents




	1


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Cash at end of year


	 


	2


	 




	 


	Less:


	Cash at beginning of year


	3,160




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Net increase in cash and cash equivalents


	         3,160




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-5a


	 


	 


	 


	 



	 



	 






	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date of Establishment) to
	31 December 2016




	(Expressed USD)










	 



	 




	 




	Registered




	Capital





	 



	Reserve






	Accumulated




	Deficit





	 



	Total






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Inception as of May 26, 2016


	759,514


	 


	 


	759,514




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss for the period


	 


	 


	(777,768)


	(777,768)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Translation reserve


	 


	(11,600)


	 


	(11,600)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance as of December 31, 2016


	759,514


	(11,600)


	(777,768)


	(29,914)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-6a


	 



	 



	 



	 


	 



	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd






	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date
	of Establishment) to 31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 







	1.




	Corporate information





	 








	Shenzhen Nova E-commerce Ltd (the "Company") was incorporate on May 26, 2016 and currently
	opreates a online store in China selling a wide range of products including maternal and infant products, cosmetics, wine, household
	goods, digital and luxury products. The Company commence is operation in April 2017.




	 








	Equity structure is as follows:




	 






	Shareholder


	subscribed capital contribution


	Paid-in capital contribution


	Percent (%)




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Shenzhen NOVA Trading Ltd


	759,514


	0


	100




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total


	759,514


	0


	100





	 


	 







	2.




	Significant accounting policies and estimates















	The financial statements have been prepared based
	on the following accounting policies and estimates, which are in accordance with the United States generally accepted accounting
	principles.




















	Accounting year






	 


	The accounting year of the Company is from 1 January
	to 31 December. Only this financial statement covered from 26 May 2016 (Date of Establishment) to 31 December 2016.


	 










	Reporting currency






	 








	The Company’s functional currency is the Renminbi (“Rmb”) and presentation is
	in the United States Dollars (“USD”).




	 










	Basis of accounting and measurement basis






	 








	The Company’s accounts have been prepared on an accrual basis using the historical cost as
	the basis of measurement. Assets are recorded at cost when they are acquired. Subsequently, if the assets are impaired, impairment
	provisions are made in accordance with the Accounting System for Business Enterprises.




	 


	F-7a



	 



	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date
	of Establishment) to 31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 







	2.




	Significant accounting policies and estimates (continued)





	 




	Foreign currency transactions





	 









	Transactions in currencies other than the reporting currency are translated into the reporting
	currency at the exchange rates quoted by the People’s Bank of China (“the reference rates”), prevailing on the
	first day of the month in which the transactions take place.




	 


	Monetary assets and liabilities
	denominated in foreign currencies are restated into the reporting currency using the rates of exchange (reference rates or cross
	rates) ruling at the balance sheet date. The exchange gains or losses are dealt with in the income statement for the year.




















	Bad debts






	 








	Accounts receivable meeting the following criteria are recognised as bad debts:




	 







	·




	the debtor is deceased or has been declared
	bankrupt and the debts remain uncollectible after considering the assets of the bankrupt or the estate of the deceased debtor;










	·




	debts that are long overdue where there
	is also evidence indicating that the debts are uncollectible or the possibility of collection is remote .





	 


	Specific provisions are respectively
	made to account for bad debt losses on accounts receivable and other receivables. A specific provision refers to an amount that
	is provided based on management’s assessment of the recoverability of an individual receivable.


	 










	Inventories
















	Inventories are stated at cost
	when purchased. The cost of inventories issued is determined on the first-in first-out basis.


	 








	Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value at the balance sheet date.
	The difference between the cost and the lower net realizable value is stated as a provision. Net realizable value is the estimated
	selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs to be incurred to completion and estimated expenses and
	related taxes necessary to make the sale. The net realizable value is determined based on sales price offered by the company.




	 








	The provision for inventory is determined by category.




	 


	 


	F-8a



	 



	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date of Establishment) to
	31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 







	2.




	Significant accounting policies and estimates (continued)





	 










	Fixed assets







	 









	Fixed assets are tangible assets with high unit costs held by the Company for use in production
	of goods, supply of services, rental or for administrative purposes, and are expected to be used for more than one year.




	 


	Fixed assets
	are recorded at cost when acquired. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method. The respective estimated useful
	lives and estimated residual values of fixed assets are as follows:


	 


	 






	Category


	Estimated useful life


	Estimated residual value (%)


	Amount depreciation rate




	Buildings


	20 years


	5%


	5%




	Machinery


	10 years


	5%


	10%




	Vehicles


	5 years


	5%


	19%





	Office Equipments


	3-5 years


	0%


	20%-33.3%




	 


	 


	At the end of the accounting
	period, fixed assets are carried at the lower of book value and recoverable amount. A provision for impairment of fixed assets
	is made for any difference between the book value and the lower recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of the fixed assets
	is the greater of the net selling price and the value in use. Value in use is the present value of estimated future cash flows
	expected to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its useful life.


















	Gains or losses arising from the disposal, damage, obsolescence or physical counting of fixed assets
	are accounted for as non-operating expenses or income in the current year.




	 










	Revenue recognition







	 









	Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when:




	 







	·




	the significant risks and rewards in relation
	to ownership of the goods have been transferred to the buyer;










	·




	the Company maintains neither continuing
	managerial involvement nor effective control over the goods sold;










	·




	it is probable that the economic benefits
	associated with the transaction will flow to the Company; and










	·




	the relevant amounts of revenue and costs
	can be measured reliably.





	 


	 










	Income tax







	 









	Income tax is accounted for using the tax payable method, whereby the income tax provision is calculated
	based on the applicable income tax rate and the accounting results for the year after adjusting for items which are non-assessable
	or disallowed in accordance with the relevant tax laws.




	 


	F-9a



	 



	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date of Establishment) to
	31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 







	2.




	Significant accounting policies and estimates (continued)





	 










	Revenue recognition







	 









	Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when:




	 







	·




	the significant risks and rewards in relation
	to ownership of the goods have been transferred to the buyer;










	·




	the Company maintains neither continuing
	managerial involvement nor effective control over the goods sold;










	·




	it is probable that the economic benefits
	associated with the transaction will flow to the Company; and










	·




	the relevant amounts of revenue and costs
	can be measured reliably.






	 











	Operating leases






	 








	Leases where substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lesser
	are accounted for as operating leases. Rentals applicable to such operating leases are charged to the income statement on a straight-line
	basis over the lease terms.




	 










	Income tax







	 









	Income tax is accounted for using the tax payable method, whereby the income tax provision is calculated
	based on the applicable income tax rate and the accounting results for the year after adjusting for items which are non-assessable
	or disallowed in accordance with the relevant tax laws.




	 


	F-10a


	 













	 



	 






	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	For the Period Ended 26 May 2016 (Date of Establishment) to
	31 December 2016




	(Expressed in USD)









	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	3


	Fixed assets


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	2016




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Office equipment


	 


	 


	15,855




	 


	Less: Accumulated depreciation


	 


	 


	(2,595)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Closing balance


	 


	 


	          13,620




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	4


	Accrued amount due to shareholders


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	2016




	 


	Opening balance


	 


	 


	-




	 


	Additions


	 


	 


	46,334




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Closing balance


	 


	 


	         46,334




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	5


	General and administrative expenses


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 



	The Period





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Salary


	 


	 


	127,105




	 


	Rent


	 


	 


	136,043




	 


	Web site setup & Registeration Fee


	 


	 


	67,462




	 


	Others


	 


	 


	447,158




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	          777,768






	 




	 








	6.




	Related party relationships and transactions





	 








	Details of the Company’s investor, which has a controlling interest in the Company, are as follows:




	 




	Name
	of investor




	Place of incorporation




	Equity
	interest held











	and its changes during the year





	 



	Shenzhen
	NOVA Trading Ltd


	Shenzhen

		100%


	 









	The principal related parties with which the Company had transactions during the year are as
	follows:





	 




	Name




	Relationship




	 



	Shenzhen
	NOVA Trading Ltd

		Investor












	Significant transactions between
	the Company and its related parties during the year are as follows:


	 






	(1)


	Amounts due from/to related parties




	 


		Accounts	Name of the related party	

	2016



	 


	Other


		Payables	Shenzhen NOVA Trading Ltd	46,334


	 


	46,334


	__________


	__________







	7.




	Events occurring after the balance sheet date





	 








	At the approval date of the financial statements, the Company does not have any events occurring after the balance sheet date.




	 







	8.




	Approval of the financial statements





















	The financial statements have been authorised for issuance by the board of directors on 13 April 2017.




	 


	 


	F-11a













	Exhibit 99.2


	 


	 


	 


	 



	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	 




	Reviewed Financial Statements




	 




	For the Three Months Ended 31 March 2017




	 




	 




	 




	 



	 



	 



	 



	 


	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd


	 




	 


	 




	INDEX


	 




	 


	 




	 


	Pages




	 


	 




	Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)


	F-1b




	 


	 




	Income Statement for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 (Unaudited)


	F-2b




	 


	 




	Cash Flow Statement for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 (Unaudited)


	F-3b-4b




	 


	 




	Notes to the Unaudited Financial Statements


	F-5b-9b




	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	 



	 



	 





	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	BALANCE SHEET (UNAUDITED)




	(Expressed in USD)









	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	March 31,


	December 31,




	 


	 




	Notes




	2017


	2016




	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current assets:


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	                  2


	               3,160




	 


	Total current assets


	 


	2


	3,160




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non-current assets:


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Plant and equipment, net


	3


	        11,997


	           13,260




	 


	 


	 


	__________


	__________




	 


	Total Non-current assets


	 


	11,997


	13,260




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL ASSETS


	 


	        11,999


	           16,420




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND OWNERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current liabilities:


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Accrued amount due to shareholders


	4


	      168,972


	         46,334




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Total current liabilities


	 


	168,972


	46,334




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total liabilities


	 


	168,972


	46,334




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Owners’ equity:


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Registered capital


	 


	759,514


	759,514




	 


	Reserve


	 


	12,007


	(11,660)_




	 


	Retained earnings


	 


	 (904,480)


	(777.768)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total owners’ equity


	 


	(156,973)


	(29,914)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES AND OWNERS’ EQUITY


	        11,999


	           16,420




	 


	 


	 


	__________


	__________





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-1b


	 



	 



	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)




	For the Three Months Ended 31 March 2017




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 






	 


	Notes


	 


	 


	The Period




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenue from principal operations


	 


	-


	-


	 




	Less:


	Cost of sales


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss from principal operations


	 


	 


	(126,712)


	 




	Less:


	General and administrative expenses 5


	 


	 


	(126,712)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating loss


	 


	 


	(126,712)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Less:


	Non-operating expenses


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total loss


	 


	 


	(126,712)


	 




	Less:


	Income tax


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	 


	 


	           (126,712)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-2b





	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	CASH FLOW STATEMENT (UNAUDITED)




	For the Three Months Ended 31 March 2017




	(Expressed in USD)










	 







	 


	 


	 


	 


	The Period




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash received from sale of goods or


	 


	 




	  rendering of services


	 


	 


	__________




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sub-total of cash inflows


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for goods and services


	-


	-




	Cash paid to and on behalf of employees


	 


	(64,630)




	Cash paid relating to other operating activities


	 


	61,446




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sub-total of cash outflows


	 


	(3,184)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from operating activities


	 


	(3,184)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sub-total of cash outflows


	-


	-




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from investing activities


	-


	-




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sub-total of cash inflows


	-


	-




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from financing activities


	-


	-




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET CHANGE IN CASH


	 


	(3,184)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	EFFECT OF CHANGES IN EXCHANGE


	 




	RATE ON CASH


	 


	 


	                26




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET INCREASE IN CASH


	 


	 




	AND CASH EQUIVALENTS


	 


	        (3,158)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 


	 


	F-3b


	 


	 



	 



	 






	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	CASH FLOW STATEMENT (UNAUDITED) (continued)




	For the Three Months Ended 31 March 2017




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 




	Supplementary information to cash flow statement


	The Period




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	1.


	Reconciliation of net loss to cash flows


	 




	1


	  from operating activities


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Net loss


	 


	 


	 


	(126,712)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Add:


	Depreciation of fixed assets


	1,263




	 


	 


	Increase in operating payables


	122,265




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	2.


	Net cash flows from operating activities


	(3,184)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	3.


	Net increase in cash and cash equivalents




	1


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Cash at end of year


	 


	2


	 




	 


	Less:


	Cash at beginning of year


	(3,160)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Net increase in cash and cash equivalents


	(3,158)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-4b


	 



	 



	 



	 



	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd






	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)




	For the Three Months Ended 31 March 2017




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 







	1.




	Corporate information





	 








	Shenzhen Nova E-commerce Ltd (the "Company") was incorporate on May 26, 2016 and currently
	operates a online store in China selling a wide range of products including maternal and infant products, cosmetics, wine, household
	goods, digital and luxury products. The Company commence its operation in April 2017.




	 








	Equity structure is as follows:




	 






	Shareholder


	subscribed capital contribution


	Paid-in capital contribution


	Percent (%)




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Shenzhen NOVA Trading Ltd


	759,514


	0


	100




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total


	759,514


	0


	100





	 


	 







	2.




	Significant accounting policies and estimates















	The financial statements have
	been prepared based on the following accounting policies and estimates, which are in accordance with the United States generally
	accepted accounting principles.


	 










	Accounting year






	 


	The accounting year of the Company is from 1 January
	to 31 December.


	 










	Reporting currency






	 








	The Company’s functional currency is the Renminbi (“Rmb”) and presentation is
	in the United States Dollars (“USD”).




	 










	Basis of accounting and measurement basis






	 








	The Company’s accounts have been prepared on an accrual basis using the historical cost as
	the basis of measurement. Assets are recorded at cost when they are acquired. Subsequently, if the assets are impaired, impairment
	provisions are made in accordance with the Accounting System for Business Enterprises.




	 


	F-5b



	 



	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)




	For the Three Months Ended 31 March 2017




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 







	2.




	Significant accounting policies and estimates (continued)





	 




	Foreign currency transactions





	 









	Transactions in currencies other than the reporting currency are translated into the reporting
	currency at the exchange rates quoted by the People’s Bank of China (“the reference rates”), prevailing on the
	first day of the month in which the transactions take place.




	 


	Monetary assets and liabilities
	denominated in foreign currencies are restated into the reporting currency using the rates of exchange (reference rates or cross
	rates) ruling at the balance sheet date. The exchange gains or losses are dealt with in the income statement for the year.




















	Bad debts






	 








	Accounts receivable meeting the following criteria are recognised as bad debts:




	 







	·




	the debtor is deceased or has been declared
	bankrupt and the debts remain uncollectible after considering the assets of the bankrupt or the estate of the deceased debtor;










	·




	debts that are long overdue where there
	is also evidence indicating that the debts are uncollectible or the possibility of collection is remote .





	 


	Specific provisions are respectively
	made to account for bad debt losses on accounts receivable and other receivables. A specific provision refers to an amount that
	is provided based on management’s assessment of the recoverability of an individual receivable.


	 


	 










	Fixed assets







	 









	Fixed assets are tangible assets with high unit costs held by the Company for use in production
	of goods, supply of services, rental or for administrative purposes, and are expected to be used for more than one year.




	 


	Fixed assets
	are recorded at cost when acquired. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method. The respective estimated useful
	lives and estimated residual values of fixed assets are as follows:


	 






	Category


	Estimated useful life


	Estimated residual value (%)


	Amount depreciation rate




	Buildings


	20 years


	5%


	5%




	Machinery


	10 years


	5%


	10%




	Vehicles


	5 years


	5%


	19%





	Office Equipments


	3-5 years


	0%


	20%-33.3%




	 


	F-6b



	 



	 




	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)




	For the Three Months Ended 31 March 2017




	(Expressed in USD)









	 


	 







	2.




	Significant accounting policies and estimates (continued)





	 










	Revenue recognition







	 









	Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when:




	 







	·




	the significant risks and rewards in relation
	to ownership of the goods have been transferred to the buyer;










	·




	the Company maintains neither continuing
	managerial involvement nor effective control over the goods sold;










	·




	it is probable that the economic benefits
	associated with the transaction will flow to the Company; and










	·




	the relevant amounts of revenue and costs
	can be measured reliably.






	 











	Operating leases






	 








	Leases where substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lesser
	are accounted for as operating leases. Rentals applicable to such operating leases are charged to the income statement on a straight-line
	basis over the lease terms.




	 










	Income tax







	 









	Income tax is accounted for using the tax payable method, whereby the income tax provision is calculated
	based on the applicable income tax rate and the accounting results for the year after adjusting for items which are non-assessable
	or disallowed in accordance with the relevant tax laws.




	 


	 


	F-7b


	 













	 



	 






	Shenzhen NOVA E-Commerce Ltd




	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)




	For the Three Months Ended 31 March 2017




	(Expressed in USD)









	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	3


	Fixed assets


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Office equipment


	 


	 


	15,855




	 


	Less: Accumulated depreciation


	 


	 


	(3,858)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Closing balance


	 


	 


	          11,997




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	4


	Accrued amount due to shareholders


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Opening balance


	 


	 


	46,334




	 


	Additions


	 


	 


	122,628




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Closing balance


	 


	 


	         168,972




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	4


	General and administrative expenses


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	Salary


	 


	 


	64,630




	 


	Rent


	 


	 


	55,375




	 


	Web site setup & Registeration Fee


	 


	 


	3,266




	 


	Others


	 


	 


	3,441




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	          126,712






	 








	6.




	Related party relationships and transactions





	 








	Details of the Company’s investor, which has a controlling interest in the Company, are as follows:




	 




	Name
	of investor




	Place of incorporation




	Equity
	interest held











	and its changes during the year





	 



	Shenzhen
	NOVA Trading Ltd


	Shenzhen

		100%


	 









	The principal related parties with which the Company had transactions during the year are as
	follows:







	Name




	Relationship




	 



	Shenzhen
	NOVA Trading Ltd

		Investor


	 


	Significant transactions between
	the Company and its related parties during the year are as follows:


	 






	(1)


	Amounts due from/to related parties




	 


		Accounts	Name of the related party	


	 


	Other


		Payables	Shenzhen NOVA Trading Ltd	168,972




	__________


	F-8b




	 



	 













	Exhibit 99.3


	 



	Unaudited
	pro forma condensed combined financial statement




	 




	The
	following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are based on our historical financial statements

	and
	Shenzhen Nova E-

	commerce Ltd ("Nova") historical consolidated
	financial statements as adjusted to give effect to the UBI

	acquisition of Nova. The unaudited
	pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the six months ended 28 February 2017 give effect to the acquisition
	of Nova as if it had occurred on 1 September 2016. The unaudited pro forma


	condensed
	combined balance sheet as of 28 February 2016 gives effect to the acquisition of Nova as if it had occurred on 28

	February
	2016.




	 



	The pro forma combined financial statements do not necessarily reflect
	what the combined company’s financial condition or

	results of operations would have
	been had the acquisition occurred on the dates indicated. They also may not be useful in

	predicting the future financial
	condition and results of operations of the combined company. The actual financial position and

	results
	of operations may differ significantly from the pro forma amounts reflected herein due to a variety of factors.




	 



	 





	Unaudited
	Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet


	As of 28 February 2017


	 




	Assets


	UBI


	Nova


	Pro forma adjustments


	 


	Pro forma




	combined




	$             -


	$           2


	 


	$                  2




	Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses


	6,000


	-


	6,000




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	 




	Property and equipment, net


	6,000


	2


	-


	6,002




	 


	6,363


	12,429


	-


	18,792




	Goodwill


	-


	-


	5,108,056


	(a)


	5,108,056




	Total assets


	$12,363


	$12,431


	$5,108,056


	 


	$5,132,850




	Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued liabilities


	$20,131


	$           -


	-


	 


	$20,131




	Due to related parties


	149,485


	120,487


	-


	 


	269,972




	Accrued stock-based compensation


	280,000


	-


	-


	 


	280,000




	Total current and total liabilities


	449,616


	120,487


	-


	 


	570,103




	Total stockholders' deficit


	-437,253


	-108,056


	5,108,056


	(a)


	4,562,747




	Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit


	$12,363


	$12,431


	$5,108,056


	 


	$5,132,850






	See accompanying
	notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information




	 




	F-1c




	 




	 



	 






	Unaudited
	Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations

	For the Six Months Ended 28 February 2017




	 





	Operating expenses


	UBI


	Nova


	Pro forma adjustments


	Pro forma




	combined




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Salaries


	$179,569


	$ -


	-


	$179,569




	Consulting fees


	256,667


	-


	-


	256,667




	Legal and professional fees


	39,516


	-


	-


	39,516




	General and administrative


	26,239


	730,173


	-


	756,412




	Total operating expenses


	501,991


	730,173


	-


	1,232,164




	Other income


	47,575


	-


	-


	47,575




	Net loss


	($454,416)


	($730,173)


	-


	($1,184,589)




	Other income


	47,575


	-


	-


	47,575




	Net loss


	($454,416)


	($730,173)


	-


	($1,184,589)




	Basis and diluted loss per share


	(0.02)


	($730,173)


	-


	(0.05)




	Weighted-average share per share


	24,205,195


	 


	-


	24,205,195






	 




	 




	See
	accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information




	F-2c




	 



	 




	Notes
	to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information Note 1 — Basis of presentation




	The
	unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are prepared using the acquisition method of accounting


	under
	existing U.S. GAAP standards and are based on Registrant’s and Shenzhen Nova E

	-

	commerce
	Ltd ("Nova") historical


	financial statements as adjusted to give effect to
	the acquisition of Nova and the share issuance for the acquisition. The


	unaudited pro
	forma combined statements of operations for the six months ended 28 February 2017 give effect to the Nova


	acquisition
	as if it had occurred on 1 September 2016. The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet as of 28 February 2017 gives effect to
	the Nova acquisition as if it had occurred on 28 February 2017.




	Note 2 —
	Preliminary purchase price allocation




	On May 16,
	2017, Registrant acquired Nova for total consideration of approximately $5 million. The Company financed the acquisition


	through
	the issuance of an additional Class C common shares. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial


	information
	includes various assumptions, including those related to the preliminary purchase price allocation of the assets


	acquired
	and liabilities assumed of Nova based on management’s best estimates of fair value. The final purchase price allocation


	may
	vary based on final appraisals, valuations and analyses of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities.


	Accordingly,
	the pro forma adjustments are preliminary and have been made solely for illustrative purposes.



	The following table shows the preliminary allocation
	of the purchase price for Nova to the acquired identifiable assets, liabilities

	assumed and
	pro forma goodwill:




	 







	Cash and cash equivalents


	$


	2




	Property and equipment, net


	 


	12,429




	Total identifiable assets


	 


	12,431




	Due to former shareholders


	 


	-120,487




	Total liabilities assumed


	 


	-120,487




	Total liabilities assumed in excess of total assets acquired


	 


	-108,056




	Total pro forma goodwill


	 


	5,108,056




	Total purchase price


	$


	5,000,000




	 


	 


	 






	 




	 




	Note 3 - Pro
	forma adjustments




	 




	The pro forma
	adjustments are based on our preliminary estimates and assumptions that are subject to change. The following


	adjustments
	have been reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information:




	Adjustments to the
	pro forma condensed combined balance sheet



	(a) Reflects the preliminary
	estimate of goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of Nova's

	identifiable
	assets acquired and liabilities assumed as shown in Note 2



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	F-3c











 

UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd (OTCBB:UBIA) Picked Up on Bitcoin Fever - Oracle Dispatch









































































 








Home
Investing
Sector News
Wall Street Daily
Opinion
 


 








Search













Home
About Us
Our Team
Contact Us
 



LOG IN




Welcome! Log into your account



Forgot your password?


Recover your password










Oracle Dispatch




 










Home
Investing
Sector News
Wall Street Daily
Opinion























 








Home  Investing  UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd (OTCBB:UBIA) Picked Up on Bitcoin Fever
Investing

UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd (OTCBB:UBIA) Picked Up on Bitcoin Fever

By Jermaine Farmer -  May 25, 2017 


SHARE

Facebook
Twitter






UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd (OTCBB:UBIA) is an interesting play in the blockchain space (think: bitcoin) that just doubled in price on a major jump in volume. However, while the move looks like a big deal, it’s extremely important to appreciate the float in play in this stock: just 101k shares. I don’t think I’ve ever come across a stock with a float that tight. Not by a long shot. If you breathe on this stock’s chart, it moves a buck. It’s light as a feather. So Wednesday’s move doesn’t actually imply a whole lot of new buying interest at all.
That said, it’s an important move. In all, we’ve witnessed nearly 140% added to share values of the company over the past week of action, but that move comes in the context of a larger bearish trend. However, UBIA has evidenced sudden upward volatility on many prior occasions. Moreover, the name has seen interest climb, with an increase in recent trading volume of topping 380% above the average volume levels in play in this stock over the longer term. This should not be overlooked given the stock’s very limited trading float of 41K shares, as noted above.
UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd (OTCBB:UBIA) promulgates itself as a company with a business that encompasses the research and application in blockchain technology with a focus on the Internet of Things covering areas of food, drugs and healthcare.
Management plans to focus its business in the integrated wellness industry, by providing procedures for safety and effectiveness in food and drugs, but also preventing counterfeit or fake food and drugs.
With the advancement of the blockchain technology, the Company plans to trace a food or drug product from its original source within the context of the internet of things to the final consumer.
Find out when $UBIA stock reaches critical levels. Subscribe to OracleDispatch.com Right Now by entering your Email in the box below.


The catalyst for the move is the explosion higher in bitcoin prices as the world finally starts to seriously wake up and get into mania mode on the digital currency and blockchain-related market plays. With a float of 101K shares, as we noted above, this stock simply can’t handle any kind of an influx of interest without going into orbit.
In short, it would appear that UBIA is pin action on the parabolic rise in bitcoin.
Other than the gigantic spike in bitcoin, the only important recent catalyst that we could find on the stock is an 8-K filed about a week ago that points to an acquisition by the company of a Chinese listed stock.
On May 16, 2017, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (“UBI” or “the Company”), a Delaware corporation, ratified and approved an Acquisition Agreement (“Agreement’) with Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd., (“NOVA”) a private Shenzhen Chinese corporation. Under the terms of the Agreement UBI acquired 100% ownership of Nova in exchange for 25,000,000 unregistered restricted Class C common shares by UBI. The 130 owners of NOVA will receive Class C common shares, based on their pro-rata ownership of NOVA, when the transferred ownership of NOVA has completed. The transfer of ownership officially takes place when the business license in Hong Kong has been changed to UBI. This process can take a few weeks to a couple of months to take place.
Following the acquisition and the licensee name change to UBI, NOVA will be a 100% owned subsidiary of the Company.
Shenzhen Nova E-commerce Ltd. was incorporated on May 26, 2016 and currently operates a online store in China selling a wide range of products including maternal and infant products, cosmetics, wine, household goods, digital and luxury products. Nova’s website became operational in April, 2017. NOVA is registered in Qianhai Free Trade Zone, China. Its business operation is an e-commerce platform offering online retail service, via OYA Mall. From its inception on May 26, 2016 through April, 2017, NOVA has been building its website and infrastructure. Nova has commenced its operation in April 2017.
Currently trading at a market capitalization of $221.8M, UBIA has virtually no cash on the books, which stands against virtually no total current liabilities. The company is pre-revenue at this point. As more color becomes clear on the name, we will review the situation and update our take. For continuing coverage on shares of $UBIA stock, as well as our other hot stock picks, sign up for our free newsletter today and get our next hot stock pick!


Sign Up for our 100% FREE Oracle Dispatch Newsletter 





Submit







RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

Arch Therapeutics Inc (OTCMKTS:ARTH) Makes Good on Strategic Plan 

 



 

Look at The Breakout on THERALASE TECH INC COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TLTFF) 

 



 

New Financing Deal Lifts LITHIUM AMERICAS C COM NPV (OTCMKTS:LACDF) 

  


LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply 










 

 

 








POPULAR POSTS




CANOPY GROWTH CORP COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TWMJF) Increases Its Capacity 
July 27, 2017 


 




Sunedison Inc (OTCMKTS:SUNEQ) Becomes Fireball for Shareholders    
July 27, 2017 


 




High Volatility for Penny Stock Rjd Green Inc (OTCMKTS:RJDG) 
July 27, 2017 


 




MK Automotive Inc (OTCMKTS:CLKA) Emerges as Clikia Corp. 
July 27, 2017 


 




Action Fades Fast on Magellan Gold Corp (OTCMKTS:MAGE) 
July 27, 2017 


 




Arch Therapeutics Inc (OTCMKTS:ARTH) Makes Good on Strategic Plan 
July 27, 2017 


 




Momentum Builds on Microcap Sino Agro Food Inc (OTCMKTS:SIAF) 
July 27, 2017 


 




Moleculin Biotech Inc (NASDAQ:MBRX) Reaps the Fruits of an Active Pipeline 
July 27, 2017 


 




Taseko Mines Ltd (USA) (NYSEMKT:TGB) On A Bull Run 
July 27, 2017 


 




Look at The Breakout on THERALASE TECH INC COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TLTFF) 
July 27, 2017 


   

 

 









Welcome to the Oracle Dispatch, a free online newspaper packed with exclusive content, news, articles and much more!

Each day you’ll receive the latest business and industry news, financial analysis and much more. 
All this, and it’s free.

Join the thousands of Oracle Dispatch users who are already with us!

If you have any questions please visit contacts page.









 

EVEN MORE NEWS




CANOPY GROWTH CORP COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TWMJF) Increases Its Capacity 
July 27, 2017 


 




Sunedison Inc (OTCMKTS:SUNEQ) Becomes Fireball for Shareholders    
July 27, 2017 


 




High Volatility for Penny Stock Rjd Green Inc (OTCMKTS:RJDG) 
July 27, 2017 


   

POPULAR CATEGORIESHome
Investing
Sector News
Wall Street Daily
Opinion
 
 











                        © Copyright 2016 - Oracle Dispatch. All Rights Reserved                    





















Sign up for our 100% FREE Oracle Dispatch Newsletter




Subscribe Now!




Privacy Policy. we will never share your email with anyone. 


 

UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD. (OTCBB:UBIA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD. (OTCBB:UBIA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material...     SEC Filings  UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD. (OTCBB:UBIA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  ByME Staff 8-k -May 16, 2017 48  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD. (OTCBB:UBIA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.


On May 16, 2017, the Board of Directors (the Board) of UBI
Blockchain Internet, LTD (UBI or the Company), a Delaware
corporation, ratified and approved an Acquisition Agreement
(Agreement’) with Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd., (NOVA) a
private Shenzhen Chinese corporation. Under the terms of the
Agreement UBI acquired 100% ownership of Nova in exchange for
25,000,000 unregistered restricted Class C common shares by UBI.
The 130 owners of NOVA will receive Class C common shares, based
on their pro-rata ownership of NOVA, when the transferred
ownership of NOVA has completed. The transfer of ownership
officially takes place when the business license in Hong Kong has
been changed to UBI. This process can take a few weeks to a
couple of months to take place. (See Exhibit 10.3)


Following the acquisition and the licensee name change to UBI,
NOVA will be a 100% owned subsidiary of the Company.


About UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD


UBI Blockchain Internets business encompasses the research and
application in the blockchain technology with a focus on the
Internet of things covering areas of food, drugs and healthcare.
Management plans to focus its business in the integrated wellness
industry, by providing procedures for safety and effectiveness in
food and drugs, but also preventing counterfeit or fake food and
drugs. With the advancement of the blockchain technology, the
Company plans to trace a food or drug product from its original
source within the context of the internet of things to the final
consumer.


About Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd


Shenzhen Nova E-commerce Ltd. was incorporated on May 26, 2016
and currently operates a online store in China selling a wide
range of products including maternal and infant products,
cosmetics, wine, household goods, digital and luxury products.
Nova’s website became operational in April, 2017.


NOVA is registered in Qianhai Free Trade Zone, China. Its
business operation is an e-commerce platform offering online
retail service, via OYA Mall. From its inception on May 26, 2016
through April, 2017, NOVA has been building its website and
infrastructure. Nova has commenced its operation in April 2017.
The executive team post acquisition consists of the following
people:


Huixian Ma, general manager, director, 30 years old, Lingjintan
Town, Taoyuan County, Hunan Province, China. Previous to this
position, she was the training manager at Hunan Institute of
Science Liberal Arts.


Shanghong Long, Deputy General Manager, and business director, 34
years old. Wuchuan City, Guangdong Province, China. Previous to
this position, he served as deputy general manager of Guangzhou
cross-border e-commerce company in the past.


Rui Xu, Chief Technology Officer, 27 years old. Previous to this
position, he worked as technology director at Blue Bird Ltd., at
Beijing University.


NOVA’s Chinese language website is: www.oyamall.com. The website
is operational, where customers can buy products, including food,
non-prescription medicine, skin care products etc. offered on the
website. For the purpose of this Current Report, the website is
not part of this Current Report, but referenced for informational
purposes.


Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of
Assets.


See Item 1.01 above.


Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities


As of May 16, 2017, in connection with the Agreement, UBI agreed
to issue 25,000,000 of its unregistered restricted Class C common
stock to NOVA in exchange for 100% ownership of its business.


We did not engage in any form of general solicitation or general
advertising in connection with this transactions. The
shareholders were provided access to all material information,
which they requested and all information necessary to verify such
information and was afforded access to our management in
connection with this transaction. The shareholders of Leader
acquired these securities for investment and not with a view
toward distribution, acknowledging such intent to us. They
understood the ramifications of their actions. The shares of
common stock issued contained a legend restricting
transferability absent registration or applicable exemption.


UBI relied upon Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for the offer
and sale. UBI believed that Section 4(2) was available because
the offer and sale did not involve a public offering and there
was not general solicitation or general advertising involved in
the offer or sale.


The number of Class C common shares of common stock of UBI issued
and outstanding prior to the Agreement was approximately
48,400,000 shares. Following the acquisition there will be
approximately 73,400,000 shares. At the time of the acquisition,
UBI only had only 64,000,000 Class C shares authorized.


On April 12, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company approved
the increase of the number of authorized common shares from
200,000,000 shares to 2,000,000,000 shares (1,000,000,000 shares
of Class A common stock, 500,000,000 shares of Class B common
stock, and 500,000,000 shares of Class C common stock). This
action is planned to occur in May 2017.


Therefore, in order to complete the acquisition of NOVA, it is
mutually understood and mutually agreed the actual issuance of
the Class C common stock will take place after the Company amends
its Articles and increases the number of authorized shares with
the State of Delaware. The Company filed a Schedule14C Definitive
Statement on April 27, 2017 to increase its number of authorized
shares from 200,000,000 to 2,000,000,000. The Company is
currently waiting the mandatory period before it can amend its
Articles to increase the number of authorized shares. Once the
Company increases its number of authorized shares, it will
complete the acquisition of NOVA.


Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits


(c) Exhibits:







Incorporated by reference




Exhibit


Exhibit Description


Filed herewith


Form


Period Ending


Exhibit


Filing Date




10.3


Acquisition Agreement between UBI Blockchain Internet LTD.,
and Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd.


X








99.1


Audited Financials of Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd.
inception through December 31, 2016


X








99.2


Interim Financials of Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd. for the
three months ended March 31, 2017


X








99.3


Unaudited Proforms Financials of Shenzhen Nova E-commerce,
Ltd. and UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd., through February 28,
2017


X







 About UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD. (OTCBB:UBIA) UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD., formerly JA Energy, is a shell company. The Company is engaged in developing a suite of products with a view of finding global energy solutions. The Company was in the business of designing modular, self-contained, fully automated, climate controlled units for distributed production of energy. The Company manufactures micro-production solutions that may be implemented in a range of contexts, from ethanol micro-production facilities to urban greenhouse gardens to third-world farming communities. The Company has not generated any revenues. UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD. (OTCBB:UBIA) Recent Trading Information UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET, LTD. (OTCBB:UBIA) closed its last trading session 00.00 at 3.10 with 200 shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      HALLIBURTON COMPANY (NYSE:HAL) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    PICO HOLDINGS, INC. (NASDAQ:PICO) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC. (NYSE:ATW) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure     FIRST SOLAR, INC. (NASDAQ:FSLR) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders    CLS HOLDINGS USA, INC. (OTCMKTS:CLSH) Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year    GREAT BASIN SCIENTIFIC, INC. (NASDAQ:GBSN) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Insider Trading Activity Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) – VP Sold 1,500 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Salesforce.com Inc (NYSE:CRM) – EVP Sold 681 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Salesforce.com Inc (NYSE:CRM) – Chairman Sold 20,000 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Nike, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) – CFO Sold 5,722 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity International Baler Co. (NASDAQ:IBAL) – Director Bought 1,700 shares of Stock 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers At Both End Of The Space: GlaxoSmithKline plc (ADR)...  July 24, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:IRWD) and Aeterna...  July 21, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:SRPT)  July 20, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings38469LSE1947Analyst Ratings1913Stocks1363Tech News1265Biotech Stocks1183Stock Market News1119Small Caps721Insider Trading553   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 






























 

Investing Archives - Oracle Dispatch



























































 








Home
Investing
Sector News
Wall Street Daily
Opinion
 


 








Search













Home
About Us
Our Team
Contact Us
 



LOG IN




Welcome! Log into your account



Forgot your password?


Recover your password










Oracle Dispatch




 










Home
Investing
Sector News
Wall Street Daily
Opinion























 








InvestingOpinionSector NewsWall Street DailyLatest LatestFeatured postsMost popular7 days popularBy review scoreRandom 












 


Arch Therapeutics Inc (OTCMKTS:ARTH) Makes Good on Strategic Plan

Jermaine Farmer -  July 27, 2017 





 


Look at The Breakout on THERALASE TECH INC COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TLTFF)

Jermaine Farmer -  July 27, 2017 





 


New Financing Deal Lifts LITHIUM AMERICAS C COM NPV (OTCMKTS:LACDF)

Jermaine Farmer -  July 27, 2017 





 


On The Move Systems Corp (OTCMKTS:OMVS) Continues to Vault Higher

Jermaine Farmer -  July 25, 2017 





 


Plug Power Inc (NASDAQ:PLUG) Pops After Walmart Deal

Gene Daniel -  July 25, 2017 




  









Investing


Home  Investing




 
Eltek Ltd. (NASDAQ:ELTK) Shares Explode on Government Contract News

Jermaine Farmer -  July 25, 2017 

 



 
Recent Pre-clinical Data Propels Kitov Pharmaceuticals Holdings Ltd (ADR) (NASDAQ:KTOV)

Jermaine Farmer -  July 24, 2017 

 




 
Eco-Stim Energy Solutions Inc (NASDAQ:ESES) Rips Higher on New Contract

Jermaine Farmer -  July 24, 2017 

 



 
Envoy Group Corp (OTCMKTS:ENVV) Shares Continue the Race Higher

Jermaine Farmer -  July 24, 2017 

 




 
Penny Stock Dewmar International BMC Inc (OTCMKTS:DEWM) Rips Towards New Highs

Jermaine Farmer -  July 23, 2017 

 



 
New Catalyst For InterCloud Systems Inc (OTCMKTS:ICLDD)

Gene Daniel -  July 23, 2017 

 




 
Dewmar International BMC Inc (OTCMKTS:DEWM) Inks Deal for Smart Kiosk

Gene Daniel -  July 21, 2017 

 



 
Puration Inc (OTCMKTS:PURA) Trending Higher on Strategic Progress

Jermaine Farmer -  July 21, 2017 

 




 
Our Take on Cannabis Science Inc (OTCMKTS:CBIS)

Jermaine Farmer -  July 21, 2017 

 



 
Bravatek Solutions Inc (OTCMKTS:BVTK) has a Real Deal Product

Gene Daniel -  July 20, 2017 

 
123...66Page 1 of 66 







POPULAR POSTS




CANOPY GROWTH CORP COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TWMJF) Increases Its Capacity 
July 27, 2017 


 




Sunedison Inc (OTCMKTS:SUNEQ) Becomes Fireball for Shareholders    
July 27, 2017 


 




High Volatility for Penny Stock Rjd Green Inc (OTCMKTS:RJDG) 
July 27, 2017 


 




MK Automotive Inc (OTCMKTS:CLKA) Emerges as Clikia Corp. 
July 27, 2017 


 




Action Fades Fast on Magellan Gold Corp (OTCMKTS:MAGE) 
July 27, 2017 


 




Arch Therapeutics Inc (OTCMKTS:ARTH) Makes Good on Strategic Plan 
July 27, 2017 


 




Momentum Builds on Microcap Sino Agro Food Inc (OTCMKTS:SIAF) 
July 27, 2017 


 




Moleculin Biotech Inc (NASDAQ:MBRX) Reaps the Fruits of an Active Pipeline 
July 27, 2017 


 




Taseko Mines Ltd (USA) (NYSEMKT:TGB) On A Bull Run 
July 27, 2017 


 




Look at The Breakout on THERALASE TECH INC COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TLTFF) 
July 27, 2017 


   

 

 









Welcome to the Oracle Dispatch, a free online newspaper packed with exclusive content, news, articles and much more!

Each day you’ll receive the latest business and industry news, financial analysis and much more. 
All this, and it’s free.

Join the thousands of Oracle Dispatch users who are already with us!

If you have any questions please visit contacts page.









 

EVEN MORE NEWS




CANOPY GROWTH CORP COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TWMJF) Increases Its Capacity 
July 27, 2017 


 




Sunedison Inc (OTCMKTS:SUNEQ) Becomes Fireball for Shareholders    
July 27, 2017 


 




High Volatility for Penny Stock Rjd Green Inc (OTCMKTS:RJDG) 
July 27, 2017 


   

POPULAR CATEGORIESHome
Investing
Sector News
Wall Street Daily
Opinion
 
 











                        © Copyright 2016 - Oracle Dispatch. All Rights Reserved                    
















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




10:30 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































 

UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (OTCBB:UBIA) Files An 8-K Change in Shell Company Status - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (OTCBB:UBIA) Files An 8-K Change in Shell Company...     SEC Filings  UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (OTCBB:UBIA) Files An 8-K Change in Shell Company Status  ByME Staff 8-k -March 17, 2017 65  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (OTCBB:UBIA) Files An 8-K Change in Shell Company StatusItem 5.06 – Change in Shell Company Status UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD ("the Company") ceased to be shell company on March 17, 2017, as a result of new management, a recent change in corporate ownership, and the Company pursing new business opportunities. The Company now has three directors, two corporate officers and nine employees. Further, the Company, through its new management now has better access to the capital markets to raise funding for the Company. The Company is engaged in the developing business technologies of applying blockchain and internet of things. Based on this business activity, management has determined that we are not a shell corporation as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  About UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (OTCBB:UBIA) UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD., formerly JA Energy, is a shell company. The Company is engaged in developing a suite of products with a view of finding global energy solutions. The Company was in the business of designing modular, self-contained, fully automated, climate controlled units for distributed production of energy. The Company manufactures micro-production solutions that may be implemented in a range of contexts, from ethanol micro-production facilities to urban greenhouse gardens to third-world farming communities. The Company has not generated any revenues. UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (OTCBB:UBIA) Recent Trading Information UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD (OTCBB:UBIA) closed its last trading session up +0.19 at 4.71 with 2,271 shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      INTERACTIVE BROKERS GROUP, INC. (NASDAQ:IBKR) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    MERCARI COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, LTD. (OTCMKTS:MCAR) Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant    New Media Investment Group Inc. (NYSE:NEWM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement     Potbelly Corporation (NASDAQ:PBPB) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers    KLONDEX MINES LTD. (TSE:KDX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    ICTV BRANDS INC. (OTCMKTS:ICTV) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Insider Trading Activity Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) – Director Sold 2,000 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) – Director Sold 30,000 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity National Instruments Corporation (NASDAQ:NATI) – Director Sold 7,500 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Nabriva Therapeutics AG (NASDAQ:NBRV) – Ca (Major Shareholder Sold 69,854 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ICPT) – SVP Sold 89 shares of Stock 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37818LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1252Biotech Stocks1171Stock Market News1117Small Caps712Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 































  UBIA:OTC US Stock Quote - UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd   UBIA:US   OTC US        7.20USD   0.80   10.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   8.00    Day Range   6.75 - 8.00    Volume   2,160    Previous Close   8.00    52Wk Range   0.53 - 42.40                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   8.00    Day Range   6.75 - 8.00    Volume   2,160    Previous Close   8.00    52Wk Range   0.53 - 42.40    YTD Return   125.00%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   87.36    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.08    Market Cap (m USD)   264.363    Shares Outstanding  (m)   30.717    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Energy   % Price Change -0.19%     Industry Energy   % Price Change -0.19%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   UBI BlockChain Internet, Ltd supplies ethanol feed stocks. The Company serves customers in the State of Nevada.    Address  8250 West Charleston BlvdSuite 110Las Vegas, NV 89117United States   Phone  1-702-544-0195   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Tony Liu  Chairman/CEO    Chan Cheung  CFO/Secretary     Show More         

UBI BlockChain Internet Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















ubi blockchain internet ltd
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Energy
Industry: Renewable Energy
Sub-Industry: Biofuels
UBI BlockChain Internet, Ltd supplies ethanol feed stocks. The Company serves customers in the State of Nevada.




Corporate Information
Address:

8250 West Charleston Blvd
Suite 110
Las Vegas, NV 89117
United States


Phone:
1-702-544-0195


Fax:
-





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Tony Liu
Ubi Blockchain Internet Ltd








Board Members
Company






























From The Web











Key Executives


Tony Liu


Chairman/CEO




Chan Cheung


CFO/Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































About UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd (UBIA) - Investing.com





























































































x




Breaking News












How would you best describe yourself?
Individual Investor Institutional Investor Financial Advisor Active Trader 


Thank you!











 
 
















 Search website for: 





Popular Searches












Trending Stocks 
Stock Screener 






Sign in/Sign up 

0

Recent Alerts


Sign up to create alerts for Instruments, 
Economic Events and content by followed authors
Sign up Already have an account? Sign in

 







English (UK)TürkçeEnglish (India)‏العربية‏English (Canada)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)SvenskaEnglish (South Africa)SuomiDeutschעבריתEspañol (España)日本語Español (México)한국어Français中文Italiano香港NederlandsBahasa IndonesiaPortuguês (Portugal)Bahasa MelayuPolskiไทยPortuguês (Brasil)Tiếng ViệtРусский 





 



 


 




















UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd (UBIA)	


 
OTC Markets








Create Alert 

Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile





Condition


Price
Change
Volume





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once



For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









Create Manage my alerts 



Back 

 



 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
My Portfolio









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 














7.2000
-0.8000
  
-10.00%



28/07 - Closed. Currency in USD ( Disclaimer )


 

Type:
Equity


Market:
United States


ISIN:
US90266C1036 


S/N:
90266C103

 



Volume: 2,160
Bid/Ask: 0.0000 / 0.0000
Day's Range: 6.7500 - 8.0000

 
START TRADING NOW 





UBI Blockchain
7.2000
-0.8000
-10.00%




START TRADING NOW



 

                General                 
 


Chart
 
 


Streaming Chart
Interactive Chart




Financials
 
 


Financial Summary
Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
Ratios
Dividends
Earnings




Technical
 
 


Technical Analysis
Candlestick Patterns
Consensus Estimates




Forum
 
 


Discussions
Recent Sentiments
User Rankings






Overview


Profile


Historical Data




UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd Company Profile

 
			

Get an in-depth profile of UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd, including a general overview of the company's business and key management, as well as employee data and location and contact information.









 


IndustryMisc. Financial Services
SectorFinancial
Employees11
Equity TypeORD


UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD., formerly JA Energy, is a shell company. The Company is engaged in developing a suite of products with a view of finding global energy solutions. The Company was in the business of designing modular, self-contained, fully automated, climate controlled units for distributed production of energy. The Company manufactures micro-production solutions that may be implemented in a range of contexts, from ethanol micro-production facilities to urban greenhouse gardens to third-world farming communities. The Company has not generated any revenues. 


Contact Information


Address
Level 9, Unit 908, 100 Cyberport RoadLas Vegas, NV 89117-9095Hong Kong



Phone
+1-702-5441902



Fax
302-6451280



Web





Loading...



Top Executives



Name
Age
Since
Title




Barry W. Hall
62
2014
Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director


James Lusk
63
2014
President, Director








Add a Comment

Comment Guidelines
 

        Comment Guidelines        


We encourage you to use comments to engage with users, share your perspective and ask questions of authors and each other. However, in order to maintain the high level of discourse we’ve all come to value and expect, please keep the following criteria in mind: 

Enrich the conversation
Stay focused and on track. Only post material that’s relevant to the topic being discussed.
Be respectful. Even negative opinions can be framed positively and diplomatically.
 Use standard writing style. Include punctuation and upper and lower cases.
NOTE: Spam and/or promotional messages and links within a comment will be removed
Avoid profanity, slander or personal attacks directed at an author or another user.
Don’t Monopolize the Conversation. We appreciate passion and conviction, but we also believe strongly in giving everyone a chance to air their thoughts. Therefore, in addition to civil interaction, we expect commenters to offer their opinions succinctly and thoughtfully, but not so repeatedly that others are annoyed or offended. If we receive complaints about individuals who take over a thread or forum, we reserve the right to ban them from the site, without recourse.
Only English comments will be allowed.

Perpetrators of spam or abuse will be deleted from the site and prohibited from future registration at Investing.com’s discretion. 
I have read Investing.com's comments guidelines and agree to the terms described.

I Agree 













 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post 
Post also to:


1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 



Thanks for your comment. Please note that all comments are pending until approved by our moderators. It may therefore take some time before it appears on our website.




			
				
    
        
                                    {username}
                                Just Now
                
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
                 Author's response                 
                                            
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                                        {commentContent}
                    
                                            
                            Reply
							
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                        
                                    
            
        
        			
			
				
    
        
                            {username}
                        Just Now
			 Author's response 			
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
            
                                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                                {commentContent}
                
                                    
                        Reply
						
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                    
                
            
        
    
			
			
				
					Show more comments ()
				
			
			
				
					Show more replies ()
				
			
		










 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post
1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 

 


 
     



Report this comment

I feel that this comment is:
Spam
Offensive
Irrelevant


Submit 



Comment flagged



Thank You!
            Your report has been sent to our moderators for review        


Close 



Add Chart to Comment







Cancel
Attach 

Disclaimer: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data  contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate.  All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes.  Therefore Fusion Media doesn`t bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on  the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.  
 




Find A Broker



























 

 


Indices
Commodities
Forex
Bonds

More Categories

Tabs SelectionIndicesCommoditiesForexBondsStocksETFs%COUNT%/4 selected Apply1D1W1M6M1Y5YMax S&P 500 Futures2,470.50-1.50-0.06%  Nasdaq Futures5,913.62+4.12+0.07%  Dow 3021,830.31+33.76+0.15%  S&P 500 VIX10.29+0.18+1.78%  DAX12,162.70-49.34-0.40%  Nikkei 22519,959.84-119.80-0.60%  US Dollar Index93.20-0.57-0.61%  Euro Index93.73+0.38+0.40%  Gold1,269.34+9.34+0.74%  Silver16.731+0.158+0.95%  Copper2.881+0.004+0.12%  Crude Oil WTI49.80+0.76+1.55%  Brent Oil52.70+1.21+2.35%  Natural Gas2.928-0.039-1.31%  US Cotton #268.78-0.11-0.16%  US Coffee C137.98+2.43+1.79%  EUR/USD1.1750+0.0073+0.63%  GBP/USD1.3135+0.0070+0.54%  USD/JPY110.69-0.56-0.50%  USD/CAD1.2433-0.0122-0.97%  AUD/USD0.7986+0.0019+0.24%  USD/CNH6.7379-0.0061-0.09%  ETH/USD193.35-8.96-4.43%  BTC/USD2,759.9+84.8+3.17%  US 10Y Yield2.291-0.019-0.84%  US 30Y Yield2.895-0.033-1.11%  US 2Y Yield1.351-0.008-0.57%  US 5Y Yield1.834-0.011-0.60%  US 10Y T-Note125.93+0.17+0.14%  US 30Y T-Bond153.14+0.62+0.41%  Euro Bund162.03-0.13-0.08%  UK Gilt126.19-0.19-0.15%  Start Trading Today 
  


ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocks 




 Tabs Selection 

ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocksBondsETFs 
 %COUNT%/4 selected Apply


Timeframe                    
1 min.
5 mins
15 mins
30 mins
Hourly
5 Hours
Daily
Weekly










EUR/USD
1.1750

+0.0073 +0.63%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 8
Sell 4



Indicators:
Buy 6
Sell 2

 



EUR/USD
1.1750

+0.0073 +0.63%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 8
Sell 4



Indicators:
Buy 6
Sell 2



GBP/USD
1.3135

+0.0070 +0.54%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 7
Sell 5



Indicators:
Buy 3
Sell 4



USD/JPY
110.69

-0.56 -0.50%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 0
Sell 8



AUD/USD
0.7986

+0.0019 +0.24%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 5
Sell 7



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 6



USD/CAD
1.2433

-0.0122 -0.97%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 9
Sell 3



Indicators:
Buy 6
Sell 2



EUR/JPY
130.04

+0.16 +0.12%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 0
Sell 9



EUR/CHF
1.1381

+0.0115 +1.02%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 2
Sell 10



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 9



Gold Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Silver Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Copper Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Crude Oil WTI Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Brent Oil Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Natural Gas Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US Coffee C Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Dow Jones Industrial Averag..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nasdaq 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



DAX


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



FTSE 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



CAC 40


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nikkei 225


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Apple Inc


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Alphabet Inc Class A


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Bank of America Corp


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



JPMorgan Chase & Co


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Exxon Mobil Corporation


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



BP PLC


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 2-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 5-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 10-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 30-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Euro Bund Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US 10 Year T-Note Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Japan Government Bond Futur..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



UK Gilt Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR Dow Jones Industrial A..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 1000 Growth


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 2000


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



PowerShares QQQ Trust Serie..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort S&P500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort QQQ


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 




 
 
EUR/USD
1.1750
Strong Buy
 


 
 
GBP/USD
1.3135
Neutral
 


 
 
USD/JPY
110.69
Strong Sell
 


 
 
AUD/USD
0.7986
Strong Sell
 


 
 
USD/CAD
1.2433
Strong Buy
 


 
 
EUR/JPY
130.04
Strong Sell
 


 
 
EUR/CHF
1.1381
Strong Sell
 






 
 
Gold


 


 
 
Silver


 


 
 
Copper


 


 
 
Crude Oil WTI


 


 
 
Brent Oil


 


 
 
Natural Gas


 


 
 
US Coffee C


 






 
 
Dow 30


 


 
 
Nasdaq 100


 


 
 
S&P 500


 


 
 
DAX


 


 
 
FTSE 100


 


 
 
CAC 40


 


 
 
Nikkei 225


 






 
 
Apple


 


 
 
Alphabet A


 


 
 
Bank of America


 


 
 
JPMorgan


 


 
 
Exxon Mobil


 


 
 
BP


 


 
 
Deutsche Bank AG


 



 

Start Trading Today 
Recent Quotes NamePriceChg.Chg. %  UBIA7.2000-0.8000-10.00% 


Add to Watchlist
Add to Watchlist


Add to Watchlist (Max 50)

Select where to add the results:





			Added successfully		


Create Portfolio
Apply 



Create 



Close 

 



 

Market Movers


Most Active
Gainers %
Losers %







 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
MO
66.94
-9.49%
54.40M

 


 
SBUX
54.00
-9.24%
53.45M

 


 
FB
172.45
+1.18%
24.56M

 


 
AAPL
149.50
-0.70%
17.21M

 


 
BABA
157.56
+2.21%
14.45M

 


 
BIDU
220.00
+9.45%
12.59M

 


 
AMZN
1,020.04
-2.48%
7.71M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
BIDU
220.00
+9.45%
12.59M

 


 
FSLR
48.87
+9.06%
9.31M

 


 
MHK
248.65
+4.33%
1.20M

 


 
COL
113.73
+4.32%
2.87M

 


 
LYB
89.89
+3.88%
3.98M

 


 
HIG
54.82
+3.59%
4.66M

 


 
EXPE
159.50
+3.40%
4.40M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
FLS
41.30
-10.91%
6.85M

 


 
MO
66.94
-9.49%
54.40M

 


 
SBUX
54.00
-9.24%
53.45M

 


 
GT
32.51
-8.37%
18.00M

 


 
MAT
19.64
-7.82%
22.88M

 


 
WDC
84.97
-7.54%
11.20M

 


 
SCG
61.29
-6.63%
2.47M

 

 


Promotions

 
Should You Try Trading New Markets?
Nadex 

 
Webinars






Identify sell and buy market areas

Tuesday, August 1, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Does your trading edge suck? Lets fix it

Thursday, August 3, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Intraday indicator Pivot point (daily formula)

Tuesday, August 8, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Neurolinguistics programming & trading psychology

Tuesday, August 15, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 





   
















 

Sign up for FREE and get:
 Real-Time Alerts
 Advanced Portfolio Features
 Personalized Charts
 Fully-Synced App








Continue with Facebook



Continue with Google


or

Sign up with Email





 












UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET LTD-DE  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations (form 10-Q)















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Companies  >  All News


News : Companies




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectorsAll News Analyst Recommendations Rumors IPOs Capital Markets Transactions New Contracts Profits warnings Appointments Press Releases Events Corporate actions 










UBI BLOCKCHAIN INTERNET LTD-DE  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations (form 10-Q)



































0






07/17/2017 | 07:48pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





Forward-Looking Statements
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. When
used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the words "may," "could,"
"estimate," "intend," "continue," "believe," "expect" or "anticipate" and
similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe
that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in any forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these plans, intentions, or expectations may not be
achieved. Our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ
materially from those contemplated, expressed, or implied, by the
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-Q.
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
forward-looking statements are set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are
made. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our
behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-Q, except as required by federal
securities laws, we are under no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our
forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ
materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking
statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as
any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and
uncertainties.
In this form 10-Q references to "UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.," "JA Energy,"
"the Company", "we," "us," and "our" refer to UBI Blockchain Internet Ltd. (a
Delaware Company).




Critical Accounting Policies




There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and
estimates from the information provided in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2016.
Corporate History and Business Overview
The Company was organized August 26, 2010 (Date of Inception) under the laws of
the State of Nevada, as JA Energy. The Company was incorporated as a subsidiary
of Reshoot Production Company, a Nevada corporation. Reshoot Production Company
was incorporated October 31, 2007, and, at the time of spin off was listed on
the Over-the- Counter Bulletin Board.
On November 21, 2016, the Company reincorporated in Delaware under the name UBI
Blockchain Internet Ltd. and increased the number of authorized shares from
75,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares consisting of 130,000,000 authorized shares of
Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock and
64,000,000 authorized shares of Class C Common Stock. On October 7, 2016,
30,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 6,000,000 shares of Class B common
stock were issued. On March 1, 2017, 40,000,000 shares of Class C common stock
were issued. All of the preceding shares were issued in reliance on the
exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Act") and were issued under Regulation S to one (1) foreign entity who attested
it is an accredited investor who is not a citizen nor a resident of the USA.



16







Business Description



UBI Blockchain Internet's business encompasses the research and application in
the blockchain technology with a focus on the Internet of things ("IoT")
covering areas of food and drugs, healthcare, just to name a few. The Company
will leverage the stock market to build a new business technology platform,
specialized in the safety and freshness keeping of food and drugs within the
context of micro and macro environment of the human life.
UBI plans to set up teams, that are dedicated to blockchain application and
research, application of the internet of things, IT and data analytics in order
to achieve its business goals.
An internet of things is defined as: the internetworking of physical devices,
vehicles (also referred to as "connected devices" and "smart devices"),
buildings, and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors,
actuators, and network connectivity that enable these objects to collect and
exchange data. The IoT allows objects to be sensed and/or controlled remotely
across existing network infrastructure, creating opportunities for more direct
integration of the physical world into computer-based systems, and resulting in
improved efficiency, accuracy and economic benefit. Blockchain, originally block
chain, is defined as: a distributed database that maintains a
continuously-growing list of ordered records called blocks. Each block contains
a timestamp and a link to a previous block. By design, blockchains are resistant
to modification of the data - once recorded, the data in a block cannot be
altered retroactively. The Company plans to develop and specialize in the
design, development, promotion and sales of blockchain technology and internet
of things.
Blockchain technology-based applications
Management plans to focus its business in the integrated wellness industry,
which providing procedures for safety and effectiveness in food and drugs, but
also preventing counterfeit or fake food and drugs. With the advancement of the
blockchain technology, we can trace a food or drug product all the way up to its
original source within the context of the internet of things.
We are in the early stages of blockchain technology, which can store
decentralized and distributed software ledger with complete transaction history.
Blockchain technology has a wide range of potential applications, in addition to
financial, real estate, back office systems and stock trading applications.
Blockchain is a distributed ledger agreement that allows projects or
transactions to be transparently registered and is first developed for use in a
variety of industries to offer a wide range of services including banking, stock
trading, real estate and even global diamond sales. More and more financial
giants join blockchain technology applications and research and development,
including IBM, Microsoft, Intel, Blockstream and Thompson Reuters, to further
accelerate blockchain technology as a maturity and development system.
Management believes the investments in the field of blockchain are growing. Due
to maturity and safety of blockchain technology, it can play a role in many
fields, and management believes its application field and development potential
offer a growth opportunity for the Company.



17







The five features of blockchain include: de-centralization, openness, autonomy,
non-tampering and anonymity. These features make blockchain an advantage in
science and finance. Blockchain technology is a decentralized, distributed
ledger that allows each transaction to be recorded and verified by network,
which means that they do not need a central regulator such as a bank or
financial institution. Transactions are also anonymous and theoretically
real-time, although recent network over-saturation has led to this problem. The
block-based distributed accounting technology, combined with its artificial
intelligence and internet of things technologies, makes it possible for billions
of smart technologies to connect to internet for greater security, allowing
virtual time travel and allowing regulators to return to the point at which the
problem occurred. One of potential application of this technology is the
creation of registers based on blockchain of IoT devices, and the use of
artificial intelligence programs to perform automated intelligent diagnostics
and more advanced functions, which can ultimately lead engineers and regulators
to virtualize clock backwards. At the same time, blockchain technology can
reduce audit costs; reduce distrust of central node, so that flow of financial
assets is more transparent and convenient. In fact, current blockchain
technology is indeed application of digital electronic payments to "blockchain
+" transition extension from financial sector gradually to IoT and other
non-financial areas which will trigger more and greater industrial restructuring
and revolution. It is our time to enter real power blockchain technology.
The central concept and future development of blockchain are trends of things
fit, leading gradual self-government of things. Blockchain technology is a good
solution: infrastructure investment, high maintenance costs and data security
issues. Blockchain technology support IoT which is an extension and more
advanced stage of internet. Blockchain technology research and application will
make IoT networking shine. Blockchain's point-to-point communication platform
gives a subtle solution. Blockchain technology creates a shared, distributed,
digital book between network nodes to record transactions, rather than storing
them on a central server. Thus, eliminate the need for central verification. It
provides a way to create a consensus network without having trust a single node,
and data store does not need to be stored in a central server, but by sharing it
to all nodes in the network.
Internet of Things (IoT) is about creating digital representations of real-world
objects. It is a phenomenon that draws on rapid developments within IT, ICT and
telecommunications to spark insights and to help companies create entirely new
types of services and business areas. Management believes that the Internet of
Things will be the next technology to promote the rapid development of the
world's important productive forces.



Health Care Business Focus



Management believes that the global IoT in healthcare market is growing at a
significant growth rate, due to increasing demand for advanced healthcare
information system, and growing prevalence of chronic and lifestyle associated
diseases.
The IoT applications in healthcare, such as telemedicine, medication management,
clinical operations and workflow management, inpatient monitoring, helps in
compiling services related to diagnosis, treatment, care, and rehabilitation.
They improve communication between patients and healthcare providers, in order
to reduce medication errors, and provide better coordinated care.



18







Blockchain technology supports IoT which is an extension and more advanced stage
of internet. Blockchain's point-to-point communication platform problem, gives a
subtle solution. Blockchain technology creates a shared, distributed, digital
book between network nodes to record transactions, rather than storing them on a
central server. Thus eliminating need for central verification. It provides a
way to create a consensus network without having to trust a single node, and
data store does not need to be stored in a central server, but by sharing it to
all nodes in network. Blockchain technology can also help solve medical field of
data privacy and other issues, such as custody of electronic medical records,
safe storage of genetic data, drug security and so on.



The Market Opportunity



The Company is in the early stages of blockchain technology, which can store
decentralized and distributed software ledger with complete transaction history.
Blockchain technology has a wide range of potential applications, in addition to
financial, real estate, and back office systems. Blockchain can be utlized as a
distributed ledger agreement that allows projects or transactions to be
transparently registered and can be used in a variety of industries to offer a
wide range of services including banking, stock trading, real estate and even
global diamond sales.
Blockchain technology can play a role in many fields. Blockchain transactions
are theoretically real-time. The block-based distributed accounting technology,
combined with its artificial intelligence and internet of things technologies,
makes it possible for countless of smart technologies to connect to internet for
greater security, allowing technicians to return to the point at which the
problem occurred. One of potential applications of this technology is the
creation of registers based on blockchain of IoT devices, and the use of
artificial intelligence programs to perform automated intelligent diagnostics
and more advanced functions, which can ultimately lead engineers and technicians
to virtualize clock backwards. At the same time, blockchain technology can
reduce audit costs; reduce distrust of central node, so that flow of financial
assets is more transparent and convenient. In fact, current blockchain
technology is indeed application of digital electronic payments to "block chain
+" transition extension from financial sector gradually to IoT and other
non-financial areas which will trigger more and greater industrial restructuring
and revolution.
The internet of things is based on computer science, including network,
electronics, radio frequency, induction, wireless, artificial intelligence, bar
code, cloud computing, automation, embedded technology as an integrated
technology. Internet of things is called the third wave of the world information
industry revolution, after computer revolution, and the second internet
revolution. Management believes that within 10 years, internet of things will be
widely used in intelligent medicine, intelligent transportation, environmental
protection, government work, public safety, safety home, intelligent home
appliance, industrial monitoring, elderly care, personal health, intelligent
building, green agriculture and breeding, surveillance, imaging, computers,
mobile phones and other fields.



19







Blockchain technology is a good solution for: infrastructure investment, high
maintenance costs and data security issues. Blockchain technology supports IoT
which is an extension and more advanced stage of internet. Blockchain technology
research and application will make IoT networking more efficient. Blockchain
technology creates a shared, distributed, digital book between network nodes to
record transactions, rather than storing them on a central server. This
eliminates the need for central verification. It provides a way to create a
consensus network without having to trust a single node, and data store does not
need to be stored in a central server, but by sharing it to all nodes in
network. Blockchain technology can also solve medical field of data privacy and
other issues, such as custody of electronic medical records, safe storage of
genetic data, and drug security.



Our Strategy



Our strategy is to make UBI the premier online investment and communication
platform in key markets in China, and later on we may expand into Europe and
North America. To achieve this goal, we intend to do the following:
• Introducing innovative products
We plan to develop commercially applicable blockchain based payment and other
functions, such as product tracking. We aim at satisfaction of user experience,
covering the consumption after sales.
• Create brand awareness and drive sales of our products and services in key
markets
We intend to target our marketing efforts to create global awareness of our
brand and drive sales of our products and services in the key markets of China.
• Employ professional investment professionals, academics, university professors
and communication professionals
We plan to employ investment professionals, academics, university professors and
communication professionals from around the world to develop technologies
applications to human beings.
• Coordinate with strategic partners in each of the target markets for marketing
and distribution
We believe that international markets represent a significant growth opportunity
for us and we intend to expand sales of our products and services globally
through selected retailers and strategic partnerships. We plan to work with key
partners in the target markets to provide marketing and distribution expertise
and assistance. Although it may be challenging to gain market acceptance in
these markets, we believe the assistance of such experts will expedite the
process.



20







Competitive Strengths




We believe that the following strengths position us to build our business model:
1. Building a Creative Commercial Platform through Independent Design and
Development
We plan to make an integrated platform that incorporates the blockchain
technology, internet of things, and a stock market. This platform when once
built, will support blockchain based payment, the convenience of internet of
things, with the speed, safety, and convenience not yet experienced. We plan to
establish a brand name of "Global UBI" for our products.
2. We Believe We Have Good Relations in China's Healthcare Industry
In China, we believe that our management has good relations in the field of
integrated health industry for scientific research and development, raw material
production base and other industrial chains. Our management is also familiar
with the international pharmaceutical market and the food market. We believe
that technology is the top productive force. The effective combination of
blockchain technology and Internet of Things technology which exclude all
possible human factors, its centralization, transparency and chain cannot be
tampered with, traceability, etc. can solve the drug and food safety issues.



Target Market



At present, fake drugs are common in China, as there exists little regulation of
production, and no guaranteed efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine. There
has been an excessive use of antibiotics, poison capsules incidents, vaccine
cases ginkgo leaf, licorice tablets and other major drug cases, seriously
affecting people's physical and mental health. Therefore, food and drug safety
is related to the vital interests of millions of people in China.
Sources of Income and Pricing
We plan to use application of information technology (IT), blockchain technology
and IoT technology that permeate virtually all aspects of corporate and social
activity, effective combination of food and drugs safety and management of labor
relations. The products and services enabled by it have had a major impact to
the healthcare industry. As we look to the future, emerging technologies raise
new trend in security, law enforcement, privacy, safety in food and drug of
healthcare industry.



21







Sales and Marketing




The Company plans to place an emphasis on social media for the marketing and
advancement of blockchain, internet of things, and technological innovation
platform as well as the traditional health application, food and drug production
process chain for more transparent transactions. The Company plans to implement
original sources of procurement advantages, and preferred overseas products. For
the domestic high-end consumers, we provide more efficient, convenient and
affordable imports of quality goods.
Management believes Chinese consumers are more likely to consider buying a
product if they see it mentioned on a social-media site and more likely to
purchase a product or service if a friend or acquaintance recommends it on a
social-media site.
Chinese consumers rely heavily upon peer-to-peer recommendations over general
mass advertising. In general, the Chinese populace is skeptical of information
from news sources and advertising and rely more on word-of-mouth from friends,
family, and key opinion leaders, many of whom share information on social media.
While messaging and sharing photos is as popular in China as in other regions,
one aspect of usage in the country stands out: social media has a greater
influence on purchasing decisions for consumers in China than for those anywhere
else in the world. Due to the widespread use of social media in China, the
Company will focus its marketing efforts on this medium. The Company will be
present with its own social media site on the largest Chinese social media
platforms. Sale of products and services will take place on the portal. With
regards to North America and European Market, we anticipate employing a similar
strategy. Our most important profit and revenue will come from our development
of drugs, food safety software, and system platform technology to promote sales
and transfer technology. These software technologies and platform technologies
will be widely used in health industry businesses and regulatory agencies.



Manufacturing



The Company does not at this time engage in any manufacturing but may engage in
manufacturing of products to be sold on the Company's website in the future.



Government Regulation



We are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United
States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including laws
and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, data security, data
retention, consumer protection, advertising, electronic commerce, intellectual
property, manufacturing, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and economic or other
trade prohibitions or sanctions. These laws and regulations are continuously
evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or
may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly
with respect to foreign laws.



22







In particular, there are numerous U.S. federal, state, and local laws and
regulations and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and the
collection, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal
information and other user data, the scope of which is changing, subject to
differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different
jurisdictions. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal
obligations, and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy, data security,
and data protection. However, given that the scope, interpretation, and
application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be
conflicting, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and
may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure
to comply with our privacy or security policies or privacy-related legal
obligations by us or third-party service-providers or the failure or perceived
failure by third-party apps, with which our users choose to share their data, to
comply with their privacy policies or privacy-related legal obligations as they
relate to the data shared with them, or any compromise of security that results
in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information
or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation,
or negative publicity, and could have an adverse effect on our brand and
operating results.
We plan to develop solutions to ensure that data transfers from the E.U. provide
adequate protections to comply with the E.U. Data Protection Directive. If we
fail to develop such alternative data transfer solutions, one or more national
data protection authorities in the European Union could bring enforcement
actions seeking to prohibit or suspend our data transfers to the U.S. and we
could also face additional legal liability, fines, negative publicity, and
resulting loss of business.
Governments are continuing to focus on privacy and data security and it is
possible that new privacy or data security laws will be passed or existing laws
will be amended in a way that is material to our business. Any significant
change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding our
users' data could require us to modify our services and features, possibly in a
material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new products, services,
and features. Although we have made efforts to design our policies, procedures,
and systems to comply with the current requirements of applicable state,
federal, and foreign laws, changes to applicable laws and regulations in this
area could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, any of which could
significantly increase our operating costs.
The labeling, distribution, importation, marketing, and sale of our products are
subject to extensive regulation by various U.S. state and federal and foreign
agencies, including the CPSC, Federal Trade Commission, Food and Drug
Administration, or FDA, Federal Communications Commission, and state attorneys
general, as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local, and
international regulatory authorities in the countries in which our products and
services are distributed or sold. If we fail to comply with any of these
regulations, we could become subject to enforcement actions or the imposition of
significant monetary fines, other penalties, or claims, which could harm our
operating results or our ability to conduct our business.



23







The global nature of our business operations also create various domestic and
foreign regulatory challenges and subject us to laws and regulations such as the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar
anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, and our products
are also subject to U.S. export controls, including the U.S. Department of
Commerce's Export Administration Regulations and various economic and trade
sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign
Assets Controls. If we become liable under these laws or regulations, we may be
forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This
may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain
products or services, which would negatively affect our business, financial
condition, and operating results. In addition, the increased attention focused
upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits, regulatory proceedings, and
legislative proposals could harm our brand or otherwise impact the growth of our
business. Any costs incurred as a result of compliance or other liabilities
under these laws or regulations could harm our business and operating results.



Employees



We have 11 full-time employees. Within our workforce, 4 employees are engaged in
product development and 7 employees are engaged in business development,
finance, human resources, facilities, information technology and general
management and administration. We expect the number of employees to rise to more
than 25 by the end of December, 2017. We have no collective bargaining
agreements with our employees and we have not experienced any work stoppages. We
consider our relationship with our employees to be good.



Recent Event



On May 16, 2017, UBI executed an agreement to acquire Shenzhen Nova E-commerce,
Ltd., ("NOVA") a private Shenzhen Chinese corporation. Under the terms of the
Agreement UBI is to acquire 100% ownership of Nova in exchange for 25,000,000
unregistered restricted Class C common shares by UBI. The 130 owners of NOVA are
to receive Class C common shares, based on their pro-rata ownership of NOVA,
when the transferred ownership of NOVA has been completed. Following the
acquisition and the licensee name change to UBI, NOVA will be a 100% owned
subsidiary of the Company.
The owners of NOVA will exchange their shares for Class C common shares of UBIA.
Upon exchange, the NOVA shares are to be cancelled. In China, the exchange of
shares requires the cancellation of registered shares of NOVA with the Chinese
authorities. This process can take a few weeks to a couple of months to
complete. The acquisition officially takes place when the governmental
cancellation of the NOVA shares is effective. Management expects government
approval by the end of July, 2017.



24







About Shenzhen Nova E-commerce, Ltd
Shenzhen Nova E-commerce Ltd. ("NOVA") was incorporated on May 26, 2016 and
currently operates an online store in China selling a wide range of products
including maternal and infant products, cosmetics, wine, household goods,
digital and luxury products. Nova's website became operational in April, 2017.
NOVA is registered in Qianhai Free Trade Zone, China. Its business operation is
an e-commerce platform offering online retail service, via OYA Mall. From its
inception on May 26, 2016 through April, 2017, NOVA has been building its
website and infrastructure. Nova has commenced its operation in April 2017.
NOVA's Chinese language website is: www.oyamall.com. The website is operational,
where customers can buy products, including food, non-prescription medicine,
skin care products etc. offered on the website. For the purpose of this filing,
the website is not part of this filing, but referenced for informational
purposes.




Results of Operations



Revenues



During the nine month period ended May 31, 2017, the Company had no revenues.



Expenses



For the three months ended May 31, 2017, the Company had total operating
expenses of $668,669 as compared to $10,573 in 2016. The 2017 operating expenses
consisted of salaries of $190,701, consulting fees of $409,167, legal and
professional fees of $53,652 and other general and administrative expenses of
$15,149. For the nine months ended May 31, 2017, the Company had total operating
expenses of $1,170,660 as compared to $35,854 in 2016. The 2017 operating
expenses consisted of salaries of $370,270, consulting fees of $665,834, legal
and professional fees of $93,168 and other general and administrative expenses
of $41,388.



Net Loss



For the three months ended May 31, 2017, the Company had a net loss of
$(668,669) or $(0.01) per share of Class A and Class C common stock and compared
to a loss of $(10,573) or $(0.05) per share of Class A and Class C common stock
for the same period last year.
For the nine months ended May 31, 2017, the Company had a net loss of
$(1,123,085) or $(0.03) per share of Class A and Class C common stock and
compared to a loss of $(35,854) or $(0.17) per share of Class A and Class C
common stock for the same period last year.

25







Going Concern



The financial statements included with this quarterly report have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a
going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As of May 31,
2017, the Company has accumulated losses of approximately $5,677,344 since
inception. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is contingent
upon the successful completion of additional financing arrangements and its
ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations. Management plans to raise
equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements of the Company.
Amounts raised will be used to further development of the Company's services, to
provide financing for marketing and promotion and for other working capital
purposes. While the Company is putting forth its best efforts to achieve the
above plans, there is no assurance that any such activity will generate funds
that will be available for operations.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue
as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might arise from this uncertainty.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
As of May 31, 2017 the Company has total assets of $2,407,378 consisting of
office equipment of $6,045, prepaid stock-based compensation of $2,398,333 and
prepaid expenses of $3,000 and total liabilities of $353,300.
The Company has limited financial resources available, which has had an adverse
impact on the Company's liquidity, activities and operations. These limitations
have adversely affected the Company's ability to obtain certain projects and
pursue additional business. Without realization of additional capital, it would
be unlikely for the Company to continue as a going concern. In order for the
Company to remain a Going Concern it will need to find additional capital.
Additional working capital may be sought through additional debt or equity
private placements, additional notes payable to banks or related parties
(officers, directors or stockholders), or from other available funding sources
at market rates of interest, or a combination of these. The ability to raise
necessary financing will depend on many factors, including the nature and
prospects of any business to be acquired and the economic and market conditions
prevailing at the time financing is sought. No assurances can be given that any
necessary financing can be obtained on terms favorable to the Company, or at
all.



26







Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Revenue Recognition: We recognize revenue from services and product sales once
all of the following criteria for revenue recognition have been met: pervasive
evidence that an agreement exists; the services have been rendered; the fee is
fixed and determinable and not subject to refund or adjustment; and collection
of the amount due is reasonable assured.



New Accounting Standards



Management has evaluated recently issued accounting pronouncements through May
31, 2017 and concluded that they will not have a material effect on future
financial statements.© Edgar Online, source Glimpses




















































0






 






Latest news "Companies"




04:28a UBS AG (NYSE : UBS) reported earnings of $0.32 per share beating Walls Streets expectations.

04:23a MCDONALD : Soda tax puts some Elgin businesses at 'competitive disadvantage'

04:20a SEARS : As Lincoln Mall demolition continues, debris being recycled

04:18a BUFFALO WILD WINGS : Orland Park man charged with injuring officer while in lockup

04:10a WELLS FARGO CUTS 69 EXECUTIVE JOBS : spokesman

04:04aDJFIFTH THIRD BANCORP : White House Considers Regional Bank Executive for FDIC Chair

03:58a SPRINT SEEKS ALTERNATIVES TO A MERGER WITH T-MOBILE : sources

03:55a INSIDER TRADING ACTIVITY MODSYS INTERNATIONAL LTD (NASDAQ : MDSYF) – Major Shareholder Bought 1,050 shares of Stock

03:55a CLOSE BROTHERS : Pre-Close Trading Update

03:54a INSIDER TRADING ACTIVITY MOBILE MINI, INC. (NASDAQ : MINI) – CFO Sold 16,339 shares of Stock



Latest news "Companies"





Advertisement 




MOST READ NEWS


1BANCO SANTANDER : BANCO SANTANDER : Santander Net Profit Rises

2BAIDU : BAIDU : Q2 Net Up 83%

3ENGIE : ENGIE : leader of the 4th French Energy Regulatory…

4BT GROUP : BT forced to pay out to avoid court battle over Italian scandal

5AIR FRANCE-KLM : AIR FRANCE - KLM : Availability of the 2017 First Half financial report


More news

HOT NEWS












ADIDAS

+8.79%




Tech sector depresses European shares on busy earnings day














STARBUCKS CORPORATIO.

-9.24%




Says coffee needs 70 percent locked in for financial year 2018 - CFO














BAIDU

+9.45%




Profit Rises in Rebound From Beijing Crackdown -- Update














ESSILOR INTERNATIONA.

-4.12%




Sticks to profitability target despite dip in sunglasses sales














HARTFORD FINANCIAL S.

+3.59%




Sources














ROTORK

-7.50%




Says CEO quits as it looks for a fresh head



More news



 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave





