    Ismail Lakkis | UBILITE Inc | ZoomInfo.com

UBILITE - Ubiquitous Light Devices














HOME



COMPANY



TECHNOLOGY



CAREERS



CONTACT












            Contact Us
            

            Ubilite, Inc.
            3129 Tiger Run Ct, Ste A214-A215
            Carlsbad, CA 92010


            Phone  : 1-760-260-8610
            Careers: info@ubilite.com



            Copyright © 2014 Ubilite, Inc. All rights reserved.
        





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














UBILITE Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:11 AM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of UBILITE Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
UBILITE Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets semiconductors for wireless connectivity products. It offers ultra low power, disposable and wearable wireless local area networks that are used in sensing and controlling consumer and enterprise applications. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Carlsbad, California.


3129 Tiger Run CourtSuite A214-A215Carlsbad, CA 92010United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 760-260-8610

www.ubilite.com







Key Executives for UBILITE Inc.


UBILITE Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 SolTech Inc. United States 1366 Technologies, Inc. United States 21-Century Silicon, Inc. United States 3AxisData LLC United States 3DSP Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 5, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact UBILITE Inc., please visit www.ubilite.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























UBILITE INC San Diego CA, 92121 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Engineering, Accounting, Research, Management, and Related Services
Ubilite Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Ubilite Inc



9909 Huennekens St, Ste 215

San Diego,
							
							
							 CA
							
							
							 92121-2929
							
							 |  view map


(760) 260-8610

www.ubilite.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

UBILITE INC is in the Commercial Physical and Biological Research industry in San Diego, CA.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Commercial Physical and Biological Research
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2014
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Hammer & CO


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Walbro


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


TRI State Metal Works


A 1 Raidator Service


RAM Enterprises Inc


Barnes & Noble


Ideal Construction CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
✪


								5.0
							


							( Based on
							
							1
							Rating
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								1
								review)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Ubilite Inc
Rate Ubilite Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Ubilite Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOGUE
VOLTAIRE
VUDEN INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
W & B TRUCKING INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC
CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC
ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC
FACTOR SALES INC
YADIN CO INC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

STINGER WELDING INC
AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
PANALPINA INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




U & I Products, Inc. - Utility and Industrial Products, Inc. HomePage








 
Welcomes  you today!.

Celebrating 50 Years of Service!



Information
Registration Form 
SEL Videos 

Printable LineSheet (295 Kb; pdf)
(Works best with Adobe Reader X)

Copyright 2017
Utility and Industrial Products, Inc.
Design & Hosted by WhiteHouse Creations





 




Ubilite







































 




















UBILITE Inc. is a San Diego-based fabless semiconductor company that designs and markets Ultra Low Power (ULP) 802.11 based wireless connectivity products for the Internet of Everything (IoE). The company is a pioneer in designing Ultra Low Power (ULP), disposable and wearable Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs), which will be used extensively in sensing, and control of consumer and enterprise applications.
Ubilite offers connectivity solutions consisting of:

Ultra Low Power 802.11 Systems on a Chip (SoC)s with 10x better power consumption than the competition, built-in IPV6 and IPV4 protocol support, wake up radio, integrated power management, sensing and control interfaces
Connectivity and application development tools and software
Embedded connectivity modules with integrated processing, energy harvesting and battery integration to be used as a development tool for Ultra Low Power and disposable IoE applications









































Technology | Ubilite







































 










Technology 











As an innovator of WLAN, UBILITE Inc., will develop the world’s lowest peak power WLAN Silicon on Chip (SoC) that will beat existing products off the shelf by at least ten fold.
Our design focuses on the following:

Ubilite’s Ultra Low Power Connectivity SoC (ULP 802.11)
This will be the first Connectivity SoC that will operate using coin cell solid state or printed batteries along with energy harvesting, leading to exceptionally long life without the need for battery replacement or recharging.

ULP 802.11’s Novel System Design

Novel Ultra Low Power RF Baseband and MAC architecture
Use of low voltage circuits
Integrated DC-DC converter supporting a multitude of power sources ranging from batteries to energy harvesting
Intelligent Power Management
Integrated interfaces for sensing, and controls
IPV6/ IPV4, and Mesh Network support
Use of latest small geometry and low power fabrication processes


Highest Battery Life
This will be the first solution that puts minimal drain on battery with well managed sleep states. The customers will be able to use the device without the need to change the batteries for exceptionally long periods and even longer through the use energy harvesting.
Low Foot Print
Our Connectivity SoC has the least memory foot print for the Firmware and Software while offering great performance and functionality.
Compatibility to existing IoE clouds
Our Connectivity SoC will have drivers that will support SEP 2.0, Zatar, Open source software from Open Interconnect Consortium and works well with Allseen Alliance stack.
Complete reference design modules and software tools for development and deployment.








 






























Careers | Ubilite







































 










Careers 











Ubilite is leading provider of Connectivity technology solutions to enable Internet of Everything (IoE). We design, develop and supply complete system-on-a-chip (SoC) solutions incorporating digital, analog and radio frequency (RF) technologies, as well as related system-level hardware and software IoE applications.
UBILITE is a company created by eminent engineers, managed by experienced industry leaders and powered by the talents of a highly diverse and motivated workforce. We support a multicultural environment and make it our business to hire, inspire and develop the very best people in the industry, worldwide.
UBILITE is looking applications from the prospective employees for following positions.  Please send an email to jobs@ubilite.com to apply.










FPGA Design Engineer



Job ID : UBIE1001
Job Area : San Diego, California
Company UBILITE
UBILITE Inc. is a San Diego-based fabless semiconductor company that designs and markets Ultra Low Power (ULP) 802.11 based wireless connectivity products for the Internet of Everything (IoE). The company is a pioneer in designing Ultra Low Power (ULP), disposable and wearable Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs), which will be used extensively in sensing, and control of consumer and enterprise applications.
Job Overview
We are currently seeking talented FPGA engineers to support hardware development of chip test platforms. The role involves working closely with hardware engineering teams to help perform initial prototype hardware debug and distribution, and new silicon bring up. This requires the ability to debug platform and hardware, and analyze and create reports on experiments/collected data.
Qualifications

Experience in FPGA design from RTL through simulation, synthesis, and on-target verification.
Experience with Xilinx ISE for FPGA development.
Good understanding of Board Level Schematics and Layout.
Understanding and use of at least some of the flowing interfaces: JTAG, I2C, SPI, PCIe, USB, high speed ADC and DAC.
Familiar with CPU sub-system.
Familiar with SRAM, DRAM and Flash operation and interface.
Proficiency with common hardware lab test equipment (Oscilloscope, Logic Analyzer, Protocol Analyzer, spectrum analyzer, signal generator, network analyzer, JTAG debuggers etc.).
Experience programming in C/C++, Matlab, Perl/Python is a plus.
Familiar with embedded software design such as RTOS, embedded Linux, Windows device.
Hands-on experience of troubleshooting to component level for both RF analog and Digital circuits.
Self-motivated, excellent communication skills and ability to excel in a team.
Experience with WiFi product is a plus.

Education

Required: MS degree in Electrical or Computer Science.
Preferred: PhD in Electrical Engineering or Compute Science

Keywords

FPGA, RTL, PCB, Xilinx






ASIC Design Engineer



Job ID : UBIE1002
Job Area : San Diego, California
Company UBILITE
UBILITE Inc. is a San Diego-based fabless semiconductor company that designs and markets Ultra Low Power (ULP) 802.11 based wireless connectivity products for the Internet of Everything (IoE). The company is a pioneer in designing Ultra Low Power (ULP), disposable and wearable Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs), which will be used extensively in sensing, and control of consumer and enterprise applications.
Job Overview
Our digital ASIC team is currently seeking talented candidates for digital design and implementation for our ULP WiFi chips. In this position, the designer will be responsible for design and verification of various 802.11 digital ASIC designs. In this role, you will also interact with the protocol, systems, software teams at various phase of the design flow.
Qualifications

Experience with RTL Verilog design and simulation.
Strong background in digital design is desired.
Capability to learn new skills or technologies as needed and be self-motivated.
Knowledge of 802.11 (Wireless LAN) protocol is a plus

Education

Required: MS degree in Electrical or Computer Science.
Preferred: PhD in Electrical Engineering or Compute Science

Keywords

RTL, Verilog, ASIC






ULP SoC Lead



Job ID : UBIE3005
Job Area : San Diego, California
Company UBILITE
UBILITE Inc. is a San Diego-based fabless semiconductor company that designs and markets Ultra Low Power (ULP) 802.11 based wireless connectivity products for the Internet of Everything (IoE). The company is a pioneer in designing Ultra Low Power (ULP), disposable and wearable Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs), which will be used extensively in sensing, and control of consumer and enterprise applications.
Job Overview
Our digital ASIC team is currently seeking talented candidates for SoC design and verification for our ULP WiFi chips. Successful candidates will be responsible for Full chip design, ASIC design including architecture, integration and verification, RTL design, synthesis, and timing closure of 802.11 ULP SoC. In this role, you will also interact with the radio, protocol, systems, and software teams at various phase of the design flow.
Qualifications

A minimum of 10 years of solid experience in SoC Design, Integration, Verification, and post-Si Validation.
Developing architecture and micro-architecture from specs.
Experience with complex SoC integrations including advanced verification techniques.
Experience with Cadence Design Flow.
Understanding of various bus protocols AHB, AXI and peripherals like I2S and USB.
Understanding of CPU-Subsystem and Memory controller.
Demonstrated ability to innovate and make architectural and design trade-offs for balancing performance/power/area of designs
Experience with RTL design, synthesis, static timing analysis, formal verification, low power design, test plan development, coverage-based design verification, and/or design-for-test (DFT).
Experience in coding with Verilog and scripting languages like Perl, Python, tcl.
Strong analytical and debugging skills.
Self-motivated, excellent communication skills and ability to excel in a team environment.

Education

Required: MS degree in Electrical or Computer Science.
Preferred: PhD in Electrical Engineering or Compute Science

Keywords

SoC, ASIC, RTL, Cadence






Analog Power Management Engineer



Job ID : UBIE5003
Job Area : San Diego, California
Company UBILITE
UBILITE Inc. is a San Diego-based fabless semiconductor company that designs and markets Ultra Low Power (ULP) 802.11 based wireless connectivity products for the Internet of Everything (IoE). The company is a pioneer in designing Ultra Low Power (ULP), disposable and wearable Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs), which will be used extensively in sensing, and control of consumer and enterprise applications.
Job Overview
Our digital ASIC team is currently seeking talented candidates for CMOS analog power management unit (PMU) for our ULP WiFi chips. Successful candidates will be responsible for PMU circuit level design of buck/boost DC-DC converters, and Low Dropout Regulators among other blocks. In this role, you will also interact with the radio, protocol, systems, and software teams at various phase of the design.
Qualifications

A minimum of 5 years of solid experience in CMOS PMU circuit level design and layout supervision.
Experience in buck and boost DC-DC converters.
Experience in Low Dropout Regulators.
Experience in voltage and current references.
Experience with Cadence Design Flow.
Strong analytical and debugging skills.
Self-motivated, excellent communication skills and ability to excel in a team environment.

Education

Required: MS degree in Electrical or Computer Science.
Preferred: PhD in Electrical Engineering or Compute Science

Keywords

PMU, DC-DC, LDO






RFIC Design Engineer



Job ID : UBIE6007
Job Area : San Diego, California
Company UBILITE
UBILITE Inc. is a San Diego-based fabless semiconductor company that designs and markets Ultra Low Power (ULP) 802.11 based wireless connectivity products for the Internet of Everything (IoE). The company is a pioneer in designing Ultra Low Power (ULP), disposable and wearable Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs), which will be used extensively in sensing, and control of consumer and enterprise applications.
Job Overview
Our RFIC team is currently seeking talented candidates for CMOS radio and/or analog circuit designers for our ULP WiFi chips. Successful candidates will be responsible for circuit level design of various radio and/or analog blocks. In this role, you will also interact with the radio, and systems teams at various phase of the design.
Qualifications

A minimum of 2 years of solid experience in CMOS circuit level design and layout supervision.
Solid background in CMOS analog design (amplifiers, op-amps, differential circuits, …).
Experience in RF circuits is a plus.
Experience with Cadence Design Environment.
Strong analytical and debugging skills.
Strong analytical and debugging skills.
Self-motivated, excellent communication skills and ability to excel in a team environment.

Education

Required: MS degree in Electrical or Computer Science.
Preferred: PhD in Electrical Engineering or Compute Science

Keywords

CMOS, Circuits.













 

































Company | Ubilite







































 










Company 











The Internet of Everything (IoE) is connecting devices and sensors in consumer wearables, at home and in enterprise to the Internet. IoE promises significant return on investment and new application opportunities for industrial automation, asset tracking, building control, retail, automotive, home automation, consumer mobile and wearables. IoE uses the existing Internet infrastructure but builds on connecting all devices at home, office, enterprise and public networks to the cloud, enabling users to access the information and control devices remotely.
 
Ideally data communicated to and from IoE enabled things should integrate seamlessly with the current Internet Infrastructure. The prevailing ubiquitous protocol layer that can seamlessly connect things to the Internet is the IP protocol and 802.11 WLAN. However due to lack of Ultra Low Power 802.11 WLAN SoCs, other less ubiquitous low power wireless connectivity solutions have been used to connect things, thus restricting applications.
UBILITE’s Innovation
UBILITE Inc. is developing the lowest power 802.11 WLAN SoC on the market with a factor 3x better power consumption than comparable solutions while providing resilient performance. The Ultra Low Power requirements enable very long battery life, or the ability to use energy harvesting.
The SoC integrates support for IP protocol, on-board power management, and interfaces required to integrate with sensors and legacy systems. Connectivity and development software and modules are provided allowing for efficient and cost effective development, and deployment.
You can obtain more Information about the company by mailing to us at info@ubilite.com.
Copyright © 2015 Ubilite.








 






























Ubilite







































 




















UBILITE Inc. is a San Diego-based fabless semiconductor company that designs and markets Ultra Low Power (ULP) 802.11 based wireless connectivity products for the Internet of Everything (IoE). The company is a pioneer in designing Ultra Low Power (ULP), disposable and wearable Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs), which will be used extensively in sensing, and control of consumer and enterprise applications.
Ubilite offers connectivity solutions consisting of:

Ultra Low Power 802.11 Systems on a Chip (SoC)s with 10x better power consumption than the competition, built-in IPV6 and IPV4 protocol support, wake up radio, integrated power management, sensing and control interfaces
Connectivity and application development tools and software
Embedded connectivity modules with integrated processing, energy harvesting and battery integration to be used as a development tool for Ultra Low Power and disposable IoE applications









































Technology | Ubilite







































 










Technology 











As an innovator of WLAN, UBILITE Inc., will develop the world’s lowest peak power WLAN Silicon on Chip (SoC) that will beat existing products off the shelf by at least ten fold.
Our design focuses on the following:

Ubilite’s Ultra Low Power Connectivity SoC (ULP 802.11)
This will be the first Connectivity SoC that will operate using coin cell solid state or printed batteries along with energy harvesting, leading to exceptionally long life without the need for battery replacement or recharging.

ULP 802.11’s Novel System Design

Novel Ultra Low Power RF Baseband and MAC architecture
Use of low voltage circuits
Integrated DC-DC converter supporting a multitude of power sources ranging from batteries to energy harvesting
Intelligent Power Management
Integrated interfaces for sensing, and controls
IPV6/ IPV4, and Mesh Network support
Use of latest small geometry and low power fabrication processes


Highest Battery Life
This will be the first solution that puts minimal drain on battery with well managed sleep states. The customers will be able to use the device without the need to change the batteries for exceptionally long periods and even longer through the use energy harvesting.
Low Foot Print
Our Connectivity SoC has the least memory foot print for the Firmware and Software while offering great performance and functionality.
Compatibility to existing IoE clouds
Our Connectivity SoC will have drivers that will support SEP 2.0, Zatar, Open source software from Open Interconnect Consortium and works well with Allseen Alliance stack.
Complete reference design modules and software tools for development and deployment.








 






























Contact | Ubilite







































 










Contact 









Get in touch with usContact us if you're interesting in learning more about Ubilite and investment opportunities.


Ubilite, Inc.


9909 Huennekens Street, Suite 215


San Diego, CA 92121
Phone : 1-760-260-8610
Careers: info@ubilite.com










 
















Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 








 

























