



UBS Cancer Fund Shows Power of Impact Investing - Barron's







































































 







 



 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




Penta Asia

UBS Cancer Fund Shows Power of Impact Investing
A new oncology fund will finance academic research and access to cancer care in developing countries. 


 







By

Abby Schultz

 Biography




 




April 29, 2016


  UBS Wealth Management is proving investors in Asia will warm to funding projects with social and environmental benefits if the potential returns deliver. Earlier this week UBS closed the $471 million UBS Oncology Impact Fund, a vehicle aimed...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 



 








 


Most Popular


1.
Why Altria is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
Starbucks: When Good Stocks Go Bad


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Costco: Good Things Come to Those Who Wait?


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
6 Mind-Boggling Stats on Jeff Bezos’ Wealth


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
Scary? Nasdaq Slips, Dow Hits New High as Earnings Tell the Story


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



2




A Bright Picture for Netflix



3




Amazon Borrows a Page From Instagram




 




 





















 










UBS Raises Record $471 Million for Oncology Impact Fund - MPM Capital




























































 Back to press


April 27, 2016
UBS Raises Record $471 Million for Oncology Impact Fund
BioSpace.com 4/27/2016

World’s largest global wealth manager concludes fundraising for innovative impact investing fund aimed at developing cancer treatments
Zurich/Basel, 27 April 2016 – UBS Wealth Management has raised a record $471 million for the final closing of the UBS Oncology Impact Fund, an impact investing initiative aimed at developing cancer treatments.
Investments will be made in early stage oncology to accelerate the development of new cures. Cancer care is particularly appropriate for this kind of investment because of a supportive regulatory environment.
The market for cancer drugs is expected to grow faster than for any other disease, due to populations ageing in developed countries and an expanding middle class in emerging markets with better access to care. Oncology is the largest and fastest growing therapeutic area in terms of drug development activity, representing approximately a quarter of total research spend.
Impact investing aims to generate a defined positive social impact as well as a competitive return. It is an attractive area for investors who wish to align their portfolios with their values. It is potentially a highly significant source of capital for oncology, given cancer’s wide-ranging social implications.
In addition to investing in early-stage cancer treatments, the Oncology Impact Fund will support academic research and better access to cancer care in the developing world. A portion of any performance fees generated and half of a royalty attached with best efforts to all successful drugs sales will be managed by UBS Optimus Foundation and ultimately fund expanded access to cancer care for children and their families in the developing world. The other half of the royalty amount will be spent on academic grants to promising oncology-related research. The Fund has already struck the first royalty agreement of this type, bringing this innovative practice from theory to reality.
Jürg Zeltner, President of UBS Wealth Management, says: “The record sum raised for the UBS Oncology Impact Fund is a milestone for our work in sustainable investing and for the impact investing industry as a whole. We believe initiatives like this can give hope to cancer sufferers and their families and divert more capital towards finding treatments and cures.”
In its capacity as the world’s largest global wealth manager, UBS is helping to mainstream impact investing in response to demand from clients and from the community. Examples include the G8-affiliated Social Impact Investment Taskforce (now the Global Social Impact Investment Steering Group) and the WEF’s reports on mainstreaming impact investing. UBS contributed to both initiatives and has also integrated impact investing into its regular sustainable investing reports and Opinion Leaders white papers.
UBS Wealth Management’s Chief Investment Office has identified a number of other themes as attractive from an impact investing perspective, including textile supply chain innovation, affordable emerging market healthcare, insurance for climate change resilience, and protein alternatives.
Mark Haefele, Global Chief Investment Officer at UBS Wealth Management, says: “Impact investing gives our clients an opportunity to change the world and earn a financial return simultaneously. Using this growing medium to target cancer, one of the planet’s biggest killers, helps fulfil a critical social goal.”
Ansbert Gadicke, Co-Founder at bioventure investment manager MPM Capital, which is collaborating with UBS WM on the UBS Oncology Impact Fund, says: “We are delighted to be advising UBS on the management of this landmark fund. Over the long term, we hope this collaboration will add significant value in the field of oncology and in ongoing efforts to finance its development.”
UBS Wealth Management is a leader in sustainable investment. The collaboration with MPM on the Oncology Impact Fund follows other programs including UBS Optimus Foundation’s Development Impact Bond focused on education in Rajasthan, India, support for investment vehicles that invest through funds into small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in developing countries and inclusive finance initiatives across Asia and Latin America. It also supports the aims of the UBS & Society program, which seeks to create long-term, sustainable and measurable benefits for clients and communities.
MPM Capital is one of the most successful bio-venture fund managers of the past decades. The firm has 20 years of experience in identifying breakthrough therapies, mostly from academia, and building successful new companies for their advancement. Over the last ten years, MPM has had the largest number of IPOs in healthcare of any investment firm worldwide (34), according to company data












X










X










X


































MPM Oncology Impact Management, L.P.


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







MPM Oncology Impact Management, L.P.
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

MPM Oncology Impact Management, L.P.





















MPM Oncology Impact Management, L.P.
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in Cambridge,
Massachusetts.  
 

It was registered on Monday, January 04, 2016.






450 Kendall Street
Cambridge,
Massachusetts, 
2142 
United States
Phone: (617) 425-9200
http://www.mpmcapital.com



Partner
Christiana Bardon
Member
Luke Evnin
Partner
Ansbert Gadicke
Treasurer
Lauren Cauley
Secretary
Sarah Reed
Chief Compliance Officer
James Geesaman




Inception Date2016-01-04
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 19:46:58.346264
As of Date2017-03-30
Latest Filing2017-03-30
SEC Number801-106988
CRD Number281892
Inception2016-01-04
Legal NameMPM Oncology Impact Management, L.P.
NameMPM Oncology Impact Management, L.P.
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership











Statements



Employees


Regulatory AUM






Funds



Private Funds: 3












03-17
02-17
05-16




Employees
2.00
2.00
2.00











03-17




Regulatory Assets Under Management
470.54M







Private Funds: 2017-03-30



UBS Oncology Impact Fund (Cayman) Investor Ltd.
Cayman Islands


UBS Oncology Impact Fund L.P.
Delaware


UBS Oncology Impact Fund (Cayman) Investor L.P.
Cayman Islands
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC











UBS Oncology Impact Fund: Investing in developing cancer treatment - Business Insider




































 





 




































































































Finance























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








UBS investors are aiming to make 'competitive' returns from a fund related to cancer












Lianna Brinded











Apr. 27, 2016, 10:00 AM



990




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 










In
  this 2011 image, tiny beads (yellow) are used to force T-cells to
  divide before they are given to leukemia
  patients.

University
  of Pennsylvania via Microbe World /
  Flickr




  Global investors are always looking for the next best place to
  put their cash to get decent returns  — and this time it
  looks like many are looking towards the healthcare sector for
  bumper profits.

  Now it's not as sinister as it sounds.

  Basically investors stump up huge amounts of cash, and put it
  into a fund that aims to develop cancer treatments. In return
  they aim to get a sizeable profit on their investments.

  And it is with this in mind that UBS Wealth Management just
  raised a record $471 million (£323 million) from investors for
  its UBS Oncology Impact Fund.

  The fund invests cash into early stage oncology — the study and
  treatment of tumours — to help develop new cures. 





  This is part of the Swiss bank's "impact investing" arm that
  allows investors to put their money into funds that directly have
  a positive social impact while also delivering "competitive
  returns. The internal rate of return (IRR) is also 15-20%.
  An IRR is not a fixed payment but a metric used to measure
  profitability of potential investments. 

  UBS said it is uniquely structured with a royalty
  fee/performance element. Basically, 20% of the performance fee —
  the payments made to a fund manager for generating positive
  returns — will be used to fund cancer treatment. While
1% of royalties will also be used too.

The money will be split 50:50 across cancer
  treatment in developing countries and further oncology
  research.

  UBS Wealth Management said in a statement that its Chief
  Investment Office identified textile supply chain innovation,
  affordable emerging market healthcare, insurance for climate
  change resilience, and protein alternatives as other themes that
  could be attractive from an impact investing perspective.

  "Impact investing gives our clients an opportunity to change the
  world and earn a financial return simultaneously," said Mark
  Haefele, Global Chief Investment Officer at UBS Wealth
  Management. "Using this growing medium to target cancer, one
  of the planet's biggest killers, helps fulfill a critical social
  goal."


NOW WATCH: HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today








            More:

                                                        UBS
UBS Wealth Management
UBS Oncology Impact Fund
Cancer Research



Impact Investing



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























UBS investors are aiming to make 'competitive' returns from a fund related to cancer
UBS investors are aiming to make 'competitive' returns from a fund related to cancer

Global investors are always looking for the...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Finance Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 






































      UBS Cancer Treatment Development Fund Raises $470 Million    - WSJ
    











































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      S&amp;P 500, Nasdaq Fall for the Week on Pressure From Tech Sector
                    











                      Sapphire Reserve Cards Not So Rewarding for J.P. Morgan
                    











                      UBS, Credit Suisse Boost Earnings After Strategic Shift
                    











                      Buyout Firm Blames China-Bashing for Stalled Deal
                    











                        Tax Report
                      

                      Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many
                    











                      Meet Randal Quarles, Trump’s Pick to Shake Up the Fed
                    











                        Heard on the Street
                      

                      Investors Too Wary of the Amazon Effect
                    











                      A Plan to Fill the Massive Gender Gap in Asset Management
                    











                      Wells Fargo to Refund $80 Million to Auto-Loan Customers
                    











                      Why Pandas Are Becoming Popular in Hungary
                    











                      Trump Administration to Wind Down myRA Program
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Markets




UBS Cancer Treatment Development Fund Raises $470 Million   
Largest amount of that has been raised for this type of vehicle, known as impact investing   

 






By

Brian Blackstone


Brian Blackstone
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyBrian Blackstone
@Blackstonebrian
brian.blackstone@wsj.com




  April 27, 2016 11:05 a.m. ET





ZURICH—UBS Group AG said Wednesday it has raised nearly $500 million for a fund aimed at investments in developing new cancer treatments, tapping into growing interest in cancer research. The fund requires a minimum investment of around $500,000, and investors have to lock the money in for five years. UBS said the $471 million it raised for the Oncology Impact Fund—nearly half of it from investors in Asia—is the largest amount ever...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 















UBS Oncology Impact Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:31 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of UBS Oncology Impact Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
UBS Oncology Impact Fund is an evergreen fund specializes in investments in early stage oncology and cancer therapeutics.


450 Kendall StreetCambridge, MA 02142United States



Phone: 617-425-9200

Fax: 617-425-9201








Key Executives for UBS Oncology Impact Fund




Dr. Christiana Goh Bardon M.D.


      	Managing Director 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

UBS Oncology Impact Fund Key Developments

MPM Capital Appoints William (Bill) C. Hahn to its Oncology Impact Fund Advisory Board
Jun 13 17
MPM Capital announced that William (Bill) C. Hahn will join its Oncology Impact Fund (OIF) Advisory Board. As a member of the OIF Advisory Board, Dr. Hahn will provide expert advice to support MPM’s strategy to build companies that seek to find cures for cancer. Dr. Hahn serves as a medical oncologist and Professor at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School and is an Institute Member of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. He is also the Chief Research Strategy Officer and the Chief of the Division of Molecular and Cellular Oncology in the Department of Medical Oncology at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.


Oncology Impact Fund Presents at 9th Annual BioPharm America International Partnering Conference - BioPharm America 2016, Sep-13-2016 12:15 PM
Sep 10 16
Oncology Impact Fund Presents at 9th Annual BioPharm America International Partnering Conference - BioPharm America 2016, Sep-13-2016 12:15 PM. Venue: Marriott Copley Place, Boston, Massachusetts, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      January 6, 2017
			    
Maverick Therapeutics, Inc.



Private Placement

			      November 18, 2016
			    
Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact UBS Oncology Impact Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 










UBS, MPM Seek Big ‘Impact’ in Cancer Drugs with $471M Fund - MPM Capital




























































 Back to press


April 28, 2016
UBS, MPM Seek Big ‘Impact’ in Cancer Drugs with $471M Fund
By Marie Powers, BioWorld Today, April 28, 2016

UBS Wealth Management is getting into the cancer game.
The financial services giant, which has joint headquarters in Basel and Zurich, Switzerland, raised $471 million to close the UBS Oncology Impact Fund, thought to be a first-of-its-kind initiative aimed at developing curative therapies for various types of cancer.
One of the world’s largest global wealth managers, UBS is partnering with longtime biopharma venture investor MPM Capital, which will manage the fund. Investments will target early stage oncology companies, mostly emerging from academic research labs, with the goal of accelerating molecules of interest through proof-of-concept studies. Through a royalty arrangement, a portion of sales from each successful cancer drug supported by the impact fund will go toward additional research with an equal amount supporting expanded access to cancer care for patients in the developing world.
In response to interest from clients and from the global community, UBS already had undertaken an initiative to move impact investing into the mainstream. The financial services firm contributed to the G8-affiliated Social Impact Investment Task Force (now the Global Social Impact Investment Steering Group) and to World Economic Forum reports on mainstreaming impact investing. UBS also integrated impact investing into its sustainable investing reports and white papers.
Oncology was selected as the first indication of interest for an impact fund thanks to a supportive regulatory environment and compelling need, according to Mark Haefele, global chief investment officer at UBS Wealth Management. Haefele had a keen interest in seeing transformative therapies emerge in oncology after losing his mother to cancer nearly two decades ago. But about 18 months ago, UBS principals began looking more closely at the global impact of cancer and talking in earnest about the investment thesis in oncology.
UBS focuses on certain long-term investment themes, including urbanization, population growth and aging. Cancer cut across all three, Haefele said, citing World Health Organization estimates that 14 million people will be diagnosed and 8 million will die from cancer this year, with 60 percent of the diagnoses and 70 percent of the deaths occurring in the emerging world.
Globally, cancer drug development also has matured into a $100-billion industry with a growth rate of more than 10 percent annually – higher in certain sectors such as immunotherapy – yet per capita health care spending in the emerging world remains roughly half that of developed regions.
“Health care spend grows as people in emerging societies become wealthier, indicating to us that the growth rate for these drugs and the associated revenues would be well in excess of global [gross domestic product] growth for a significant period to come,” Haefele explained.
Innovative oncology drugs that demonstrate efficacy in controlled trials and show the potential to cure even late-stage patients have a good track record of approval from the FDA and EMA and quickly gain value in the marketplace, he added.
“It was clear that this is a really good time to start investing in the oncology space,” Haefele told BioWorld Today. Thanks to insights gleaned from the human genome that were being applied to cancer immunotherapy R&D, “in the time since my mother was diagnosed and died, we’ve learned more about cancer than we had known throughout human history.”
‘THIS IS AN AMAZING TIME TO INVEST IN ONCOLOGY’
UBS selected MPM as its partner based on its track record of partnering with universities, identifying interesting drug assets, helping to form start-ups and then selling those ventures to larger biopharmas. During initial meetings with academic researchers in Boston, the collaborators struck upon the notion of making an impact not by finding a magic bullet to cure cancer but by targeting the cure of “cancers” – some of the hundreds of forms of the disease, many driven by genetic variations.
MPM may invest on behalf of the Oncology Impact Fund on its own or as part of a syndicate but will always do so in conjunction with a stake by BV2014, its $400 million venture fund, according to Ansbert Gadicke, MPM co-founder and managing director. The intention is for the impact fund to maintain a sufficient stake in a company so that, when the investment is sold, 1 percent of the royalties from any approved drugs that emerge from the deal will go to impact projects – half toward basic cancer research and the other half to the UBS Optimus Foundation to provide access to cancer care in the developing world.
“We see the impact fund as complementary to our venture fund,” which invests almost exclusively in early stage biotech companies, Gadicke told BioWorld Today. “Oncology is our largest area of focus currently, mainly because we look for technologies that offer major advantages over current therapy. Today, we see most of those dramatic advances happening in oncology.”
MPM has an impressive list of exits, including two holdings cited by Gadicke – Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Pharmasset Inc. – that went for billions to Merck & Co. Inc. and Gilead Sciences Inc., respectively, to expand their pipelines of nextgeneration hepatitis C virus (HCV) drugs. (See BioWorld Today, Nov. 22, 2011, and June 10, 2014.)
The type of curative approach those companies were applying to HCV therapies now seems possible in cancer, Gadicke maintained, noting that some biopharmas are demonstrating that long-term remission or cure is achievable in certain forms of cancer.
In particular, “immuno-oncology is a key area for this fund because we see a dramatic impact for patients,” he acknowledged. “When we find projects that show similarly major impacts on patients in other areas of oncology, we’ll consider those for investment, as well.”
Technologies that offer incremental gains measured in a few months rather than years will likely be off the table, however.
The Oncology Impact Fund already has disclosed two investments. Oncorus Inc. is developing a cancer immunotherapy platform, while TCR2 Therapeutics is engineering T cells for cancer therapy using a differentiated approach from chimeric antigen receptor, or CAR, T cells and from T cells engineered to express defined T-cell receptor (TCR) alpha/beta chains. Both start-ups are based in Cambridge, Mass.
A third investment is based in Europe but details have not been disclosed.
Although most companies in the impact fund are expected to be start-ups, later-stage private biopharmas and public firms may be considered for the portfolio, provided their focus remains on demonstrating proof of concept for a cancer platform or agent. The evergreen fund is expected to make 10 to 15 investments over the next five years. Each holding is expected to exit, on average, in three to four years, according to Gadicke.
Although he declined to specify the impact fund’s potential stake in individual companies, Gadicke said MPM’s venture fund typically invests approximately $20 million over the life of each portfolio company. MPM partners with two or three syndicate partners to launch companies with kitties of about $30 million to $50 million.
If the impact investment model is validated by the oncology fund, UBS may expand the concept into other indications such as neurodegenerative diseases. In fact, interest from wealth clients was so strong – the majority of money was raised in the Asia-Pacific region – that UBS could have raised the target but wanted to keep the fund at a manageable size and begin making investments.
“This is not philanthropy,” Haefele said, noting the strategy represents a unique offering for wealth clients. “This is a performance-plus approach, which is designed to generate returns in the space but with the extra piece of societal impact.”
“We believe this is an amazing time to invest in oncology,” Gadicke added. “If you went to a cancer conference five years ago, you didn’t hear the term ‘cure.’ If you go to a cancer conference today, you hear lots and lots of presentations where people talk about curing patients.”












X










X










X

































UBS ONCOLOGY IMPACT FUND L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      UBS ONCOLOGY IMPACT FUND L.P.
                    

•   CAMBRIDGE, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             UBS Oncology Impact Fund is based out of Cambridge.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 13D/G filings in our database for UBS Oncology Impact Fund.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from UBS ONCOLOGY IMPACT FUND L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




ubs oncology impact fund l.p.


450 KENDALL STREET

CAMBRIDGE
MA
                                                        
                                                    02142


              Business Phone:
              617-425-9200







Recent SEC Filings




SC 13G filed on 12/05/2016











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc (SBPH)


      HEALTH CARE
    

      603,086
    

      5,077,984.12
    

      1
    

      13G
    

      2016-11-23
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Oncology Impact Fund, The Bulletin with UBS 83 - Radio | MonocleL MONOCLEListen Live: Now Playing: Global Music   |  Up next: The Bulletin with UBSOncology Impact Fund151500:00 / 00:00/8 May 2016Episode 83 17 minutes
				Photo: Henning BockThis week we’re exploring UBS’s groundbreaking Oncology Impact Fund, an impact-investing initiative aimed at developing cancer treatments that has raised close to $500m (€440m). We will hear from analysts and experts across UBS – as well as the partner manager of the fund, MPM Capital – and learn how the initiative fits in with the bigger picture of UBS’s interest in sustainable investing.8 May 2016Share episodeDownloadShareFacebookTwitterEmailLinkedInRedditGoogle+  Start at 
								/SubscribeiTunesSoundcloudM24 radio appTwitter/Your hostMatt AlagiahThe Bulletin with UBSWhat's really happening in the world of finance.Next premiereSunday 30 July at 16:00 UK timeSubscribeThe Bulletin with UBSWhat's really happening in the world of finance.All episodesView scheduleSubscribe to the showSubscribeiTunesSoundcloudM24 radio appTwitter/Want more radio episodes like these in your inbox?Sign up to Monocle's email newsletters to stay on top of news and opinion, plus the latest from the magazine, radio, film and shop.EmaileSign upInvalid emailThank you, you are now signed up.The Bulletin with UBS - latest episodesElectric vehicles: the road aheadWe take a drive into the UBS Q-Series Evidence Lab ‘teardown’ of the Chevrolet Bolt EV electric car. It’s a granular study of the world’s first mass-market electric vehicle and extends beyond the automotive sector into the…The Rise FundThe Rise Fund is mobilising private wealth for the public good. UBS has raised $325m (€285m) towards it as part of a wider $5bn (€4.4bn) commitment to impact investments in line with the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals…Tail riskHow can investors assess and react to tail risk, whether that’s a prospective impeachment of Donald Trump, the possibility of conflict in the Middle East or turbulence from North Korea. We head across the regions to hear…Millennials: the global guardians of capitalOn the programme this week we discuss a new UBS white paper, ‘Millennials: the global guardians of capital. At the intersection of tech and wealth’. Join our special guests, including one of the report’s co-authors, to hear…Are central banks taking away the punchbowl?Has there been something of a golden age of central bank support – and is it coming to an end? Our experts discuss the performance of these institutions since the financial crisis and consider how long their accommodative…Philanthropy in ChinaWe discuss ‘Values and Vision: Perspectives on Philanthropy in 21st Century China’, an exploratory study of philanthropic giving among China’s wealthy. Philanthropy in China is in a state of expansion, experimentation and…The UK electionThis week we’re discussing the outcome of Thursday’s general election in the UK. Prime minister Theresa May called the snap vote at a time when her incumbent Conservative party was flying high in the polls. But after a…China slowdownChinese retail sales, fixed-asset investment and new-lending growth all fell in April in further signs that the economy is suffering from recent government measures to curb an unsustainable expansion in credit. Although…Changing places: Europe & the USJust a few months ago it was Europe facing the political risks and tepid economic data. But now that’s more a story for the US.  Eurozone data has been strong, with recent numbers showing the German economy picking up speed…Calm or complacent?This week: are markets just calm or are investors being complacent? Despite the fact that the US equity market suffered its worst trading day in around eight months this week, in the main, volatility has been extraordina…En marche?We discuss the challenges that lie ahead for France’s new president Emmanuel Macron following his sweeping election success, from industrial relations to structural reform, youth unemployment to his promise to cut €60bn in…Ballot and Brexit: UK updateOur expert panel looks ahead to next month’s UK general election and discusses how the early jockeying for position over Brexit talks is faring and what it might mean for investors.  We’ll hear more about how ongoing pol…Trump’s first 100 daysThis weekend marks the first 100 days of Donald Trump’s presidency. We hear from some of the experts at UBS who had set out their expectations of the new administration prior to the inauguration and who have been tracking…AI in AsiaArtificial intelligence could have a major impact upon Asia – and the world at large. According to a new UBS CIO report, by 2030 it will have added up to $3trn of economic value to Asia annually. We’ll explore that data…Poll positionPolling and survey data came under fire last year as investors, like many others, were confounded by one political outcome after another. So how important are surveys for investors? Should we discount them or are their…Loading... /1515LiveSchedule00:0001:00Global MusicIt looks like your browser has JavaScript turned off. JavaScript is required for this feature to work./Sign in to your accountYour email addressPlease enter a valid emailYour Monocle passwordPlease enter a valid passwordForgotten password?
