










 




Andreas Przewloka, UBS Swiss Financial Advisers AG: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




















Feedback





Andreas Przewloka

Chairman,
UBS Swiss Financial Advisers AG






Career History




Chairman
UBS Swiss Financial Advisers AG, 4/2012-PRESENT







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




UBS Swiss Financial Advisers AG


Chairman, 4/2012-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































UBS Investment Bank | Client Portal Login
















Skip to content [access key: alt+C] | 
		Skip to top navigation [access key: alt+N] | 
		Skip to left navigation [access key: alt+L] | 
		Skip to disclaimers [access key: alt+D]






Home

UBS Investment Bank Home
UBS Home


Help


UBS Investment Bank - Client Portal











Client Portal Login
Please enter your details
The UBS Investment Bank Client Portal brings the trading floor to client desktops with the latest market news, analysis, research and market strategy direct from our traders, salespersons and research analysts.
This award-winning, content rich web site also provides clients with a wide range of trading and post-trade tools and services from all our businesses - Equities, Fixed Income, Foreign Exchange and Investment Banking.
Please enter your username and password




Username:
Password:
Remember Me:




Are you required to login with your corporate email?



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Investment opportunities | UBS Switzerland








































Investment opportunities
Take advantage of a broadinternational offering




Our international portfolios are designed to help you take advantage of geographical, currency and issuer diversification. At the heart of our offering you will find our mandates.
















link


Discretionary mandates





With a discretionary mandate, after specifying your overall strategy and investment expectations, you delegate the day-to-day management of your assets to us. Each discretionary mandate is based on a strategic asset allocation built on three parameters: geography, currency and your preferred investment strategy (determined among other things by your personal risk appetite). This gives you a wide choice of basic allocations from which to start. 





Advisory mandates





If you are the type of person who likes to stay on top of market developments yourself, we offer advisory mandates. These provide you access to the research and investment advice of our professionals, while leaving all investment decisions in your hands.


















Contact


For all your questions please send us an e-mail 






    Contact form
				










Toll free (USA): 1 855 853 4288













UBS Swiss Financial Advisers






    Factsheet
				











UBS-SFA Investment Outlook






    Archive
				










Market information







    UBS Quotes
				










Currencies







    Exchange rates
				






























  




UBS SWISS FINANCIAL ADVISERS AG Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      UBS SWISS FINANCIAL ADVISERS AG
                    

HTTP://WWW.UBS.COM/UBS-SFA
•   ZURICH, V8
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             UBS Swiss Financial Advisers AG is based out of Zurich. UBS Swiss Financial Advisers AG is a registered investment advisory firm  with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $1,965,291,808 (Form ADV from 2016-03-01).  
                                           














Summary
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from UBS SWISS FINANCIAL ADVISERS AG, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




ubs swiss financial advisers ag


LOEWENSTRASSE 49

ZURICH
V8
                                                        
                                                    CH-8098


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      41-44-237 8758







Recent SEC Filings




13F-NT filed on 05/12/2017
13F-NT filed on 02/14/2017
13F-NT filed on 11/15/2016
13F-NT filed on 08/12/2016
13F-NT filed on 05/12/2016
13F-NT filed on 02/12/2016
13F-NT filed on 11/13/2015
13F-NT filed on 08/14/2015
13F-NT filed on 05/08/2015
13F-NT filed on 02/13/2015







Parent/ Related Companies







UBS AG
















View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

UBS SWISS FINANCIAL ADVISERS
 
LOEWENSTRASSE 49


ZURICH

            
        8001
Country: Switzerland


          Business Phone:
          +41-44-2173100
Fax:
              


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Principal Office Outside the US
      


Form of Organization:
Corporation 


Organized in:



Number of employees:
57


Other Business Activities:
broker-dealer


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
4,871,630,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
1518



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:
11.A (1).,11.A (2),11.C (1),11.C (2),11.C (4),11.C (5),11.D (1),11.D (2),11.D (4),11.D (5),11.E (2),11.H (1).(a),11.H (2)



HTTP://WWW.UBS.COM/UBS-SFA


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 



Our financial services in your country | UBS United States
















































                Site title
            



                Site content
            





UBS
United States




Service navigation





United States


Please select your country of domicile

Global homepage




Europe





Austria
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Iceland


Italy
Jersey
Monaco
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway


Russia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom



More branches and offices in Europe




North America





Canada







United States




Asia Pacific





Australia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia


Japan
Korea
Malaysia
New Zealand


Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand



More branches and offices in Asia Pacific




Middle East & Africa





Bahrain
Israel
Lebanon


Qatar
Saudi Arabia


South Africa
United Arab Emirates



More branches and offices in Middle East Africa




Latin America & Caribbean





Bahamas
Brazil


Chile
Colombia


Mexico
Panama



More branches and offices in Latin America & Caribbean






Contact


Find a Financial AdvisorReport MisconductOffices and contacts in the USAContact via email and phone





Global search


Search



Account login
Account login

Individuals

Online Services (US Client Account Access)UBS Private Bank Account LoginUBS One Source (Corporate Stock Plans)Benefits of EnrollingEnroll Now


Corporate & Institutions

Investment Bank Client PortalUBS Neo



More logins























pause







promotion 1




promotion 2




promotion 3




promotion 4




promotion 5




promotion 6




promotion 7














UBS financial results
Second quarter 2017





Access reports and webcast






















Retiring old clichés
The new UBS Investor Watch





Explore insights
















What happens when you focus on clients?
UBS named "Best Bank for WealthManagement" for 2017





Find out more
















See further
2017 CIO Global Forum:Innovation, transformationand opportunity





Explore the insights
















How could a transforming world impact you?
Position your portfolio for the global trends ahead





16 new investment themes
















Asking life’s questions
What will I be doing in 30 years?


Later life is changing. As time goes by, you might need to reconsider your plan.





Find out more





















Latest Group news:





UBS's second-quarter 2017 resultsUBS's second-quarter 2017 results
+++

















Scroll







Global capabilities



















Wealth Management




UBS offers high net worth and affluent individuals around the world a complete range of tailored advice and investment services. 






					
				
			



    Wealth Management Americas
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Wealth Management (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Asset Management




UBS offers investment capabilities across traditional and alternative asset classes for private clients, intermediaries and institutional investors.






					
				
			



    Asset Management (US)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Asset Management (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				








































  UBS Investment Bank provides corporate, institutional, and wealth management clients with expert advice, innovative financial solutions, outstanding execution and comprehensive access to the world's capital markets. It offers investment banking and capital markets, research, equities, foreign exchange, precious metals and tailored fixed income services in rates and credit through its two business units, Corporate Client Solutions and Investor Client Services. The Investment Bank is an active participant in capital markets flow activities, including sales, trading and market-making across a range of securities. 


























Investment Bank




UBS provides advisory services, research, and access to global capital markets to corporate and institutional clients. 






					
				
			



    Investment Bank overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo login
    


			
			
				
				
				





















Scroll


Back to top







Solutions for individual investors



















Advice. Beyond investing.




Wealth Management Americas
UBS Financial Advisors deliver what you need most today: advice and solutions that help you pursue all of life’s goals.






					
				
			



    Our solutions
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our Financial Advisors
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Research and analysis
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Private Wealth Management
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Other global capabilities






Investment Banking
Securities products, research, advisory services and access to global capital markets.






					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				














  






Asset Management
Investment solutions built upon a heritage of tactical asset allocation and active investing.






					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				






















  The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for 
 further information. 
 























Contact us












    Find a branch
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Find a Financial Advisor
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				








    View FINRA BrokerCheck information
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Account Logins 






					
				
			



    Online Services
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Private Bank e-Banking
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS OneSource (Corporate Stock Plans)
    


			
			
				
				
				









































Scroll


Back to top







Services for corporations and institutions


















Meeting clients’ complex and specialized needs




Through its investment banking, asset management and wealth management businesses, UBS in the US provides a wide variety of services and solutions for companies, institutions, governments, hedge funds and financial intermediaries, such as banks and brokers, as well as for their senior executives.  









Contact us












    Find an office
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				









Upcoming conferences




UBS conferences provide a variety of opportunities for investors. 






					
				
			



    More information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Investment Banking








					
				
			



    Corporations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Institutions
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Hedge funds
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Governments
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Bankers, brokers, client advisors
    


			
			
				
				
				













Wealth Management








					
				
			



    Equity compensation plans
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Employee retirement plans
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Pensions, endowments, foundations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Hedge fund managers
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Services for corporate executives 
    


			
			
				
				
				













Asset Management








					
				
			



    Institutional investors
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Account logins






					
				
			



    Client Portal (Investment Bank)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo
    


			
			
				
				
				


























  The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for 
 further information. 
 
































Scroll


Back to top







Research and analysis



















Wealth Management Americas Research








					
				
			



    Overview 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS House View
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Investor Watch 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Wealth Planning Insights
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Investment Bank Securities Research








					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Client portal login
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo login
    


			
			
				
				
				



























Asset Management Research








					
				
			



    Latest research and views
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Investment Insights 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Real estate research
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Multi-asset white papers 
    


			
			
				
				
				





















Scroll


Back to top







Daily podcasts


















Investing
 




CIO Wealth Management Americas Research experts — bond, equity and investment strategists, economic & policy analysts and others — talk about critical investment issues. 






					
				
			



    Listen to Top of the Morning
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Subscribe
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Markets
 




Hear insights and color from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange with UBS’s own Art Cashin.






					
				
			



    Watch Art Cashin 
    


			
			
				
				
				



















A Minute with Mike Ryan




Our Chief Investment Officer Americas, UBS Wealth Management, believes accelerated global earnings growth will be supportive of global equities. 






					
				
			



    Watch Mike Ryan
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Follow @UBS 










    #ArtCashin
    


			
			
				
				
				








    #UBSPodcast
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Scroll


Back to top







Investor sentiment































What’s on the minds of investors? Find out.




Every quarter, UBS Investor Watch closely examines issues investors like you face as you plan for your future. Use these insights to inform your decisions so you can feel confident about achieving your goals. 






					
				
			



    Retiring old clichés: Bucking convention, retirees find happiness and seek growth
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Additional reports on the new administration, generational ties, long-term care and more
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Contact us












    Find a branch
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Find a Financial Advisor
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				








    View FINRA BrokerCheck information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Highlights




Media releases 






					
				
			



    1Q 2016
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    4Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    3Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    2Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    4Q 2014
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    3Q 2014
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    2Q 2014  
    


			
			
				
				
				

























Scroll


Back to top







Our firm
Global financial advice and expertise that matters.



















Individuals around the world look to UBS to provide them with the advice, expertise and opportunities they need to protect and grow their wealth.
Leading companies and institutions in more than 50 countries rely on our financial resources, expertise and infrastructure to help them grow their businesses, manage their risks and invest for the future. In Switzerland, we fulfill every kind of banking and investment need, from savings and credit cards to mergers and acquisitions.
See how our unique global presence and capabilities can help you achieve your financial goals. 















Who we are








					
				
			



    UBS in a few words
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS in a few figures
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our employees
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Corporate governance
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our history
    


			
			
				
				
				













What we do








					
				
			



    About us
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our strategy
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our clients and businesses
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS and Society
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Sponsorship engagements
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Contact us












    Contact form
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Contacts and offices worldwide
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Main offices
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Corporate information








					
				
			



    Careers
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Media
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Investor Relations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Community Affairs 
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Contemporary art




Good contemporary art reflects and influences trends in society, and at times might even suggest the future. We share a passion for contemporary art with many of our clients.






					
				
			



    Engagements in art
    


			
			
				
				
				









































Scroll


Back to top







News and Media Relations































Media Relations








					
				
			



    Media (Americas)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Media (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				













News and services












    UBS News alert
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Corporate calendar
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS calendar reminder
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS RSS feeds
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Latest news and media releases














                                                28 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    06:00
                                                



UBS's second-quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    15:45
                                                



Update Invitation Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    11:30
                                                



54 works by Lucian Freud from the UBS Art Collection to be presented in Berlin





                                                20 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    18:00
                                                



New UBS Investor Watch report delves into the perceptions and realities of modern  retirement and dispels myths





                                                14 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    11:00
                                                



Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                13 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    05:30
                                                



UBS Asset Management granted Private Fund Management license in China













					
				
			



    More media releases
    


			
			
				
				
				




































Contact us




UBS Corporate Communications - Americas
1 212-882-5857 (phone) 1 212-882-5728 (fax)










    Spokespeople
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Contact form
    


			
			
				
				
				



















UBS in social media




Follow our official social media presences for a quick and easy way to receive the latest UBS news.










    UBS on Twitter
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on Facebook
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on LinkedIn
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on Google+
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Complete list of social media channels
    


			
			
				
				
				



















































Scroll


Back to top







Investor Relations
















Financial reporting








					
				
			



    Quarterly reports
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Annual reports
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    SEC filing and other disclosures
    


			
			
				
				
				













Investor information








					
				
			



    Shareholder information
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Bondholder information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Corporate information








					
				
			



    Corporate governance 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Board of Directors
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Group Executive Board
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Organization
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Regulations & principles 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Risk management & control 
    


			
			
				
				
				













Events and presentations








					
				
			



    Corporate calendar
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    General meeting of shareholders
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Presentations
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Ad hoc releases for investors














                                                28 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    06:00
                                                



UBS's second-quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    15:45
                                                



Update Invitation Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                07 Jun 2017
                                                
                                                    10:57
                                                



UBS to present at the Goldman Sachs European Financials Conference













					
				
			



    More ad hoc releases  
    


			
			
				
				
				






















Contact us












    Investor Relations team
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Investor services 
    


			
			
				
				
				






























































UBS share price
UBS Group N
16.9 CHF  -0.5 (-2.87%)
Zurich    
            28 Jul 2017  17:32

17.47 USD  -0.51 (-2.84%)
New York    
            28 Jul 2017  11:36





















Scroll


Back to top







Community Affairs and Corporate Responsibility




















Today‘s philanthropic landscape is evolving more rapidly than ever before, and the need for strong corporate citizens has never been greater. At UBS, we understand this and are committed to establishing strong partnerships and initiatives to tackle the opportunities ahead. It starts with a simple belief that every dollar and volunteer hour matters. With that in mind, we have a clear vision for the future – to help build stronger communities where everyone has the opportunity to fulfill their potential and achieve financial independence.  UBS Community Affairs & Corporate Responsibility, Americas is dedicated to providing under-resourced, high-potential individuals with access, advice and education to help develop more enterprising communities. This is achieved through our three signature philanthropic initiatives:






					
				
			



    UBS Elevating Entrepreneurs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS NextGen Leaders
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Community Corps
    


			
			
				
				
				


























Scroll


Back to top







Careers
Discover your opportunities


















Why UBS?




UBS fosters a development and learning culture that creates opportunities for every employee to grow as an individual and provides a platform to empower them professionally. Despite the size and scope of the organization, you'll see that you work for a firm that values you as an individual.






					
				
			



    Why UBS?
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Meet our people
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS careers blog
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Professionals




Already working and looking to take the next step? Move your career forward in our high-performance environment.






					
				
			



    Search open roles
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Career website
    


			
			
				
				
				













Students, graduates and MBAs




Looking for an ideal place to begin your career? Explore our world of opportunities for university students and recent graduates including MBAs.






					
				
			



    Graduate Talent Programs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    MBA programs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Internships
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Events
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Search and apply








					
				
			



    Professionals
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Students, graduates and MBAs
    


			
			
				
				
				



















UBS in social media












    UBS Careers on Facebook
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on Twitter
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on LinkedIn
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on Google+
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on YouTube
    


			
			
				
				
				





















































  

 







Wealth Management Americas | UBS United States










































Wealth Management Americas
















                        A new job for retirees. Work at living
            

                            A new job for retirees. Work at living
            


How do you go from living to work to working at living? It's easier than you think, according to our latest UBS Investor Watch. In fact, retirees are happier than ever before. Paula Polito from UBS explains. 








UBS Investor Watch


















                        How can growth overcome fear?
            

                            How can growth overcome fear?
            


Whether fear of missing out or fear of joining in is preventing you from making the best investment decisions, it may be time overcome your fears. Take a look at the latest UBS House View  to find out why. 








UBS House View


















                        Tense moments, timely insights
            

                            Tense moments, timely insights
            


The recent escalation of tensions with North Korea have increased concerns in the region and around the word. What are the implications for global trade, financial markets and, potentially, your portfolio? Tune in to this special call with insights from Congressman Ed Royce, Chair of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. 








Tune in


















                        How can I keep from outliving my money?
            

                            How can I keep from outliving my money?
            


Social Security could help. While it's often seen as a supplement to other retirement savings, you may not realize just how valuable your Social Security "nest egg" is—and the important role it can play in helping you achieve a more secure retirement. See how. 








Modern Retirement Monthly


















                        What happens when you focus on clients?
            

                            What happens when you focus on clients?
            


UBS named "Best Bank for Wealth Management in North America" for 2017. This award reinforces the commitment of our Financial Advisors to seeing the bigger picture for their clients—in order to help them pursue what matters most. 








Find out more


















                        Are you poised to capture tomorrow's opportunities?
            

                            Are you poised to capture tomorrow's opportunities?
            


Is your portfolio prepared for what lies ahead? Get insights into the trends of innovation, disruption and transformation expected to impact companies, markets and investments potentially for generations. Preeminent thought leaders from around the world and across a diverse range of expertise offered their perspectives at the 2017 CIO Global Forum.  








Explore the insights


















                        For some of life's questions, you're not alone
            

                            For some of life's questions, you're not alone
            


To make the right choices you need to ask the right questions. And when it comes to answering the financial ones, we can help.








Watch now


















                        How could a transforming world impact you?
            

                            How could a transforming world impact you?
            


From automation and robotics to energy efficiency and emerging market infrastructure, discover where the next sustainable long-term investment opportunities will lie in the latest research from our global analysts. 








Explore themes


















                        Women and our future
            

                            Women and our future
            


Coinciding with National Women's History Month, UBS is launching an initiative highlighting how women are having a dramatic impact on our economy and the world 








Go now


















                        How will our nation address its infrastructure gaps? 
            

                            How will our nation address its infrastructure gaps? 
            


There is no question that the United States suffers from massive infrastructure challenges. And we believe that the private sector can play a key role in financing our much-needed modernization. Find out more about the future vision for how infrastructure issues may be solved.








Revitalizing America


















                        Add your UBS cards to your mobile wallet
            

                            Add your UBS cards to your mobile wallet
            


Use your smartphone to pay with your UBS Visa credit or debit card. It’s a faster, more secure way to pay hundreds of thousands of merchants and on participating apps with your Apple, Android or Samsung phone. 








Learn more






















Today's investment insights







    UK Election: May's gamble backfires
				





    Revitalizing America: Engaging civic capital for US infrastructure 
				





    House View: How can growth overcome fear?
				





    Latest UBS House View Weekly
				





    Millennials- the global guardians of capital
				


















New solutions for a new economy







    2017 tax planning guide
				





    2016 year-end planning guide
				


















Where policy meets your portfolio







    Washington Weekly – July 28, 2017
				




    POTUS 45: New spending plans: It’s a funding challenge.
				





    POTUS 45: The implications of regulatory reform
				





    POTUS 45: The outlook for tax reform
				





    POTUS 45: A new set of rules
				













Latest News







UBS's second-quarter 2017 results


28 Jul 2017, 06:00
    


    News article
 | 

    Tags:
    
        Price Sensitive Information, 
    
        Quarterly Results
    








New UBS Investor Watch report delves into the perceptions and realities of modern  retirement and dispels myths


20 Jul 2017, 12:00
    


    News article
 | 

    Tags:
    
        Media Releases Americas, 
    
        Wealth Management Americas, 
    
        WM Americas News
    








Euromoney Awards for Excellence 2017


07 Jul 2017, 07:00
    


    News article
 | 

    Tags:
    
        Media Releases Americas, 
    
        WM Americas News
    










15 named to Barron's Top 100 Women Advisors list


05 Jun 2017, 10:00
    


    News article
 | 

    Tags:
    
        Media Releases Americas, 
    
        WM Americas News
    












More news





















Important information 







    View FINRA BrokerCheck information
				









































































































Putting today's markets into perspective - Cashin on the markets









Top of the Morning: Daily podcasts on critical investment issues






Market update








DJ Industrial Aver
USD 21830.31







Market info/content/sites/us/en/wealth/market-update.html













Solutions





Please select



    Cash Management
				




    Concentrated Stock Solutions
				




    Education Planning
				




    Employee Retirement Plans
				




    Equity Compensation Plans
				




    Estate Planning
				




    Financial Planning
				




    Institutional Consulting Group
				




    Insurance and annuities
				




    Investment Advisory Programs
				




    Nontraditional Investments
				




    Research
				




    Retirement Planning
				




    Securities Backed Lending
				




    Solutions
				




    Specialized Executive Needs
				




    Traditional Investments
				




    UBS Credit and Debit Cards
				




    UBS Mortgage
				































  

