

Robert B. Uhler P.E.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:52 PM ET
Commercial Services and Supplies

Company Overview of MWH Treatment Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert B. Uhler P.E.Chairman Of Mwh Global And Chief Executive Officer Of Mwh Global, MWH Treatment LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships71--
Background

		Mr. Robert B. Uhler, also known as Bob, P.E., is Owner of The Uhler Group and serves as its President. Mr. Uhler served as the President of MWH Global, Inc. Mr. Uhler served as the Chief Executive Officer of MWH Global Inc. from 2001 to November 2011 and its Chairman from 2009 to November 2011. He served as the President of MWH Americas Inc., as Chief Operating Officer of Industrial and Federal Operations and as Corporate Director of Strategy & Marketing at MWH. He spent ... 36 years in the engineering and construction field. He served as a Process Design Engineer for physical and chemical units of Waste Treatment and Water purification projects. Mr. Uhler has been the Chairman of the Board of Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation since January 4, 2017. He has been Chairman Emeritus of MWH Global Inc., an affiliate of MWH Treatment Limited since December 14, 2012 and served as its Executive Chairman from November 2011 to December 2012. He has been a Director of Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation since October 16, 2015. He is a Diplomat of the American Academy of Environmental Engineering and supervised the design and construction of several large facilities, including Disney's Epcot Living Seas Pavilion. He holds numerous Director posts at the holding and operating company levels and maintains significant relationships with key MWH clients. He is frequently sought as a market authority in wet infrastructure by many leading industry publications and conference boards. Mr. Uhler serves as a Member of several professional organizations. Mr. Uhler is an accomplished Engineer. Mr. Uhler holds a Master of Engineering in Environmental Engineering from University of Florida and BS from United States Military Academy and studied Advanced Management Program from Harvard School of Business.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Gregge StreetHeywood, Greater Manchester OL10 2DXUnited KingdomPhone: 44 17 0636 7555Fax: 44 17 0636 5598
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentChairmanGreat Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation
Education
ME University of FloridaBS United States Military Academy
Other Affiliations
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock CorporationUniversity of FloridaMWH Global, Inc.MWH Americas, Inc.United States Military Academy


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MWH Treatment Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Insider Trading - Uhler Robert B - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Uhler Robert B





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-07Purchase
2016-11-086:20 pm
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp
GLDD
Uhler Robert BDirector
7,930
$3.21
$25,455
58,474(Direct)
View


2016-08-09Purchase
2016-08-106:01 pm
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp
GLDD
Uhler Robert BDirector
35,000
$4.018
$140,623
46,116(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-30Option Award
2017-01-047:42 pm
N/AN/A
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp
GLDD
Uhler Robert BDirector
3,690
$0
62,164(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-046:57 pm
N/AN/A
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp
GLDD
Uhler Robert BDirector
4,428
$0
50,544(Direct)
View


2016-06-30Option Award
2016-07-056:15 pm
N/AN/A
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp
GLDD
Uhler Robert BDirector
3,555
$0
11,116(Direct)
View


2016-03-31Option Award
2016-04-046:17 pm
N/AN/A
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp
GLDD
Uhler Robert BDirector
3,475
$0
7,561(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-056:01 pm
N/AN/A
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp
GLDD
Uhler Robert BDirector
4,086
$0
4,086(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 21:52:58 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  












Great Lakes Dredge & Dock | Robert B. Uhler - Great Lakes Dredge & Dock































































































 







 






 


















 






 
By:StaffPosted: Feb 9th, 2017In: 0 


Robert B. Uhler
Chairman of the Board
Mr. Uhler is President of The Uhler Group, a strategy consulting firm that assists companies, investors and their management teams on operational strategy advice, management team appraisals and organizational design.
Prior to The Uhler Group, Mr. Uhler spent forty years in the engineering and construction field. For thirty-six years, he was employed at MWH Global Inc. (MWH), a leading water and natural resources firm that provides technical engineering, construction services, software and management consulting services globally in the private and public sectors. While at MWH, Mr. Uhler acted as the company’s primary business strategist for over 20 years through a variety of corporate leadership positions, including chief strategy officer, president, chief executive officer and chairman. In addition, he led the international expansion of MWH through a disciplined sequential approach of acquisitions and immediate integration, widening the service offering, client set and automating the delivery system. Over the years, MWH has been ranked in the top three firms in the world in water infrastructure, engineering and construction by multiple U.S. and International rating publications.
Mr. Uhler graduated from United States Military Academy at West Point in 1968 earning a B.S.C.E., Engineering. Upon graduation, he was trained as an Airborne Ranger commander and served with decorated distinction in Vietnam with the 101st Airborne Division. He holds a Master of Engineering in Environmental Engineering degree from the University of Florida, which he earned upon resigning from the military. He is a professional engineer in over 10 states and attended both the Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program and Board of Director Effectiveness Program.
 
 




Related







 


 








 






























Great Lakes Dredge & Dock | Robert B. Uhler - Great Lakes Dredge & Dock































































































 







 






 


















 






 
By:StaffPosted: Feb 9th, 2017In: 0 


Robert B. Uhler
Chairman of the Board
Mr. Uhler is President of The Uhler Group, a strategy consulting firm that assists companies, investors and their management teams on operational strategy advice, management team appraisals and organizational design.
Prior to The Uhler Group, Mr. Uhler spent forty years in the engineering and construction field. For thirty-six years, he was employed at MWH Global Inc. (MWH), a leading water and natural resources firm that provides technical engineering, construction services, software and management consulting services globally in the private and public sectors. While at MWH, Mr. Uhler acted as the company’s primary business strategist for over 20 years through a variety of corporate leadership positions, including chief strategy officer, president, chief executive officer and chairman. In addition, he led the international expansion of MWH through a disciplined sequential approach of acquisitions and immediate integration, widening the service offering, client set and automating the delivery system. Over the years, MWH has been ranked in the top three firms in the world in water infrastructure, engineering and construction by multiple U.S. and International rating publications.
Mr. Uhler graduated from United States Military Academy at West Point in 1968 earning a B.S.C.E., Engineering. Upon graduation, he was trained as an Airborne Ranger commander and served with decorated distinction in Vietnam with the 101st Airborne Division. He holds a Master of Engineering in Environmental Engineering degree from the University of Florida, which he earned upon resigning from the military. He is a professional engineer in over 10 states and attended both the Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program and Board of Director Effectiveness Program.
 
 




Related







 


 








 
































MWH Global Chairman and CEO Robert B. Uhler Announces Succession Plan - MWH Global






















































 

















Choose Your Site


 Remember My Selection



MWH, now part of Stantec, is comprised of global offices in 35 countries and operating on six continents. Choose a regional site highlighting local services, experience and experts.

MWH, now part of Stantec – English




Australia - English

Canada - English
Italy - Italiano
Latin America - Español






Netherlands - Nederlands
New Zealand - English
Turkey - Türkçe
United Kingdom - English





We are a global, full-service consulting, engineering and construction company. Choose a site below that highlights special service offerings or markets in which we serve. 
						


MWH Constructors - English
International Development – English
Water Reuse - English














Facebook




Twitter




Instagram




YouTube




Linkedin


Office Finder
Contact Us
Choose Your Site:

MWH Global
MWH Constructors
International Development
Australia
Canada
Italy
Latin America
Netherlands
New Zealand
Turkey
United Kingdom
Reset Your Preferred Site


  
 
 














Select Page


  
 
 








MWH Global Chairman and CEO Robert B. Uhler Announces Succession Plan
Mar 9, 2011
 

Broomfield, Colorado, March 9, 2011– Robert B. Uhler, chairman and CEO of MWH Global, Inc., announced a planned transition of the company’s CEO role. In November 2011 Uhler will be the company’s executive chairman of the board, and Alan J. Krause, currently president and chief operating officer of MWH Global, will be nominated to succeed Uhler in the CEO role. Uhler, 64, made the announcement at the company’s first quarter board meeting.
“On behalf of the entire board of directors, I would like to express our gratitude to Bob for his successful leadership at MWH,” said Alan Fohrer, lead director and chairman of the executive compensation and executive personnel committee for MWH Global. “During his time as CEO, he has been instrumental in developing a very strong global engineering and construction firm, and the market leader in wet infrastructure. Under his leadership, MWH increased its revenue 66 percent and now employs more than 7,000 people. We are pleased Bob has agreed to continue his involvement in the company to focus on corporate governance and client relations, and we are confident Alan Krause has the talent and leadership to take on this new role of CEO in addition to his current responsibilities as MWH president.”
“It has long been the heritage of our company to build the resources internally to provide company succession, and for this reason, Alan Krause has been my principal business partner for the last five years,” Uhler said. “I believe he is well-prepared to be CEO. He has a wide knowledge of MWH, our clients, services and geographies. In addition to his cultural sensitivity, having worked on six continents, Alan has the business acumen, guiding principles and people skills to take MWH to a new level. Together with the senior leaders and board of directors of MWH, we will continue to carry out the MWH vision and strategies for growth. I look forward to an exciting year.”
Uhler’s career with MWH spans more than 35 years, during which he was instrumental in charting the company’s growth and expansion to the present 36-country footprint, focusing on a single water-related sector orientation with a purpose of Building a Better World. Uhler joined MWH as a water treatment design engineer in the Pasadena, Calif., headquarters in 1976 after a 12-year career in the Army that included graduation from the U.S. Military Academy and decorated combat command in Vietnam. After earning a master of engineering degree at the University of Florida, he held a succession of management positions for MWH. These included branch office manager, regional office manager, chief of corporate strategy and marketing, chief operating officer of federal and industrial services, and president of MWH Americas. In 2001, Uhler assumed the CEO role. He became chairman in 2009.
Krause joined MWH in 1997, when Terramatrix, a firm that he started, merged with MWH. The firm brought specialized mining and environmental experience to MWH. A geotechnical engineer focused in natural resources throughout 30 years of his practice, Krause has been responsible for global operations of MWH since his promotion to president and chief operating officer in 2007.
During his tenure with MWH, Krause has also served as the president of the natural resources, industrial and infrastructure unit, which included the integration of the 2001 merger of Montgomery Watson with Harza Engineering to form MWH. Krause holds a master of geological engineering from the University of Nevada Mackay School Of Mines and has completed the Harvard Business School Owners/Presidents Management Program.
About MWH
MWH Global has been consistently ranked in the top three companies worldwide as a management, engineering and construction firm, focusing on wet infrastructure. The wet infrastructure sector encompasses a full range of water-related projects and programs from water supply, treatment and storage, hydropower and dams, water management for the natural resources industry and coastal restoration to renewable power and environmental services. MWH Global is a private, employee-owned firm with offices in 36 countries on six continents.
The roots of MWH go back to the 1840s in England to one of the first water consultancies. Thomas Hawksley is credited as solving the cholera epidemics under Queen Victoria’s reign through the advocacy of pressurized water systems. More than 150 years later, MWH continued its pioneering spirit when it created a true global confederation of indigenous businesses in countries all over the globe, linked together by world class knowledge management systems. The scale and focus of MWH in water and sustainable practices on a worldwide basis are unparalleled. For more information visit the website at www.mwhglobal.com.

  

 
 
 

 

w
Our Thought Leaders
				View bios and read articles from all of the Thought Leaders at MWH Global. 
			 
 

l
Media Contacts
Contact members of our Media Staff.
 
 Follow Us

facebook

Twitter

Instagram

LinkedIn

Youtube

 
 
 

   
 
 
 
 






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Robert B. Uhler | National Museum of American History















































Skip to main content




The National Museum of American History















 




 







 
















Search Google Appliance

Enter the terms you wish to search for. 





 






 








Our People


Staff
Departments
Staff Publications
Museum Board
Contact Information










Robert B. Uhler






 Robert B. Uhler 
 NMAH Board Member; President and Owner, The Uhler Group 
   

 








Robert Uhler is the President and Owner of The Uhler Group, a senior executive consulting firm. Mr. Uhler is also Chairman Emeritus of MWH Global, Inc., an energy and environmental engineering, construction, and water resource management firm that specializes in "wet infrastructure." MWH also provides general building services for highway, bridge, airport, and industrial projects and is active in nearly 40 countries, serving mainly the water, renewable energy, and infrastructure and industry markets. Mr. Uhler was the pioneer engineering member of the Clinton Global Initiative and has held numerous leadership positions within MWH.  His career started as a design engineer in water treatment with James M. Montgomery Consulting Engineers (the U.S. predecessor of MWH), where he worked on the Living Seas Pavilion, the largest aquarium in the world at the time of construction, at Disney World.  He progressed through the company holding positions including Project Engineer, Regional Group Manager, Chief of Corporate Strategy, Chief Operating Officer of the Industrial and Federal Sector and President of the Americas region.  Mr. Uhler is President of the MWH Caring Foundation, Inc., which primarily supports parks and organizations involved with secondary and higher education, and disaster relief.  He resides in Longmont, CO. 


















              Constitution Avenue, NW
              Between 12th and 14th Streets
              Washington, D.C.






Giving
Contact
Press
Site Map


SI Home
Terms of Use
Privacy



FacebookTwitterYouTubeFlickrPinterestInstagram 






 


















 


 




Home
VisitGeneral Info
Hours
Getting Here
Food & Shops
Kids
Español 

Exhibitions
Events
Collections
Educator Resources
Blog
Connect
About the Museum
About Our People
Get Involved
Giving
Press
 
















Great Lakes Dredge & Dock appoints Robert Uhler as Chairman of the Board






























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Great Lakes Dredge & Dock appoints Robert Uhler as Chairman of the Board Great Lakes Dredge & Dock appoints Robert Uhler as Chairman of the Board








January 5, 2017
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies


– USA, IL – Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (NASDAQ:GLDD), the largest provider of dredging services in the United States and a major provider of environmental and remediation services, today announced that the Board of Directors accelerated the date of retirement of CEO, Jonathan W. Berger, to January 3, 2017. The Board has also accepted Mr. Berger’s resignation from the Board of Directors. As previously announced, Mr. Berger had been expected to retire no later than April 17, 2017.
Mr. Berger’s retirement follows the December 27, 2016 announcement of the appointment of Lasse Petterson as CEO, effective on the completion of his U.S. citizenship process, which is anticipated during the first quarter of 2017. During this interim period, Mark Marinko, who has served as Great Lakes’ Chief Financial Officer since 2014, will also serve as Interim CEO. Mr. Marinko is expected to continue in the CFO role when Mr. Petterson assumes the CEO role.
Robert B. Uhler, P.E., Chairman, commented, “On behalf of the Board, I want to thank Jon for his contributions to Great Lakes. During the more than six years that Jon led Great Lakes, the Company successfully executed a large number of complicated domestic and international dredging contracts. Also under his leadership, the Company has made important investments to its fleet and fleet refreshment, including the ATB hopper dredge expected to become operational in the second quarter of 2017.”
Consistent with the terms of his contract, Mr. Berger will remain available to assist with the transition of the new CEO, as necessary.
The Company also announced that Mr. Uhler has been appointed Chairman of the Board, effective immediately. Mr. Uhler is assuming the role from Major General (Ret.) Michael J. Walsh who requested to step down as Chairman in order to accommodate his other professional time commitments. Mr. Walsh will continue to serve as an independent director and the Company expects to continue to benefit from his deep knowledge of dredging and his experience with the Corps of Engineers, Great Lakes’ primary customer.
The appointment of Mr. Uhler as Chairman follows the Company’s previous announcements that Mr. Petterson and Ryan Levenson joined the Great Lakes Board in late December and that the Company is committed to adding at least one additional new independent director in the next six months.
Mr. Uhler has served on the Board since October 2015, including on the Compensation and Audit Committees. He recently served as Lead Director on the Executive Search Special Committee and has been a valuable contributor to the Board based on his many years of commercial engineering and construction experience, earning the respect of his colleagues. Mr. Uhler is a West Point graduate and decorated Vietnam combat veteran. He also has a Master of Engineering degree from the University of Florida and attended the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. He is a multi-state registered professional engineer and a NACD Governance Fellow. He is a highly regarded industry strategist. Mr. Uhler’s experience is built upon his 36 years of commercial engineering and construction practice, including his decade-plus tenure as CEO/Chairman of a $1.6B global engineering and construction corporation. Presently, Mr. Uhler is the President of the Uhler Group LLC which provides operational and strategy advisory services. Along with the new CEO, Mr. Uhler will assist in setting strategy and direction, and lead the Board’s oversight of the Company.
The Company
The Company is the largest provider of dredging services in the United States and the only U.S. dredging company with significant international operations. The Company is also a significant provider of environmental and remediation services on land and water. The Company employs civil, ocean and mechanical engineering staff in its estimating, production and project management functions. In its over 126-year history, the Company has never failed to complete a marine project. Great Lakes has a disciplined training program for engineers that ensures experienced-based performance as they advance through Company operations. Great Lakes also owns and operates the largest and most diverse fleet in the U.S. dredging industry, comprised of over 200 specialized vessels.
For more information : http://www.gldd.com
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Great Lakes Dredge & Dock appoints Board member Lasse Petterson as CEOGreat Lakes Dredge & Dock appoints Lasse Petterson to its Board of Directors as upcoming CEOGreat Lakes Dredge & Dock appointed Ryan Levenson to the Board of DirectorsTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


Standard Chartered announces Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to its Board as upcoming Independent Non-Executive Director
July 27, 2017



Tri-Star Resources appoints Mark Wellesley-Wood as Executive Chairman
July 27, 2017



Pacific City Financial appoints Sang Lee as new Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 27, 2017



Medallion Financial adds John Everets to its Board as Independent Director
July 27, 2017



Morgan Stanley announces Board member Tom Glocer as upcoming Independent Lead Director
July 27, 2017











Random BoardsSofinnova PartnersFTS InternationalVeran Medical TechnologiesGeneral AtlanticBig Data Partnership











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -
































The Uhler Group -   About Robert B. Uhler







 
























































Home
About 

The Uhler Group
Robert B. Uhler


Services 

CEO Mentoring
Strategic Consulting
Process Redesign


Career Lessons
Publications
Contact









 





About Robert B. UhlerHome/About Robert B. Uhler 
 

About Robert B. Uhlertheuhleradmin2017-01-16T08:20:48+00:00 

Robert B. UhlerPresident/Owner
In January 2013, Bob Uhler stepped down from MWH Global, Inc.’s management, after 36 years, to form his own strategy and marketing advisory firm, The UHLER GROUP.

The UHLER GROUP was formed to assist senior executives, investors and Boards with the execution of strategic and marketing objectives. Services include: CEO coaching, succession planning, corporate governance, strategic prioritization and resource allocation to enable innovation and longer term positioned initiatives.

Convinced that the digital age will revolutionize the economics of service-oriented companies that previously depended on selling labor, Uhler applies his experiences of successfully transforming MWH in eight years to a global company earning over 50% of its profit from intellectual property and IT bundled solutions. He helps firms understand that the threat and opportunity of the rapidly evolving information revolution is a primary starting point. His expertise aligns teams to exploit the advantages of a firm’s historic service reputation, knowledge and relationship base with offering of bundled or repeatable solutions to create differentiation, efficiency and client stickiness.
Bob’s previous MWH Global service included roles as Chief Strategy Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of MWH Global. He acted as MWH’s chief business visionary for over 20 years through a variety of corporate leadership positions. Bob led the MWH business platform from one country to 36; and from $100M in total revenues to over $1.7B through a disciplined sequential approach of geographical and client set expansion, widening the service offering and finally automating the delivery system.
He has continually advocated the use of IT, or information technology and intellectual property, to create synergy differentiation and competitive advantage. MWH’s present operations include the 24-hours-a-day use of its Indian Intellectual Property Development Center, used to reinvent the method of solution delivery through repeat templates, animated visualization and IP tools. MWH’s integrated work staffing concept allows multi-shift teams on the same project across four continents. MWH’s Knowledge Management (KM) system was awarded the “World Class Solutions Award” by Data Management Review, for the best business intelligence system for U.S. Corporations in 2003.  In 2012, MWH IP templated systems were awarded the “Best Integrated Use of IT in the Work Flow” by the American Productivity and Quality Council. MWH’s KM approach has been documented in several university business school case studies.
Bob also started MWH’s construction practice, which in 2011 was $650M in volume and ranked #3 water infrastructure builder in volume by the Engineering News Record. Bob has experience in construction activities for the federal government, state and local governments and the commercial sector. Over time, MWH Constructors has developed an international renown for innovation and success in construction health and safety.
Overall in 2012, the year of Bob’s departure, UK, South Pacific and U.S. industry journals ranked MWH as the world market share leader in global water infrastructure engineering. MWH is a unique global single sector, ‘pure play’ water/environmental corporation. Over 60% of MWH’s 8,000 employees reside outside of the U.S. Bob’s knowledge of international business, multi-cultural teams, global knowledge management and infrastructure challenges was gained from some four million miles of travel to visit all continents. Bob is well versed in the cultural business differences of both developed and emerging countries.
MWH went through IPO preparation in 2008, and was two months away from the offering when the economic crisis hit and closed the markets. Through his experience preparing to go public, Bob is well schooled in Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) requirements, the corporate committee structures and charters related to a public company.
Bob was raised the son of a West Point army officer and attended numerous primary and secondary schools following his dad’s transfers. He chose to follow in the footsteps of the family’s trade, military service, by attending the U.S. Military Academy. Graduating from West Point in the top 25% of his 1968 class, he entered a wartime army. He was trained as an Airborne Ranger commander and served with decorated distinction in Vietnam with the 101st Airborne Division.  Upon returning from the war, he decided to resign from the military. From 1972 to 1974, he attended the University of Florida, graduating in 1973 with a Master of Engineering in Environmental Engineering degree. This degree has the academic requirements of a PhD without a dissertation.
In 1976, he joined then James M. Montgomery, Consulting Engineers (the U.S. predecessor of MWH) in Pasadena, California as a design engineer in water treatment. Bob was design engineer of record in some 20 water treatment facilities. His most noted design project is the Living Seas Pavilion at Disney World in Orlando. Over a 30+ year career with Montgomery, Bob served in progressive positions as a project engineer, division engineer, branch manager, regional group manager, chief of corporate strategy, Industrial and Federal Sector COO, Americas President and, finally, the Chairman and CEO of the global corporation. In 1983, Bob completed the Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program and later attended the Knowledge Management and Business Intelligence Program at INSEAD. He also attended the Effective Board of Director Program from Harvard Business School. Today, Bob is often asked to be a guest lecturer to business schools or professional organizations addressing the strategy implications of the changing automation business world.
Bob resides in the suburbs of Denver, Colorado. He is married and has two grown children. His hobbies include the significant collections of historical signatures, portrait miniature art, antique decoys and Greek/medieval coins. He finds parallelism to today in the study of the American history.About the Founder22+ years as COO/President /CEO of a $1.6B global engineering/construction corporationExperienced operating partner for private equity companiesBoard member or board consultant with numerous companiesSustainability, knowledge management and cyber security trainingOver 25 global acquisitions completed and integratedProfessional engineer with Harvard and INSEAD business educationDigital technology and automation strategy advocateExpertise in succession, organizational design, strategy development and coachingNational Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Governance FellowAdditional highlightsBoard & Advisory Activities

Executive Chairman, Chairman and Director,  MHW Global Inc. and predecessor companies
Chairman and Director, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company (NASDAQ: GLDD)
Non-Executive Director, StanleyConsultants, Inc.
Board Director, Smithsonian Institute, National Museum of American History
Trustee and Board Director, Civil War Trust

Nominating & Capital Raising Committees


Advisory Board, One Earth Future
Advisory Board, University of Colorado Denver, Business College
Advisory Board, University of Florida, Engineering College

Previous MWH Directorship Activity

MHW Global Inc., Montgomery Watson Inc., James M. Montgomery
(22 Years on Board)
Executive Chairman of the Board (1 year)
Chairman of the Board (6 years)
Governance & Nominating Committee, Chairman (10 years)
Capitalization Committee, Chairman (8 years)
Attended all Audit and Compensation Committees (12 years)
Prepared MWH Global to be “IPO-Sarbanes Oxley ready” (2007)

Education

B.S.C.E., Engineering, United States Military Academy
Master of Engineering, Environmental Engineering, University of Florida
Advanced Management Program, Harvard Business School
Knowledge Management and Business Intelligent Systems Program, INSEAD
Board Effectiveness Training Program, Harvard Business School

Registrations

Registered Professional Engineer (14 states)
National Association of Corporate Directors (pursuing Fellows program)
Diplomat, American Academy of Environmental Engineers
Certified Value Engineer, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
Certified Total Quality Management Executive, Crosby Quality College

Awards and Recognitions

Tau Beta Pi (Engineering Scholastic Honor Society)
NCAA soccer athlete, Team finished #3 in nation in NCAA rankings
Top quartile ranking of class at West Point
2 Bronze Stars, 6 Air Medals and 2 Army Commendation Medals for valor in Viet Nam service
Finalist CEO of the Year, Colorado Business Magazine (2011)






 
 
  
 
 
 










The Uhler Group -   Robert Uhler




























































Home
About 

The Uhler Group
Robert B. Uhler


Services 

CEO Mentoring
Strategic Consulting
Process Redesign


Career Lessons
Publications
Contact









 





ruhlerHome/Robert Uhler 
 
About Robert Uhler This author has not yet filled in any details.So far  has created 41 blog entries.




PermalinkGalleryOutside The Spin RoomCareer Lessons 


Outside The Spin Room 
Being raised by a West Point colonel father; there was no shortage of preaching about right and wrong. The rules (and resulting judgment) about stealing, lying and cheating were absolutes. But it was not until I attended West Point that the shades of grey relative to integrity were more highly defined.
West Point is famous for the strictness and the no-exceptions severity of its honor code. You are immediately dismissed if you are dishonest, or even deceitfully misleading. But, in addition, you are not allowed to tolerate others that violate the code. If you turn your head to others’ actions you also violate the honor code, even if you had no part in the deceit. To have 18- to 22-year-olds dismissed publicly by an honor code violation is traumatic and highly feared by all. It teaches you the different ‘shades of grey’ in interpreting integrity.
When I joined the business world, frankly, it was a struggle as I watched seniors interpret their individual honor code in what fell into the ‘shades of grey’ category. And as I rose to become a manager of others, I was consistently given problems that were too late to fix at that particular time, but I needed to make sure those same problems wouldn’t be repeated in the future. I found myself obsessing on if the problem represented incompetency and inexperience or was caused by malicious non-reporting at an earlier stage. Making mistakes is a part of the learning curve of a profession, but covering them up felt more like a character flaw that could likely reoccur.
I was always willing to invest in teaching subordinates who were honest and forthright, but lack of transparency and intentional deceit was not fixable in my […]
By Robert Uhler|2016-06-05T21:20:58+00:00April 1st, 2016|Career Lessons|0 CommentsRead More



PermalinkGalleryWinning With Razor BladesCareer Lessons 


Winning With Razor Blades 
At Harvard Business School, I learned several simple broad strategy theories, which have always stuck with me and set my “strategic sails.’” One of these theories was: “the profit margin rapidly increases with identical repetitious products, while the risk of failure dramatically decreases.”
I met with a venture capitalist, who described his acquisition strategy as buying a set of “razor blade” businesses. “Razor blade” strategy specifically refers to the business concept that, if a company like Gillette sells a new Fusion razor with a proprietary design for the blade head, they are actually selling a multi-year annuity of razor blade replacements. These proprietary razor blade heads are mass-produced for several pennies and yet sold for close to $1 per blade, yielding an enormous profit that lasts as long as the person uses the razor. In fact, so much profit is generated in the annuity that it pays to spend enormous amounts on advertising in order to get people to switch to the newest razor. The razor itself can even be thought of as a lost leader.
Of course, this concept is well documented in pharmaceuticals, CDs, water purity cartridges, apparel, automotive parts, software products, iPod and tablet apps, etc. The real profit is not made in the original capital cost of the first item, but rather the repeat sale of a proven solution. Additionally, the greater the volume, the higher the margin goes up. Therefore, the profit can be exponential for repeatables.  Repeatable product companies carry the highest profit margins in all industry sectors.
Many service company firms think very differently. They believe in customization and near “perfect fitted” solutions. They traditionally make profit from the margin in the labor rate and are not motivated to standard products. […]
By Robert Uhler|2016-03-03T09:40:44+00:00March 3rd, 2016|Career Lessons|0 CommentsRead More



PermalinkGalleryInstincts Versus More DataCareer Lessons 


Instincts Versus More Data 
As you age, you start to trust your instincts because you have an ever-increasing personal experience record on knowing that they are pretty accurate. In fact, in post-retirement interviews with CEOs, their number one regret is that they did not trust their instincts and act fast enough.  They say this not because history didn’t prove their eventual actions right, but because their instincts told them to take the action long before they did, and they wasted too much time.
Instincts are not something you are born with. They are developed through your career by observation of others and your own record with decision-making, both good and bad. Each event that requires a decision that you make is recorded and stored in a mental accumulative database. Over time, your instincts get increasingly accurate to reality; but rarely do leaders know when to trust them fully.
When our instincts tell us one thing, we immediately check with our past knowledge “data banks” to see if there is compelling evidence to give us confidence in that instinct. Instinct is nearly immediate. It is a ‘gut-feel’ well before the facts are revealed. When we have a strong instinct, we go on a journey to convince ourselves to take action.
Since this a ‘shade of grey’ issue, I have found it difficult in giving people I mentor guidance about when to trust their instincts and act. The truth is, it is different for all people. Individually, people have different rates of learning and requirements to make decisions on which instincts are verified. But I think the issue is so important for a leader, I thought I would take the risk of offering some guidance, delineated by age group.
Under age 30: Discover your instincts: […]
By Robert Uhler|2016-02-29T13:34:15+00:00February 1st, 2016|Career Lessons|0 CommentsRead More



PermalinkGalleryWhen Optimism Is DelusionalCareer Lessons 


When Optimism Is Delusional 
I’ve never been sure if optimism is caused by nature or nurture. After observing my children, and talking to other parents, I am inclined to believe optimism is genetic. Many people consider this dichotomy to be either a “half full or half empty” view of the world.
I am blessed with the “half-full gene,” and have found that many other accomplished people tend to have it, too; however, it is not a universal truth. I have also known successful “half-empty gene” leaders, as long as they understand their disposition, and surround themselves with teammates who are upbeat. They succeed by creating balance and democratic decision input.
Part of the reason I believe that optimists are often more successful than the “half-empty” personality, is that they can more easily attract quality talent and heighten morale—people want to work with someone who has confidence in success. Employees seek to feel good, and the subsequent self-confidence from positive leadership increases the odds of them fulfilling their personal goals.
Leaders who view things as “half-empty” tend to avoid taking risks, which creates insecurity. They need much more data and facts to be convinced of a situation, which slows the entire team. Further, employees find it hard to get excited about working for a pessimist, as it constantly puts them on the defensive.
Regardless of disposition, bad things happen to everyone at some point or another. I can still clearly recall the most emotionally devastating event in my career:
When I was operating a small unit, a key person left without warning, to join a competitor. To me, it was a very loud statement that they would rather trust their career in a group of strangers rather than the people they had worked with for […]
By Robert Uhler|2016-01-02T14:34:59+00:00January 4th, 2016|Career Lessons|0 CommentsRead More



PermalinkGalleryAre Staff Leaders Strategic Assets?Career Lessons 


Are Staff Leaders Strategic Assets? 
While I typically focus my articles toward high-ranking profit and loss leaders such as CEOs and line managers, I’d like to take the opportunity to discuss Level 1 leaders for staff departments, including: accounting, human resources, IT support, corporate communications, and legal. Oftentimes, top executives struggle with determining these individuals’ roles and evaluating their contribution, as Level 1 staff members are often seen as costly necessities to the rank and file employees, and have little impact on the company. They can be seen as bureaucrats or policy gatekeepers living off the revenue execution talent of others, and are often known to make business difficult.
Level 1 staff executives are paid sizable salaries and often benefit from large bonuses immune from enterprise performance. They can be seen to have little direct effect on profit, and are not held accountable except by subjective opinion relative to “likeability,” or their relationship with the CEO. Because they lack direct ownership for numerical KPIs, mediocre functional staff chiefs can skate for years without much quantitative accountability. Many are perceived to contribute only as process advisors when a crisis occurs for the line officers and client servers.
In numerous companies, employees have a right in evaluating the functional staff leadership as ‘maintenance personnel,’ in that they do not have the long-term competitive impact to justify their costs. This leadership can have considerable authority, but little quantitative accountability. If their only role is proven to be only functional transactions, the positions would be cheaper being outsourced or even automated.
Despite this, Level 1 functional staff can be the most valuable business leaders in the organization, if they are talented and their position is clearly defined and regulated. 
I believe the most successful chief functional leaders […]
By Robert Uhler|2015-10-31T21:27:25+00:00November 1st, 2015|Career Lessons|2 CommentsRead More



PermalinkGalleryGoing Beyond The Open Door PolicyCareer Lessons 


Going Beyond The Open Door Policy 
Most senior leaders I know consider themselves to be far more accessible than they really are. They believe attending events such as weekly office meetings, the annual Christmas party, offsite planning meetings, and various office mixers makes them accessible. However, the truth is, they continue to be surrounded by the same group of 15 to 25 people who dominate their attention and skew their information base, providing them with a false sense of “unbiased” knowledge.
A leader’s ability to know what is really going on in a company has much to do with the breadth of their information sources. If the sources are constantly the same, a leader could miss what is really happening at the different levels within the company. This often results in an issue escalating into a crisis before an executive can even realize there is a problem.
Leaders fool themselves by having “open door” policies. They assume their employees will feel comfortable enough to walk into their office with pertinent information. An “open door” policy is fine, but in a decentralized office environment, only the people at that location have access, and those employees most likely would not feel comfortable talking outside the normal chain of command.
Generally, because of rank and title, leaders are perceived to be intimidating, and oftentimes even aloof. In addition, subordinate leaders often give directives such as “don’t tell the boss,” and punish those who express their ideas to a “higher chain of command” without permission. These types of unspoken or unwritten rules exist often without a leader’s knowledge.
I found that in order to get more clear and unbiased information, I had to adjust my methods to actively seek it out. With that in mind, I used three techniques: […]
By Robert Uhler|2015-09-30T17:10:25+00:00October 1st, 2015|Career Lessons|3 CommentsRead MorePrevious12345Next

 
 
  
 
 
 















Robert B. Uhler - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert B. Uhler
Chairman of the Board at Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Robert B. Uhler? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert B. Uhler's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert B. Uhler's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert B. Uhler's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert B. Uhler through your network of contacts.
												








Robert B. Uhler's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation


Past
To view Robert B. Uhler's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
70

 
 


Robert B. Uhler's Biography



Business Experience: 
Since 2013, Mr. Uhler has been President of The Uhler Group, a strategy consulting firm that assists companies, investors and their management teams on operational strategy advice, management team appraisals and organizational design. Prior to The Uhler Group, Mr. Uhler spent forty years in the engineering and construction field. For thirty-six years, he was employed at MWH Global Inc. (MWH), a leading water and natural resources firm that provides technical engineering, construction services, software and management consulting services globally in the private and public sectors. While at MWH, Mr. Uhler acted as the com ...
(Read More)

			Business Experience: 
Since 2013, Mr. Uhler has been President of The Uhler Group, a strategy consulting firm that assists companies, investors and their management teams on operational strategy advice, management team appraisals and organizational design. Prior to The Uhler Group, Mr. Uhler spent forty years in the engineering and construction field. For thirty-six years, he was employed at MWH Global Inc. (MWH), a leading water and natural resources firm that provides technical engineering, construction services, software and management consulting services globally in the private and public sectors. While at MWH, Mr. Uhler acted as the company's primary business strategist for over 20 years through a variety of corporate leadership positions, including Chief Strategy Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. In addition, he led the international expansion of MWH through a disciplined sequential approach of acquisitions and immediate integration, widening the service offering and client set, and automating the delivery system. Over the years, MWH has been ranked in the top three firms in the world in water infrastructure, engineering and construction by multiple U.S. and international rating publications. Mr. Uhler also serves on the boards of several non-profit and private companies, including SC Companies, Inc., Smithsonian Institute's National Museum of American History, and the Civil War Trust.

Education: 
 .M.Engr., University of Florida 

 .B.S., United States Military Academy at West Point 

Public Directorships (other than Great Lakes): 
 .None

Skills and Qualifications: 
 .Strategic, Engineering and Construction Experience.  Extensive background in formulating business strategies in the engineering and construction fields. 

 .Management Experience.  Experience as a President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Strategy Officer.

 .International.  Considerable knowledge and experience managing and expanding international business operations.
		
Source: Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation on 03/30/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert B. Uhler's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert B. Uhler. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert B. Uhler's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert B. Uhler's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert B. Uhler through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert B. Uhler


















Robert B. Uhler's Connections (20)





Sign up now to view Robert B. Uhler's 20 connections »









Carl A. Albert
Board Member, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation









D. Michael Steuert
Board Member, Weyerhaeuser Co.









Jason G. Weiss
Board Member, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation









Lasse J. Petterson
Chief Executive Officer and Director, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation









Jonathan W. Berger
Former Chief Executive Officer, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation









Michael J. Walsh
Board Member, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation









Mark W. Marinko
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation









Christopher P. Shea
Former President - E&R, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation









Lawrence R. Dickerson
Board Member, Murphy Oil Corporation









Katherine M. O'Halloran
Former Vice President and Corporate Controller, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













