










 









Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,568 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,707 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,123 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,436 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,843 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,707 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,819 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,166 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,568 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,295 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,608 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,761 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,010 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,360 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,695 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,436 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,491 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,730 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,123 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,490 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,943 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Acushnet Company - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Acushnet Company















Reference for Business


Company History Index


Manufacturing


Acushnet Company - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Acushnet Company










333 Bridge StreetFairhaven, Massachusetts 02719-0965U.S.A.


Company Perspectives:

Titleist is committed to satisfy golfers with golf products of superior performance and quality. The Titleist culture will be one of challenging up and supporting down. Recognizing that the ultimate competitive advantage is an environment that utilizes and develops the creative energies of all associates, our objective will be to develop goal directed work teams empowered to anticipate and respond to changing consumer/market conditions. Destiny is not a matter of chance. Destiny is a matter of choice.
History of Acushnet Company








A subsidiary of Fortune Brands Inc., Achusnet Company is devoted to producing golfing equipment and accessories. The Fairhaven, Massachusetts-based company boasts three of the most important brands in the industry: Titleist, Foot-Joy, and Cobra. Titleist produces the top selling golf ball, a favorite of touring professionals for several decades, but the logo also adorns other golf products, including clubs, gloves, bags, and accessories. Foot-Joy is best known for golf shoes and also markets dress and athletic shoes as well as golf gloves and accessories. Cobra's focus is golf clubs, but it too makes accessories. In addition to eight manufacturing, sales, and distribution centers located in the United States, Acushnet also operates facilities in countries across the world, including England, France, Germany, South Africa, Japan, and the Peoples Republic of China.

1910 Origins

Acushnet was founded in 1910 by a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Phillip W. "Skipper" Young, along with two college friends. Their partnership was called Peabody, Young & Weeks but subsequently became known as Acushnet Processing Company, named after the town in which they set up shop, Acushnet, Massachusetts. Although the company soon moved to New Bedford, Massachusetts, it retained the Acushnet name. Its original focus was on rubber, taking advantage of a process Young developed to reconstitute rubber waste and scraps into a workable material. Acushnet developed a steady business with the major Akron, Ohio, rubber companies, which sent them their rubber scraps to be processed. By the end of World War I, in 1918, Acushnet was the world's largest supplier of reclaimed uncured rubber. However, with the dramatic drop in rubber prices in the early 1920s, falling from more than $3 per pound to just three cents per pound, Acushnet was forced to shift its focus. The company began to produce a number of molded rubber products, including bathing shoes and caps, toy boats, and hot water bottles. Acushnet became involved in the golfing business because of Young's fondness for, and frustration with, the game. According to company lore, he was so dismayed by the inaccuracy of his golf shots one day that he decided to x-ray some golf balls to see if the cores were properly centered. He found that most were well off the mark and prone to erratic shots. As a result, he decided to develop a better golf ball.
The first golf balls, dating as far back as the 15th century, were made of wood, either from elm or beech. Although durable, they were far from aerodynamic and could travel only around 100 yards. Next came leather spheres filled with cow's hair. The first major breakthrough in the evolution of the golf ball was the "feathery," introduced in 1618. Inside its leather sphere, painted white for better visibility, were goose feathers. The ball was packed while wet, so that upon drying it would become tight and firm and capable of being driven twice as far as a wooden ball. This process was labor intensive and thus resulted in a product that was expensive beyond the reach of average people. Next came the Gutta Percha ball, developed by Reverend Adam Paterson of St. Andrews, Scotland. It was made from rubber, the name referring to the gutta percha gum used as a raw material. The gutta percha ball could be mass produced, making golf more affordable, but it also had a tendency to break into pieces while in flight. Then, in 1898, Coburn Haskell introduced a more durable golf ball, one that had a solid rubber core around which was wrapped rubber thread that was then enclosed in a gutta percha covering. By the early 1900s, the Haskell ball became the standard in golf. As Skipper Young discovered, however, the balls were not precisely manufactured.

Introducing the Titleist in the 1930s

After introducing the x-ray machine to golfing technology, in 1930 Young patented a machine that could wind rubber string around a rubber core in a uniform manner, which led to the development of a "dead center" golf ball that he named Titleist. To demonstrate the effectiveness of his new ball, Young also developed the first mechanical golf swing machine, a two-headed affair that with its consistent stroke was able to show that there was only a minor variance among individual Titleist balls. As a result of this foray into the golf ball business, Acushnet split into two divisions, one devoted entirely to golf and the other to the company's remaining rubber products. An important decision made early on was to limit the sale of Titleist golf balls to golf course pro shops, thus attaining a higher margin.
With the advent of World War II, Acushnet shelved its golf business for several years, instead devoting its resources to the production of molded gas masks, for which the company became the Allies' sole supplier, as well as an oxygen mask developed in conjunction with Harvard Medical School and important war materials such as torpedo gaskets and o-rings. With the end of the war in 1945, Acushnet returned to making golf balls and other consumer products. In 1948, the company introduced what it called "dynamite thread," which along with other refinements resulted in increased yardage. A major milestone was reached the following year when Titleist became the most played ball at the prestigious U.S. Open tournament.
In the 20 years following World War II, Acushnet's golf division grew alongside the popularity of the sport. During this span, the number of golf courses more than doubled, from 4,000 to 8,700, and the number of people who played 15 or more rounds of golf each year expanded from 2.5 million to 8.5 million. The amount of money spent on golf equipment increased from around $60 million to $150 million, one-third of which was spent on golf balls. Acushnet took steps to maintain its leadership in golf ball technology by launching a research and development team that studied golf ball aerodynamics. The company also moved beyond golf balls when in 1962 it acquired John Reuter Jr., Inc., maker of the popular Bulls Eye putter. In 1969, Acushnet added other golf clubs as well as golf bags to its product line by acquiring Golfcraft Inc. It was also during this period, in 1968, that the company changed its name from Acushnet Process Company to Acushnet Company, Inc. While the rubber and golf divisions accounted for an equal share of the company's revenues of $45 million, the golf business proved to be more profitable.








Acushnet became involved in golf carts in 1975 by acquiring Shelford Group of England. A year later, Acushnet was itself acquired, bought by American Brands, Inc., a company that was initially involved in the tobacco industry but in time added other consumer products, such as Sunshine Biscuits and James B. Beam Distilling Co. (American Brands took the name Fortune Brands Inc. in 1997.) As a subsidiary of American Brands, Acushnet continued to operate both golf and rubber products divisions for another 18 years. Finally, in 1994, management from the rubber division bought their operation from the parent company, naming it Acushnet Rubber Company, Inc. In 2002, the company dropped the Acushnet name, choosing instead to call itself Precix (pronounced "precise").
Acushnet, the golf subsidiary, continued to grow under new ownership, and in 1985 added another major brand, Foot-Joy. The company was just one of dozens of shoemakers operating in Brockton, Massachusetts, when it was founded in 1857 as the Burt and Packard Company. It was known as the Field and Flint Company in 1910 when it first became involved in the golf shoe business. The Foot-Joy line of golf shoes was introduced in the 1920s and received a major boost when the American Ryder Cup team, which played the best Europeans in a team tournament, selected Foot-Joy as its official shoes. By 1945, a majority of professionals on the U.S. PGA Tour wore Foot-Joys, a distinction the company retains until the present day. Field and Flint was acquired by the Stone and Tarlow families in 1957. As Titelist had done earlier, new management opted to limit the sale of Foot-Joy golf shoes to pro shops. The company took on the name of its signature brand in 1970, dropping Field and Flint Company for Foot-Joy, Inc. In 1975, a controlling interest in the business passed to General Mills, Inc., which two years later bought the rest of the company. As part of General Mills Fashion Group of companies, Foot-Joy became involved in golf gloves in the early 1980s, its Sta-Sof golf glove becoming the top seller. It also added golf socks, which also became number one in the category. When the corporate parent decided to reorganize to focus on its core businesses, a number of suitors made a bid for Foot-Joy, including a management group led by Richard and William Tarlow, who had sold the business to General Mills ten years earlier, as well as Converse, Inc. and Spalding. Acushnet emerged the winner, paying nearly $57 million for Foot-Joy.
Not only did Acushnet and Spalding spar over Foot-Joy, the two leading companies in golf equipment spent considerable time in court from 1981 to 1990 hashing out patent issues. The initial dispute involved Spalding's 1974 patent for a sodium and zinc golf ball cover called Surlyn. It was a major advance because it prevented excessive cracking. Titleist and a number of other ball manufacturers adopted the formula and Spalding went to court to protect its patent. After eight years of litigation, a federal judge in 1989 ruled against Acushnet. While Acushnet filed an appeal, it sued Spalding over patent violations regarding golf ball dimple patterns, fluorescent ball covering, and golf ball molding. Finally, in November 1990, the two companies settled their differences, agreeing to a cross-licensing of patents.

The 1990s and Beyond

In 1990, Acushnet reorganized its golf business, forging a single operating unit, Titleist and Foot-Joy Worldwide. A third major brand joined the fold in January 1996 with the acquisition of Cobra Golf Inc., maker of high-tech golf clubs. Cobra was a much younger entity than its sister companies. It was launched in 1973 by Thomas Crow, a former Australian Amateur Champion who also had 20 years of experience in golf club design working at Melbourne-based Precision Golf. Crow emigrated to San Diego, California, and launched his own golf club company, producing a unique club called the Baffler, the first utility wood that golfers could rely on to help them escape from especially tricky lies. The company then built on a reputation for innovation. In the mid-1980s, it embraced lightweight graphite shafts. Later, it developed the first full sets of oversized irons.
At first, Cobra Golf Inc. operated as a separate unit from Titleist and Foot-Joy Worldwide, but in August 1999 Acushnet's management decided to consolidate the golf club business. Although the brands continued to maintain separation, their operations were combined and streamlined to cut costs and gain efficiencies. A year later, the Titleist and Cobra sales forces were also consolidated, a move designed to help Cobra, which lacked a large enough stand-alone sales force to achieve the level of sales Acushnet expected from the brand. In 2000, Acushnet did away with the two division format, opting instead to do business as a single entity, Acushnet Company, featuring its three premiere brands.
In the last two decades of the 20th century, Acushnet expanded its golf business internationally. In 1983, the company formed a joint venture with Tokyo Tire and Rubber Company to distribute Titleist products in Japan. Acushnet Foot-Joy Thailand Ltd. was launched in 1990 to manufacture Foot-Joy golf gloves. Acushnet GmbH became operational in Germany in 1992. A year later, operations were established in Canada, Sweden, France, Denmark, and Austria. In 1994, Acushnet Nederland BV was launched, followed in 1995 by a joint venture in Taiwan to manufacture Foot-Joy golf shoes. The Acushnet South Africa office opened in 1996. Finally, Acushnet Singapore Pte. Ltd. launched operations in Singapore and Malaysia in 2002.
Leading Acushnet into the new century was president and CEO Walter R. Uihlein, a long-time executive with the company. An avid golfer from childhood, Uihlein went to work at a local pro shop as a teenager. He was, by his own admission, entranced by the image portrayed by the Titleist sales rep, who was always better dressed than the competition and had the air of the consummate professional. One Titleist rep, Jim Kernohan, took Uihlein under his wing and helped him land a job with Dunlop after college. As soon as a sales job opened up at Titleist, however, Uihlein was quick to lobby for the position. An enthusiastic and hard worker, he quickly made his way up through the ranks. Hired as a sales rep in 1977, he was promoted to national sales manager little more than a year later. By age 33, he made vice-president, and three years later, in 1985, became the youngest general manager in the company's history. In 1989, he became president and CEO of Titleist and added the chairmanship in 1995. In that same year, he became president and CEO of Acushnet.
The emergence of Tiger Woods in the late 1990s increased golf's popularity and also added to the complexities Uihlein faced in leading Acushnet into the new century. In 2000, Woods dropped his endorsement of Titleist balls, opting instead for the new line of Nike golf balls. Although Acushnet lost some sales, Titleist continued to own a third of the market. In fact, Titleist faced greater challenges elsewhere, as a number of other companies began introducing a wide variety of high-tech balls. Titleist kept pace by offering its own advances. Acushnet as a whole had to contend with increased competition as well as the fallout of poor economic conditions that adversely impacted golf. The number of rounds of golf worldwide fell off, resulting in a glut of golf balls in inventory. In the summer of 2002, Acushnet cut nearly 300 jobs. In May 2003, the company announced further cutbacks, with another 200 jobs to be shed over the course of the next year, including the elimination of Ball Plant I, the original ball-making facility in Acushnet, Massachusetts, which opened in 1932. Despite making fewer golf balls, Acushnet was still able in 2002 to crack the $1 billion mark in annual revenues for the first time.

Principal Competitors: Callaway Golf Company; Nike, Inc.; The Top-Flite Golf Company.
Chronology


Key Dates:


1910: The company is formed as a rubber processing business.

1932: A Golf Ball Division is created.

1968: Acushnet Company name is adopted.

1976: The company is acquired by American Brands, Inc.

1985: Foot-Joy, Inc. is acquired.

1994: The company's Rubber division is sold off.

1996: Cobra Golf Incorporated is acquired.

2000: Tiger Woods drops his endorsement of Titleist balls.

2002: Acushnet reaches the $1 billion mark in annual revenues.

Additional Details


Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Fortune Brands Inc.


Founded: 1910 as Peabody, Young & Weeks

Employees: 4,615

Sales: $1 billion (2002)

NAIC: 339920 Sporting and Athletic Good Manufacturer

Further Reference

Brink, Bill, and Richard Sandomir, "Quest for Perfect Ball Consumes Pros and Duffers," New York Times, June 16, 2002, p. 8.
Seal, Mark, "Family Affair," Golf World Business, October 2001, p. 28.
"Steady Gains in Sales, Profits Are Par for Course at Acushnet," Barron's National Business and Financial Weekly, April 22, 1968, p. 30.
Sterba, James P., "Rolling Clones," Wall Street Journal, June 15, 2000, p. A1.


User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment






Acushnet Company forum

















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Walter R Uihlein - Mattapoisett, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Walter R Uihlein in Mattapoisett, MA


Walter R Uihlein

                                                                           Intelius found that Walter R Uihlein  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Mattapoisett, MA.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Walter R Uihlein is in his 60s

Walter Has Lived In

Mattapoisett, MA
Fair Haven, MA
Bradenton, FL

Walter's Relatives

Tina Uihlein
Peter Uihlein
Jonathan Uihlein







Walter R Uihlein



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Acushnet Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Walter? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Walter, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Walter R Uihlein
Get a Criminal Check on Walter R Uihlein
Get a Public Record Report on Walter R Uihlein
Get a People Search Report on Walter R Uihlein


Walter R Uihlein's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Walter R Uihlein has lived as well as Walter R Uihlein's phone numbers and email addresses.




Walter R Uihlein Has Lived in 3 States
Massachusetts Address for Walter R Uihlein


2 P*** R**** L* 

Mattapoisett, MA


Has Lived In

Mattapoisett, MA
Fair Haven, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Walter R Uihlein

(508) ***-**** - Mattapoisett, MA 
(407) ***-**** - Orlando, FL 
(508) ***-**** - Fair Haven, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Walter R Uihlein

w********2@***.com
w*******n@***.com
w************n@***.com


Get Email Report




Walter R Uihlein's Professional Information
Information regarding Walter R Uihlein's professional history.  Find out previous places Walter R Uihlein has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Walter R Uihlein Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Acushnet Company
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Acushnet Company
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Walter R Uihlein's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Acushnet Company
Job Details

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Acushnet Company
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Walter R Uihlein

 See Walter R Uihlein's LinkedIn Profile



Walter R Uihlein's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Walter R Uihlein


Walter R Uihlein's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Walter R Uihlein's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Walter Uihlein
Username Matches

                  WalterUihlein
                  UihleinWalter
                  Walter.Uihlein
                  Uihlein.Walter
                  Walter_Uihlein
                  Uihlein_Walter
                  Walter-Uihlein
                  Uihlein-Walter
                  WUihlein
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Uihlein







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


















Manufacturing















Reference for Business


Company History Index


		 Manufacturing
	 




180s, L.L.C.


3M Company


A-dec, Inc.


A. O. Smith Corporation


A. Schulman, Inc.


A. T. Cross Company


A.B.Dick Company


A.O. Smith Corporation


A.T. Cross Company


A.W. Faber-Castell Unternehmensverwaltung GmbH & Co.


AAF-McQuay Incorporated


AAON, Inc.


AAR Corp.


ABB Ltd.


ABC Rail Products Corporation


AEP Industries, Inc.


AGCO Corp.


AGCO Corporation


AKG Acoustics GmbH


ALARIS Medical Systems, Inc.


AMETEK, Inc.


AMF Bowling, Inc.


ARBED S.A.


ASICS Corporation


ASML Holding N.V.


ASV, Inc.


AU Optronics Corporation


AVX Corporation


Aarhus United A/S


Abiomed, Inc.


Acme United Corporation


Acme-Cleveland Corp.


Acorn Products, Inc.


Acushnet Company


Acuson Corporation


Adams Golf, Inc.


Adolf Würth GmbH & Co. KG


Advanced Circuits Inc.


Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc.


Ag-Chem Equipment Company, Inc.


Aga Foodservice Group PLC


Agfa Gevaert Group N.V.


Agrium Inc.


Ahlstrom Corporation


Airgas, Inc.


Aktiebolaget Electrolux


Aktiebolaget SKF


Alamo Group Inc.


Alberto-Culver Company


Aldila Inc.


Alfa Laval AB


Allen Organ Company


Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation


Alliant Techsystems Inc.


Allied Healthcare Products, Inc.


Allied Products Corporation


Allied Signal Engines


AlliedSignal Inc.


Allison Gas Turbine Division


Alltrista Corporation


Alps Electric Co., Ltd.


Alticor Inc.


Alvis Plc


Amer Group plc


American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.


American Biltrite Inc.


American Business Products, Inc.


American Cast Iron Pipe Company


American Greetings Corporation


American Homestar Corporation


American Locker Group Incorporated


American Power Conversion Corporation


American Seating Company


American Standard Companies Inc.


American Technical Ceramics Corp.


American Tourister, Inc.


American Woodmark Corporation


Ameriwood Industries International Corp.


Amerock Corporation


Ameron International Corporation


Ampacet Corporation


Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation


Ampex Corporation


Amway Corporation


Analogic Corporation


Anchor Hocking Glassware


Andersen Corporation


Andreas Stihl


Andreas Stihl AG & Co. KG


Andritz AG


Ansell Ltd.


Anthem Electronics, Inc.


Apasco S.A. de C.V.


Apex Digital, Inc.


Applica Incorporated


Applied Films Corporation


Applied Materials, Inc.


Applied Micro Circuits Corporation


Applied Power Inc.


AptarGroup, Inc.


Arc International


Arctco, Inc.


Arctic Cat Inc.


Ariens Company


Armor All Products Corp.


Armstrong Holdings, Inc.


Armstrong World Industries, Inc.


Artesyn Technologies Inc.


ArthroCare Corporation


ArvinMeritor, Inc.


Asahi Glass Company, Ltd.


Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.


Astec Industries, Inc.


Astronics Corporation


Atlas Copco AB


Atwood Mobile Products


Aurora Casket Company, Inc.


Austal Limited


Austin Powder Company


Avedis Zildjian Co.


Avery Dennison Corporation


Avocent Corporation


Avondale Industries


B.J. Alan Co., Inc.


BAE Systems Ship Repair


BEI Technologies, Inc.


BIC Corporation


BISSELL Inc.


BMC Industries, Inc.


BRIO AB


BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH


BTR Siebe plc


Badger Meter, Inc.


Baldor Electric Company


Baldwin Piano & Organ Company


Baldwin Technology Company, Inc.


Balfour Beatty plc


Ballantyne of Omaha, Inc.


Ballard Medical Products


Ballard Power Systems Inc.


Baltek Corporation


Baltimore Aircoil Company, Inc.


Bandai Co., Ltd.


Barmag AG


Barnes Group Inc.


Bassett Furniture Industries, Inc.


Bath Iron Works


Beckman Coulter, Inc.


Beckman Instruments, Inc.


Becton, Dickinson & Company


Behr GmbH & Co. KG


Beiersdorf AG


Bel Fuse, Inc.


Belden CDT Inc.


Belden Inc.


Bell Sports Corporation


Belleek Pottery Ltd.


Beloit Corporation


BenQ Corporation


Benjamin Moore & Co.


Berger Bros Company


Bernina Holding AG


Berry Plastics Corporation


Berwick Offray, LLC


Bianchi International (d/b/a Gregory Mountain Products)


Billabong International Ltd.


Binks Sames Corporation


Binney & Smith Inc.


Biomet, Inc.


Biosite Incorporated


Black Diamond Equipment, Ltd.


Blodgett Holdings, Inc.


Blount International, Inc.


Blount, Inc.


Blue Nile Inc.


Blundstone Pty Ltd.


Blyth Industries, Inc.


Bodum Design Group AG


Boral Limited


Borden, Inc.


Boston Scientific Corporation


Bou-Matic


Brady Corporation


Brammer PLC


Brannock Device Company


Brass Eagle Inc.


Bridgeport Machines, Inc.


Briggs & Stratton Corporation


British Vita plc


Brother Industries, Ltd.


Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Co.


Brown-Forman Corporation


Broyhill Furniture Industries, Inc.


Brunswick Corporation


Buck Knives Inc.


Buckeye Technologies, Inc.


Bucyrus International, Inc.


Bugle Boy Industries, Inc.


Building Materials Holding Corporation


Bulgari S.p.A.


Bulova Corporation


Bundy Corporation


Burelle S.A.


Burton Snowboards Inc.


Bush Boake Allen Inc.


Bush Industries, Inc.


Butler Manufacturing Co.


Butler Manufacturing Company


BÖHLER-UDDEHOLM AG


Bénéteau SA


C&J Clark International Ltd.


C.F. Martin & Co., Inc.


C.R. Bard, Inc.


CASIO Computer Co., Ltd.


CEMEX S.A. de C.V.


CLARCOR Inc.


CNH Global N.V.


COBE Cardiovascular, Inc.


CRH plc


CTB International Corporation


CUNO Incorporated


California Cedar Products Company


California Steel Industries, Inc.


Callaway Golf Company


Campbell Scientific, Inc.


Cannondale Corporation


Canon Inc.


Capstone Turbine Corporation


Caradon plc


Carbo PLC


Carbone Lorraine S.A.


Cardo AB


Carl-Zeiss-Stiftung


Carma Laboratories, Inc.


Carrier Corporation


Carter Holt Harvey Ltd.


Cascade Corporation


Cascade General, Inc.


Catalina Lighting, Inc.


Caterpillar Inc.


Cavco Industries, Inc.


Central Garden & Pet Company


Central Sprinkler Corporation


Centuri Corporation


Century Aluminum Company


Cenveo Inc.


Cepheid


Ceradyne, Inc.


Cessna Aircraft Company


Champion Enterprises, Inc.


Chanel


Chanel SA


Chart Industries, Inc.


Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V.


Chittenden & Eastman Company


Chris-Craft Corporation


Chris-Craft Industries, Inc.


Christian Dalloz SA


Christofle SA


Ciments Fran&ccedils


Cincinnati Lamb Inc.


Cincinnati Milacron Inc.


Cinemeccanica S.p.A.


Cinram International, Inc.


Circon Corporation


Cirrus Design Corporation


Clarcor Inc.


Clayton Homes Incorporated


Coach, Inc.


Coachmen Industries, Inc.


Cobra Golf Inc.


Cochlear Ltd.


Cockerill Sambre Group


Cognex Corporation


Cohu, Inc.


Colas S.A.


Colfax Corporation


Collins Industries, Inc.


Colorado MEDtech, Inc.


Colt's Manufacturing Company, Inc.


Columbia Sportswear Company


Columbus McKinnon Corporation


CommScope, Inc.


Compagnie de Saint-Gobain


Compass Minerals International, Inc.


CompuDyne Corporation


Conair Corporation


Concord Camera Corporation


Congoleum Corp.


Conn-Selmer, Inc.


Conrad Industries, Inc.


Conso International Corporation


Consorcio G Grupo Dina, S.A. de C.V.


Constar International Inc.


Controladora Mabe, S.A. de C.V.


Cooper Cameron Corporation


Cooper Industries, Inc.


Cordis Corporation


Corning Inc.


Corrpro Companies, Inc.


Corticeira Amorim, Sociedade Gestora de Participaço es Sociais, S.A.


Crane Co.


Cranium, Inc.


Creative Technology Ltd.


Creo Inc.


Crosman Corporation


Crown Equipment Corporation


Cuisinart Corporation


Cummins Engine Company, Inc.


Curtiss-Wright Corporation


Cutter & Buck Inc.


Cyberonics, Inc.


Cybex International, Inc.


Cymer, Inc.


DC Shoes, Inc.


DCN S.A.


DEMCO, Inc.


DENSO Corporation


DMI Furniture, Inc.


DTS, Inc.


Dade Behring Holdings Inc.


Daisy Outdoor Products Inc.


Dana Corporation


Danaher Corporation


Daniel Industries, Inc.


Danisco A/S


De'Longhi S.p.A.


DeCrane Aircraft Holdings Inc.


DePuy Inc.


Dearborn Mid-West Conveyor Company


Decora Industries, Inc.


Decorator Industries Inc.


Deere & Company


Defiance, Inc.


Delachaux S.A.


Dell Inc.


Deluxe Corporation


Denby Group plc


Denison International plc


Detroit Diesel Corporation


Deutz AG


Devro plc


Diebold, Incorporated


Diehl Stiftung & Co. KG


Diesel SpA


Dixon Industries, Inc.


Dixon Ticonderoga Company


Djarum PT


Donaldson Company, Inc.


Donnelly Corporation


Dorel Industries Inc.


Douglas & Lomason Company


Dover Corporation


Drew Industries Inc.


Drexel Heritage Furnishings Inc.


Dril-Quip, Inc.


Drypers Corporation


Ducommun Incorporated


Duncan Toys Company


Dunn-Edwards Corporation


Duracell International Inc.


Durametallic


Duriron Company Inc.


Duron Inc.


Dynea


Dyson Group PLC


Dürkopp Adler AG


Dürr AG


EADS SOCATA


ECC International Corp.


EDO Corporation


EG & G Incorporated


EXX Inc.


Eagle-Picher Industries, Inc.


East Penn Manufacturing Co., Inc.


Eastman Kodak Company


Easton Sports, Inc.


Eaton Corporation


Ecolab Inc.


Ekco Group, Inc.


Elamex, S.A. de C.V.


Elano Corporation


Electrolux AB


Eljer Industries, Inc.


Elkay Manufacturing Company


Elscint Ltd.


Empire Resources, Inc.


Encompass Services Corporation


Encore Wire Corporation


Energizer Holdings, Inc.


Energy Conversion Devices, Inc.


Enesco Corporation


Engineered Support Systems, Inc.


English China Clays Ltd.


Enodis plc


Ernie Ball, Inc.


Escalade, Incorporated


Esselte


Esselte Leitz GmbH & Co. KG


Esterline Technologies Corp.


Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc.


Everlast Worldwide Inc.


Excel Technology, Inc.


FAG--Kugelfischer Georg Schäfer AG


FEI Company


FLIR Systems, Inc.


FLSmidth & Co. A/S


FSI International, Inc.


Fabbrica D' Armi Pietro Beretta S.p.A.


Facom S.A.


Faiveley S.A.


Falcon Products, Inc.


Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.


Fanuc Ltd.


Farah Incorporated


Farmer Bros. Co.


Fastenal Company


Faultless Starch/Bon Ami Company


Featherlite Inc.


Fedders Corp.


Fedders Corporation


Federal Prison Industries, Inc.


Federal Signal Corp.


Fellowes Manufacturing Company


Fender Musical Instruments Company


Ferro Corporation


Firearms Training Systems, Inc.


First Alert, Inc.


First International Computer, Inc.


Fisher Controls International, Inc.


Fisher Controls International, LLC


Fisher Scientific International Inc.


Fisher-Price Inc.


Fiskars Corporation


Flanders Corporation


Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc.


Flexsteel Industries Inc.


Flextronics International Ltd.


Flour City International, Inc.


Flow International Corporation


Flowserve Corporation


Fort James Corporation


FosterGrant, Inc.


Fountain Powerboats Industries, Inc.


Foxboro Company


Framatome SA


Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc.


Franke Holding AG


Franklin Electric Company, Inc.


Freudenberg & Co.


Friedrich Grohe AG & Co. KG


Frigidaire Home Products


Frymaster Corporation


Fuji Photo Film Co., Ltd.


Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd.


Fuqua Enterprises, Inc.


Furniture Brands International, Inc.


Furon Company


G. Leblanc Corporation


G.S. Blodgett Corporation


GE Aircraft Engines


GEA AG


GKN plc


Gardner Denver, Inc.


Geberit AG


Gehl Company


Gemini Sound Products Corporation


Gemplus International S.A.


Gen-Probe Incorporated


General Atomics


General Bearing Corporation


General Binding Corporation


General Cable Corporation


General Dynamics Corporation


General Housewares Corporation


Genmar Holdings, Inc.


Georg Fischer AG Schaffhausen


Georgia Gulf Corporation


Gerber Scientific, Inc.


Gerresheimer Glas AG


Giddings & Lewis, Inc.


Gildemeister AG


Glaverbel Group


Gleason Corporation


Glen Dimplex


Global Power Equipment Group Inc.


Glock Ges.m.b.H.


Goodman Holding Company


Goodrich Corporation


Goody Products, Inc.


Goss Holdings, Inc.


Goulds Pumps Inc.


Graco Inc.


Graham Corporation


Granite Industries of Vermont, Inc.


Grant Prideco, Inc.


Greatbatch Inc.


Greene, Tweed & Company


Greif Inc.


Griffin Industries, Inc.


Griffon Corporation


Grinnell Corp.


Groupe André


Groupe Guillin SA


Groupe Herstal S.A.


Groupe Legris Industries


Groupe SEB


Grow Group Inc.


Groz-Beckert Group


Grupo Cydsa, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo IMSA, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo Industrial Saltillo, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo Lladró S.A.


Guangzhou Pearl River Piano Group Ltd.


Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.


Gunite Corporation


Guy Degrenne SA


H.B. Fuller Company


HEICO Corporation


HMI Industries, Inc.


HON INDUSTRIES Inc.


Hach Co.


Hackman Oyj Adp


Haemonetics Corporation


Haier Group Corporation


Hansgrohe AG


Hanson PLC


Hardinge Inc.


Harland and Wolff Holdings plc


Harmon Industries, Inc.


Harnischfeger Industries, Inc.


Hartmarx Corporation


Haskel International, Inc.


Hastings Manufacturing Company


Haworth Inc.


Head N.V.


Headwaters Incorporated


Health O Meter Products Inc.


Heekin Can Inc.


Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG


Hella KGaA Hueck & Co.


Henkel Manco Inc.


Heraeus Holding GmbH


Herman Miller, Inc.


Hermès International S.A.


Hexagon AB


High Tech Computer Corporation


Hillenbrand Industries, Inc.


Hillerich & Bradsby Company, Inc.


Hillsdown Holdings plc


Hilti AG


Hindustan Lever Limited


Hitchiner Manufacturing Co., Inc.


Hollander Home Fashions Corp.


Holson Burnes Group, Inc.


Home Products International, Inc.


Hooker Furniture Corporation


Hoshino Gakki Co. Ltd.


Host America Corporation


Hubbell Inc.


Huffy Corporation


Huhtamäki Oyj


Hummel International A/S


Hunt Manufacturing Company


Hunter Fan Company


Huntleigh Technology PLC


Hydril Company


Hyster Company


Héroux-Devtek Inc.


IDEO Inc.


II-VI Incorporated


IMI plc


INTERMET Corporation


Icon Health & Fitness, Inc.


IdraPrince, Inc.


Igloo Products Corp.


Illinois Tool Works Inc.


Imatra Steel Oy Ab


Imo Industries Inc.


In-Sink-Erator


Inchcape PLC


Inchcape plc


Indel, Inc.


Industrie Natuzzi S.p.A.


Infineon Technologies AG


Ingalls Shipbuilding, Inc.


Ingersoll-Rand Company


Ingersoll-Rand Company Ltd.


Insilco Corporation


Internacional de Ceramica, S.A. de C.V.


International Controls Corporation


International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.


International Game Technology


Intuitive Surgical, Inc.


Invacare Corporation


Invensys PLC


Invivo Corporation


Ionics, Incorporated


Ipsen International Inc.


Irwin Toy Limited


Itron, Inc.


J. D'Addario & Company, Inc.


J.M. Voith AG


JAKKS Pacific, Inc.


JLG Industries, Inc.


Jabil Circuit, Inc.


Jacuzzi Brands Inc.


Jacuzzi Inc.


James Avery Craftsman, Inc.


James Hardie Industries N.V.


JanSport, Inc.


Japan Tobacco Inc.


Jayco Inc.


Jeld-Wen, Inc.


Jenoptik AG


Jervis B. Webb Company


John Frieda Professional Hair Care Inc.


Johns Manville Corporation


Johnson Controls, Inc.


Johnson Matthey PLC


Johnson Worldwide Associates, Inc.


Johnstown America Industries, Inc.


Jostens, Inc.


Jotun A/S


Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabric GmbH


K'Nex Industries, Inc.


KB Toys


KI


KONE Corporation


KSB AG


Kaman Corp.


Kaman Corporation


Kaman Music Corporation


Kansai Paint Company Ltd.


Karsten Manufacturing Corporation


Kasper A.S.L., Ltd.


Katy Industries, Inc.


Kawai Musical Instruments Manufacturing Co., Ltd.


Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.


Kaydon Corporation


Kelly-Moore Paint Company, Inc.


Kenmore Air Harbor Inc.


Kennametal Inc.


Keramik Holding AG Laufen


Kerr Group Inc.


Kewaunee Scientific Corporation


Key Safety Systems, Inc.


Key Tronic Corporation


Keystone International, Inc.


Kimball International, Inc.


Kit Manufacturing Co.


Knape & Vogt Manufacturing Company


Knoll Group Inc.


Knoll, Inc.


Koala Corporation


Kobe Steel, Ltd.


Koch Enterprises, Inc.


Koenig & Bauer AG


Kohler Company


Komatsu Ltd.


Kone Corporation


KraftMaid Cabinetry, Inc.


Kubota Corporation


Kuhlman Corporation


Kwang Yang Motor Company Ltd.


Kyocera Corporation


L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc.


L. and J.G. Stickley, Inc.


L.B. Foster Company


L.S. Starrett Company


LADD Furniture, Inc.


LSB Industries, Inc.


La-Z-Boy Incoporated


LaCie Group S.A.


LaSiDo Inc.


Lacks Enterprises Inc.


Ladish Co., Inc.


Lafarge Cement UK


Lafarge Corporation


Lafuma S.A.


Lakeland Industries, Inc.


Lam Research Corporation


Lamson & Sessions Co.


Lancer Corporation


Laserscope


LeapFrog Enterprises, Inc.


Lear Corporation


Leatherman Tool Group, Inc.


Leggett & Platt, Inc.


Leggett & Platt, Incorporated


Leica Camera AG


Leica Microsystems Holdings GmbH


Lennox International Inc.


Lenox, Inc.


Leupold & Stevens, Inc.


Lexmark International, Inc.


Liebherr-International AG


Lifetime Brands, Inc.


Linamar Corporation


Lincoln Electric Co.


Lindal Cedar Homes, Inc.


Lindsay Manufacturing Co.


Lipman Electronic Engineering Ltd.


Little Tikes Co.


Little Tikes Company


Logitech International S.A.


Logitech International SA


Lufkin Industries, Inc.


Lydall, Inc.


Lynch Corporation


M & F Worldwide Corp.


M.A. Bruder & Sons, Inc.


MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc.


Mabuchi Motor Co. Ltd.


MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.


MacGregor Golf Company


Mace Security International, Inc.


Mackay Envelope Corporation


Madeco S.A.


Madison-Kipp Corporation


Mag Instrument, Inc.


Maidenform, Inc.


Mail-Well, Inc.


Makita Corporation


Manhattan Group, LLC


Manitou BF S.A.


Manitowoc Company, Inc.


Marcolin S.p.A.


Margarete Steiff GmbH


Marine Products Corporation


Marisa Christina, Inc.


Mark IV Industries, Inc.


Marshall Amplification plc


Martin Industries, Inc.


Martin-Baker Aircraft Company Limited


Marvin Lumber & Cedar Company


Mary Kay, Inc.


Masco Corporation


Masonite International Corporation


Master Lock Company


MasterBrand Cabinets, Inc.


Material Sciences Corporation


Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.


Mattel, Inc.


Matth. Hohner AG


Matthews International Corporation


Maverick Tube Corporation


Maxco Inc.


Maxwell Shoe Company, Inc.


Maytag Corporation


McClain Industries, Inc.


McKechnie plc


McWane Corporation


Meade Instruments Corporation


Meadowcraft, Inc.


Measurement Specialties, Inc.


Medtronic, Inc.


Meggitt PLC


Meiji Seika Kaisha Ltd.


Memry Corporation


Menasha Corporation


Merck & Co., Inc.


Mercury Marine Group


Merillat Industries Inc.


Merillat Industries, LLC


Mestek, Inc.


Metso Corporation


Mettler-Toledo International Inc.


Michael Anthony Jewelers, Inc.


Micrel, Incorporated


Midwest Grain Products, Inc.


Miele & Cie. KG


Mikasa, Inc.


Mikohn Gaming Corporation


Milacron, Inc.


Miller Industries, Inc.


Milton Bradley Company


Mine Safety Appliances Company


Minolta Co., Ltd.


Minuteman International Inc.


Misonix, Inc.


Mity Enterprises, Inc.


Mobile Mini, Inc.


Mocon, Inc.


Modine Manufacturing Company


Modtech Holdings, Inc.


Moen Incorporated


Mohawk Industries, Inc.


Monnaie de Paris


Monster Cable Products, Inc.


Montblanc International GmbH


Montres Rolex S.A.


Montupet S.A.


Moog Music, Inc.


Morton International Inc.


Motorcar Parts & Accessories, Inc.


Moulinex S.A.


Movado Group, Inc.


Mr. Coffee, Inc.


Mr. Gasket Inc.


Multi-Color Corporation


Märklin Holding GmbH


NCR Corporation


NETGEAR, Inc.


NGK Insulators Ltd.


NKK Corporation


NOF Corporation


NSS Enterprises, Inc.


NTN Corporation


National Envelope Corporation


National Gypsum Company


National Oilwell, Inc.


National Picture & Frame Company


National Semiconductor Corporation


National Starch and Chemical Company


Natrol, Inc.


Natural Alternatives International, Inc.


Navistar International Corporation


Neenah Foundry Company


Neopost S.A.


New Holland N.V.


Newcor, Inc.


Newell Co.


Newell Rubbermaid Inc.


Newport Corporation


Newport News Shipbuilding Inc.


Nexans SA


Nidec Corporation


Nikon Corporation


Nintendo Company, Ltd.


Nippon Steel Corporation


NordicTrack


Nordson Corporation


Nortek, Inc.


Norton McNaughton, Inc.


Novellus Systems, Inc.


Nu-kote Holding, Inc.


O'Sullivan Industries Holdings, Inc.


ODL, Inc.


Oak Industries Inc.


Oakley, Inc.


Oakwood Homes Corporation


Oil-Dri Corporation of America


Oneida Ltd.


Optische Werke G. Rodenstock


Orange Glo International


Orbotech Ltd.


Orthofix International NV


Osmonics, Inc.


Otis Elevator Company, Inc.


Otor S.A.


Outboard Marine Corporation


Outdoor Research, Incorporated


Overhead Door Corporation


Owens Corning Corporation


Owosso Corporation


P & F Industries, Inc.


PPG Industries, Inc.


PVC Container Corporation


PW Eagle, Inc.


Pacer Technology


Pacific Coast Feather Company


Pacific Dunlop Limited


Pagnossin S.p.A.


Pall Corporation


Palm Harbor Homes, Inc.


Paloma Industries Ltd.


Panavision Inc.


Park Corp.


Parker-Hannifin Corporation


Parlex Corporation


Patrick Industries, Inc.


Paul Mueller Company


Pearl Musical Instrument Company


Pechiney SA


Pella Corporation


Penn Engineering & Manufacturing Corp.


Pentair, Inc.


Pentax Corporation


Pentech International, Inc.


PerkinElmer, Inc.


Peterson American Corporation


Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation


Phoenix AG


Phoenix Mecano AG


Physio-Control International Corp.


Pilkington plc


Pilot Pen Corporation of America


Pinguely-Haulotte SA


Pirelli & C. S.p.A.


Pitney Bowes, Inc.


Pittway Corporation


Planar Systems, Inc.


PlayCore, Inc.


Playmates Toys


Playskool, Inc.


Pleasant Company


Ply Gem Industries Inc.


Pochet SA


Polaris Industries Inc.


Polaroid Corporation


Pou Chen Corporation


Prada Holding B.V.


Pranda Jewelry plc


Praxair, Inc.


Precision Castparts Corp.


Pressman Toy Corporation


Presstek, Inc.


Price Pfister, Inc.


Prince Sports Group, Inc.


Printpack, Inc.


Printronix, Inc.


Puig Beauty and Fashion Group S.L.


Pulaski Furniture Corporation


Pumpkin Masters, Inc.


Punch International N.V.


Pure World, Inc.


Puritan-Bennett Corporation


Purolator Products Company


Q.E.P. Co., Inc.


QSC Audio Products, Inc.


Quixote Corporation


R. Griggs Group Limited


RENK AG


RF Micro Devices, Inc.


RHI AG


RMC Group p.l.c.


ROFIN-SINAR Technologies Inc.


ROHN Industries, Inc.


RPC Group PLC


RPM, Inc.


Racing Champions Corporation


Radio Flyer Inc.


Raleigh UK Ltd.


Rapala-Normark Group, Ltd.


Raven Industries, Inc.


Rayovac Corporation


Raytech Corporation


Recovery Engineering, Inc.


Red Spot Paint & Varnish Company


Red Wing Pottery Sales, Inc.


Reed & Barton Corporation


Regal-Beloit Corporation


Reichhold Chemicals, Inc.


Remington Arms Company, Inc.


Remington Products Company, L.L.C.


Renner Herrmann S.A.


Revell-Monogram Inc.


Revere Ware Corporation


Rexam PLC


Rexnord Corporation


Rheinmetall Berlin AG


Richardson Industries, Inc.


Riddell Sports Inc.


Rieter Holding AG


River Oaks Furniture, Inc.


Roadmaster Industries, Inc.


Robbins & Myers Inc.


Robertson-Ceco Corporation


Rock-Tenn Company


RockShox, Inc.


Rockford Products Corporation


Rockwell Automation


Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG


Rohm and Haas Company


Rohr Incorporated


Roland Corporation


Rollerblade, Inc.


Rolls-Royce Group PLC


Ronson PLC


Roper Industries Inc.


Roper Industries, Inc.


Rose Art Industries


Roseburg Forest Products Company


Rotork plc


Royal Appliance Manufacturing Company


Royal Canin S.A.


Royal Doulton plc


Royal Group Technologies Limited


Russ Berrie and Company, Inc.


S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc.


SIFCO Industries, Inc.


SL Industries, Inc.


SLI, Inc.


SPS Technologies, Inc.


SPX Corporation


SRAM Corporation


SRC Holdings Corporation


STMicroelectronics NV


Sabaté Diosos SA


Safe Flight Instrument Corporation


Safeskin Corporation


Safety Components International, Inc.


Safilo SpA


Salant Corporation


Salton, Inc.


Samick Musical Instruments Co., Ltd.


Samsonite Corp.


Samsonite Corporation


Samuel Cabot Inc.


Sandvik AB


Sanford L.P.


Sanitec Corporation


Sanrio Company, Ltd.


Sauder Woodworking Company


Sauer-Danfoss Inc.


Sawtek Inc.


Schindler Holding AG


Schlage Lock Company


School-Tech, Inc.


Schott Corporation


Scotsman Industries, Inc.


Scovill Fasteners Inc.


SeaChange International, Inc.


Sealed Air Corporation


Sealy Inc.


Seattle FilmWorks, Inc.


Segway LLC


Seiko Corporation


Select Comfort Corporation


Sequa Corp.


Serta, Inc.


Severstal Joint Stock Company


Shakespeare Company


Shanghai Baosteel Group Corporation


Sheaffer Pen Corporation


Shelby Williams Industries, Inc.


Sherwood Brands, Inc.


Shimano Inc.


Shorewood Packaging Corporation


Shuffle Master Inc.


Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc.


Siliconware Precision Industries Ltd.


Simmons Company


Simplicity Manufacturing, Inc.


Simula, Inc.


Skis Rossignol S.A.


Skyline Corporation


Smead Manufacturing Co.


Smith & Wesson Corp.


Smith & Wesson Corporation


Smith Corona Corp.


Smith-Midland Corporation


Smoby International SA


Snap-On, Incorporated


Société BIC S.A.


Sola International Inc.


Sonic Innovations Inc.


SonoSite, Inc.


Spacelabs Medical, Inc.


Sparton Corporation


Spear & Jackson, Inc.


Specialized Bicycle Components Inc.


Specialty Equipment Companies, Inc.


Specialty Products & Insulation Co.


Spectrum Control, Inc.


Speizman Industries, Inc.


Spin Master, Ltd.


Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc


St. John Knits, Inc.


Stanadyne Automotive Corporation


Standex International Corporation


Stanley Furniture Company, Inc.


Starcraft Corporation


Stearns, Inc.


Steel Authority of India Ltd.


Steel Dynamics, Inc.


Steel Technologies Inc.


Steelcase, Inc.


Steinway Musical Properties, Inc.


Stelco Inc.


Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc.


Stratasys, Inc.


Strattec Security Corporation


Straumann Holding AG


Strombecker Corporation


Stryker Corporation


Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc.


Sub-Zero Freezer Co., Inc.


Sudbury Inc.


Sumitomo Heavy Industries, Ltd.


Sunburst Shutters Corporation


Superior Essex Inc.


Swank Inc.


Swarovski International Holding AG


Swedish Match AB


Sweetheart Cup Company, Inc.


Sybron International Corp.


Syratech Corp.


Systemax, Inc.


TAB Products Co.


TAG Heuer International SA


TAG Heuer S.A.


TB Wood's Corporation


TDK Corporation


TJ International, Inc.


TOTO LTD.


TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.


Tacony Corporation


Taiheiyo Cement Corporation


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.


Tamron Company Ltd.


Tarkett Sommer AG


Taser International, Inc.


Taylor Guitars


Taylor Made Golf Co.


TearDrop Golf Company


Techtronic Industries Company Ltd.


Tecumseh Products Company


Tektronix, Inc.


Teledyne, Inc.


Tempur-Pedic Inc.


Tenaris SA


Tennant Company


Terex Corporation


Tetra Pak International SA


Thales S.A.


The Allied Defense Group, Inc.


The Andersons, Inc.


The Aristotle Corporation


The Babcock & Wilcox Company


The Bing Group


The Black & Decker Corporation


The Boyds Collection, Ltd.


The Carbide/Graphite Group, Inc.


The Charles Machine Works, Inc.


The Clorox Company


The Coleman Company, Inc.


The Cooper Companies, Inc.


The Eastern Company


The Eureka Company


The First Years Inc.


The Franklin Mint


The Gates Corporation


The George F. Cram Company, Inc.


The Gorman-Rupp Company


The Gunlocke Company


The Hartz Mountain Corporation


The Hockey Company


The Holland Group, Inc.


The Hoover Company


The Lamson & Sessions Co.


The Lane Co., Inc.


The Longaberger Company


The Manitowoc Company, Inc.


The Marmon Group


The Middleton Doll Company


The Monarch Cement Company


The Morgan Crucible Company plc


The Ohio Art Company


The Porcelain and Fine China Companies Ltd.


The Scotts Company


The Selmer Company, Inc.


The Shaw Group, Inc.


The Singer Company N.V.


The Singing Machine Company, Inc.


The Stanley Works


The Stephan Company


The Swatch Group SA


The Testor Corporation


The Timken Company


The Topaz Group, Inc.


The Toro Company


The Torrington Company


The Wiremold Company


The York Group, Inc.


Thermadyne Holding Corporation


Thermo BioAnalysis Corp.


Thermo Fibertek, Inc.


Thermo Instrument Systems Inc.


Thermo King Corporation


Thiokol Corporation


Thomas & Betts Corp.


Thomas Industries Inc.


Thomasville Furniture Industries, Inc.


Thor Industries, Inc.


Thyssen Krupp AG


TiVo Inc.


Tilia Inc.


Timex Corporation


Titan Cement Company S.A.


Todd Shipyards Corporation


Tokheim Corporation


Tomy Company Ltd.


Tong Yang Cement Corporation


Tonka Corporation


Toolex International N.V.


Toray Industries, Inc.


Town & Country Corporation


Toymax International, Inc.


Trane


TransPro, Inc.


Tredegar Corporation


Trek Bicycle Corporation


Trex Company, Inc.


TriMas Corp.


TriPath Imaging, Inc.


TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.


Trico Products Corporation


Trisko Jewelry Sculptures, Ltd.


Triumph Group, Inc.


Tubos de Acero de Mexico, S.A. (TAMSA)


Tultex Corporation


Tupperware Corporation


Twin Disc, Inc.


Ty Inc.


Tyco International Ltd.


Tyco Toys, Inc.


U.S. Robotics Corporation


U.S. Robotics Inc.


ULVAC, Inc.


UTStarcom, Inc.


Ube Industries, Ltd.


Ultralife Batteries, Inc.


United Defense Industries, Inc.


United Defense, L.P.


United Dominion Industries Limited


United Industrial Corporation


United States Filter Corporation


United States Pipe and Foundry Company


Unitika Ltd.


Unitog Co.


Usinas Siderúrgicas de Minas Gerais S.A.


Utah Medical Products, Inc.


VA TECH ELIN EBG GmbH


VTech Holdings Ltd.


Vaillant GmbH


Vallourec SA


Valmont Industries, Inc.


Vari-Lite International, Inc.


Varian, Inc.


Variflex, Inc.


Varlen Corporation


Varta AG


Velcro Industries N.V.


Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.


Vermeer Manufacturing Company


Vestas Wind Systems A/S


Viasystems Group, Inc.


Vickers plc


Victorinox AG


Vidrala S.A.


Viessmann Werke GmbH & Co.


ViewSonic Corporation


Viking Range Corporation


Villeroy & Boch AG


Virco Manufacturing Corporation


Viscofan S.A.


Viskase Companies, Inc.


Vita Plus Corporation


Vitro Corporativo S.A. de C.V.


Vorwerk & Co.


Vosper Thornycroft Holding plc


Vossloh AG


W. H. Brady Co.


W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.


W.A. Whitney Company


W.C. Bradley Co.


W.L. Gore & Associates, Inc.


W.W. Grainger, Inc.


WD-40 Company


WMS Industries, Inc.


Wabash National Corp.


Wabtec Corporation


Walbro Corporation


Walter Industries, Inc.


Washington Scientific Industries, Inc.


Wassall Plc


Waterford Wedgwood plc


Waters Corporation


Watts Industries, Inc.


Watts of Lydney Group Ltd.


Weber-Stephen Products Co.


Weeres Industries Corporation


Weg S.A.


Welbilt Corp.


Weru Aktiengesellschaft


West Bend Co.


Westell Technologies, Inc.


Westerbeke Corporation


Western Digital Corp.


Wheaton Science Products


Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation


Whirlpool Corporation


White Consolidated Industries Inc.


Wilbert, Inc.


Wilkinson Sword Ltd.


William L. Bonnell Company, Inc.


William Zinsser & Company, Inc.


Wilson Sporting Goods Company


Wincor Nixdorf Holding GmbH


Windmere Corporation


Winegard Company


WinsLoew Furniture, Inc.


Wolverine Tube Inc.


Wood-Mode, Inc.


Woodcraft Industries Inc.


Woodward Governor Co.


Woodward Governor Company


Wright Medical Group, Inc.


Wyant Corporation


Wyman-Gordon Company


Wynn's International, Inc.


Württembergische Metallwarenfabrik AG (WMF)


X-Rite, Inc.


Xerox Corporation


Yamaha Corporation


York International Corp.


Young Innovations, Inc.


Zebra Technologies Corporation


Zero Corporation


ZiLOG, Inc.


Zindart Ltd.


Zippo Manufacturing Company


Zodiac S.A.


Zygo Corporation


bioMérieux S.A.


geobra Brandstätter GmbH & Co. KG


voestalpine AG













 












Walter R. Uihlein, Acushnet Company President & CEO - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Walter R. Uihlein
President & CEO, Acushnet Company

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Walter R. Uihlein at Acushnet Company. Walter R. Uihlein works as President & CEO , acting in a Executive Management role .  Acushnet Company is a leader in Sporting Goods .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News

07/27/2017:


Bob Vokey Inducted into Canadian Golf Hall of Fame

..... I have always been surrounded by passionate, hardworking people who love the game as much as I do. I sincerely appreciate the opportunity Wally Uihlein (President and CEO, Acushnet Company) and Titleist gave me, and this honor is a reflection on him, as well as everybody else who has allowed me to live out my passion during all my years in golf.” Uihlein introduced Vokey at the induction ceremony. .....

People In This Article:
Walter R. Uihlein
 

07/05/2017:


Four South Asians Among Highest-Paid Executives in Massachusetts

..... Of the 100 highest paid executives of Massachusetts-based public companies in 2016, Nawana ranked #21 with a total compensation of $11.14 million; Canekeratne ranked #58 with $4.42 million; Yogesh Gupta ranked #71 with $3.63 million; and Singhal ranked #92 with $3 million.
The top five highest paid executives were: Martin Rope, CEO, Boston Beer Company, $23.39 million; Jeffrey Immelt, Chairman and CEO, General Electric Corp.; Thomas Kennedy, Chairman and CEO, Raytheon Co., $20.46 million; Walter Uihlein, President and CEO, Acushnet Holdings, $19.54 million; and Michael Minogue, chairman, president and CEO, Abiomed Inc., $19.02 million, according to Boston Business Journal......

People In This Article:
Walter R. Uihlein
 






Learn more about Walter R. Uihlein  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Walter R. Uihlein and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved































Wally R. Uihlein - Biography

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Business Leaders  >  Business Leaders Biography


Business Leaders




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectors HomeAll newsMost read newsBusiness Leaders Biography


 
















Wally R. Uihlein

Public asset : 10,861,765 USDLinked companies :  Acushnet Holdings Corp 





Summary 



Mr. Walter R. Uihlein is President & Chief Executive Officer at Acushnet Holdings Corp. and Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Acushnet Co.



Current positions of Wally R. Uihlein 









 NameTitle
Since
 Acushnet Holdings Corp(Recreational Products)
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
1976The Acushnet Co.
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
1984



Holdings of Wally R. Uihlein 










 NameEquities%Valuation

 Acushnet Holdings Corp (GOLF) Recreational Products 547,4680.74%10,861,765 USD



Wally R. Uihlein: Personal Network 







 NameLinked companies

Jennifer Estabrook Acushnet Holdings CorpThe Acushnet Co. 

Joseph J. Nauman Acushnet Holdings CorpThe Acushnet Co. 

Yoon-Soo Yoon Acushnet Holdings CorpThe Acushnet Co. 

William Burke Acushnet Holdings CorpThe Acushnet Co. 

Christopher T. Metz Acushnet Holdings Corp 

Steven H. Tishman Acushnet Holdings Corp 

Norman Wesley Acushnet Holdings Corp 

Sean S. Sullivan Acushnet Holdings Corp 

Greg Hewett Acushnet Holdings Corp 

David P. Valcourt Acushnet Holdings Corp 




Most Read News 




07/27 LI KA-SHING : Li Ka-shing's CKI to buy German energy metering firm Ista



07/26DJBERNARD ARNAULT : LVMH's Profit Rises 24% in First Half



07/27 RUPERT MURDOCH : As Murdoch waits, Sky cuts operating costs to protect profits



07/26DJMEG WHITMAN : Meg Whitman Steps Down From HP Board



07/28DJNELSON PELTZ : Procter & Gamble, Peltz Spar on Results -- WSJ



07/28 CARLOS SLIM : Hutchison's Drei buys Tele2 to rival Carlos Slim in Austria



07/26DJDAVID SIMON : Executive Pay Falls for Big Mall Owners as Retail Storm Rages On



07/27DJJEFF BEZOS : Amazon's Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person



07/28DJELON MUSK : Top Company News of the Day



07/22DJWILBUR ROSS : More Cross-Border Commerce



More news

 


            © 2017 People and Ownership :    









Advertisement








Wally R. Uihlein : Connections 



 Acushnet Holdings Corp









Jennifer EstabrookJoseph J. NaumanYoon-Soo YoonWilliam BurkeChristopher T. MetzSteven H. TishmanNorman WesleySean S. SullivanGreg HewettDavid P. Valcourt




 Arctic Cat Inc









Christopher T. Metz




 Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc









Norman Wesley




 Acuity Brands, Inc.









Norman Wesley




 AMC Networks Inc









Sean S. Sullivan




 Fila Korea Ltd









Yoon-Soo Yoon




Rainbow Media Holdings LLC
                                            








Sean S. Sullivan





Fila Luxembourg SARL
                                            








Jennifer Estabrook





Fila Online, Inc.
                                            








Yoon-Soo Yoon





Fila USA, Inc.
                                            








Yoon-Soo Yoon





GH Consulting LLC
                                            








Greg Hewett





Fila Sport Hong Kong Ltd.
                                            








Yoon-Soo Yoon





Goodhaven Funds Trust
                                            








Steven H. Tishman





Alexandria Holdings Corp.
                                            








Yoon-Soo Yoon





Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                            








Yoon-Soo Yoon





Junior Achievement of Chicago
                                            








Norman Wesley





GLBH Holdings SARL
                                            








Yoon-Soo Yoon





The Acushnet Co.
                                            








Jennifer EstabrookJoseph J. Nauman





BacterioScan, Inc.
                                            








Greg Hewett





AccuDial, Inc.
                                            








Christopher T. Metz





 







Popular Business Leaders 


 

Bernard Arnault
Mary Barra
Luc Besson
Jeff Bezos
Lloyd Blankfein
Michael Bloomberg
Yannick Bolloré
Warren Buffett
Jean-paul Clozel
Gary Cohn
Marc De Lacharrière
Jamie Dimon
Ralph Dommermuth
Sebastian Ebel
John Edwards
David Einhorn
Jeff Fettig
Mark Fields
Carlos Ghosn
David Henry
Carl Icahn
Li Ka-shing
Michel Landel
Daniel Loeb
Jack Ma
Lakshmi Mittal
Rupert Murdoch
Elon Musk
Peter Nicholas
Xavier Niel
John Paulson
Nelson Peltz
Georges Plassat
Hasso Plattner
Thomas Rabe
Giuseppe Recchi
Wolfgang Reitzle
Wilbur Ross
Charles Schwab
Igor Sechin
Carlos Slim
Pascal Soriot
George Soros
Rupert Stadler
Bernard Tapie
John Williamson
Thomas Wilson
Dieter Zetsche
Mark Zuckerberg



A-Z Business Leaders




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Walter R Uihlein in Mattapoisett, MA 02739 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Massachusetts
» Mattapoisett
» Professional Services
» Walter R Uihlein













Walter R Uihlein


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





2 Pine Ridge Dr  Mattapoisett, Massachusetts 02739


(508) 758-7886


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Walter R Uihlein is located at the address 2 Pine Ridge Dr in Mattapoisett, Massachusetts 02739.  They can be contacted via phone at (508) 758-7886 for pricing, hours and directions.  Walter R Uihlein has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For maps and directions to Walter R Uihlein view the map to the right.  For reviews of Walter R Uihlein see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (508) 758-7886
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 180000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Professional Services



People Also Viewed


Benefits Go Live Inc


26 Meadowbrook Ln  Mattapoisett, Massachusetts 02739




Jack Mcgraw


15 Prospect Rd  Mattapoisett, Massachusetts 02739




Kenneth Yokel Carpent


94 Fairhaven Rd  Mattapoisett, Massachusetts 02739




Buyerss Prof Re Svcs Inc


149 Brandt Island Rd  Mattapoisett, Massachusetts 02739





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM
















Walter R Uihlein, (508) 758-4358, 2 Pine Ridge Dr, Mattapoisett, MA | Nuwber















 Walter R Uihlein            


                                            Age 65—70                                    






Phone



                        (508) 758-4358                    



                        5087584358 is a Landline number registered with Verizon Communications in MA                    







Address



                                                                            2                                                                        Pine Ridge Dr





Mattapoisett,
                                                
MA





02739-1664







Relatives & Associated



                            Tina M Uihlein                        







 See more results for Uihlein

in Mattapoisett, MA (2)
in Massachusetts (2)







            2 Pine Ridge Dr,
            Mattapoisett, MA






                    Home Type:
                                            Single Family Dwelling Unit




                    Build year:
                                            –
                                    








Show map 


























 Direction
 Street View
 Aerial View
 Birds Eye







×
Route












×
StreetView












×
Aerial View












×
Birds Eye






 

Neighbors for Walter Uihlein




John P Gorczyca Jr.
3 Pine Ridge Dr




Anne M Gorczyca
3 Pine Ridge Dr




Pearl A Gorczyca
3 Pine Ridge Dr




Michael Falvey
5 Pine Ridge Dr




Allen E Uchman
6 Pine Ridge Dr




Carolyn Uchman
6 Pine Ridge Dr




Lonny Higgins
7 Pine Ridge Dr




Jim Faughnan
8 Pine Ridge Dr




Mary Faughnan
8 Pine Ridge Dr




Thomas A Ferraro
9 Pine Ridge Dr




Michael Hiller
13 Pine Ridge Dr




Darlene Pasquill
13 Pine Ridge Dr




Anthony C Pappas
14 Pine Ridge Dr




Elizabeth W Pappas
14 Pine Ridge Dr




Susan J Killian
16 Pine Ridge Dr




            See all neighbors on the Pine Ridge Dr, Mattapoisett, MA





























