

	ALTA PAMPA Trademark of Ujobai, Joseph P.. Serial Number: 85859294 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Fabrics
ALTA PAMPA










 
Get FREE email alerts













ALTA PAMPA  Trademark Information
 Ujobai, Joseph P.
Fabrics for textile use




Perfect for these industries

Fabrics





Words that describe this mark
fabrics   textile   use    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ALTA PAMPA trademark by Ujobai, Joseph P. 
                                in Philadelphia, PA, 19103.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ALTA PAMPA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Ujobai, Joseph P. of the ALTA PAMPA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ALTA PAMPA trademark.
                           






On Monday, February 25, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ALTA PAMPA by 
                        Ujobai, Joseph P., Philadelphia, PA  19103.
                        The USPTO has given the ALTA PAMPA 
                        trademark serial  number of  85859294.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for ALTA PAMPA is 
                        
                        
                                            UJOBAI, JOSEPH P. of 
                                            1938 DELANCEY PL,  PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103-6612,  
                                .
                            The ALTA PAMPA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Fabrics
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ALTA PAMPA 
                            is Fabrics for textile use. 
                            





Word mark:
 ALTA PAMPA


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

1/8/2014






  Serial Number:  
85859294


  Filing Date:  
2/25/2013


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Fabrics for textile use


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Ujobai, Joseph P.Philadelphia, PA  19103
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


UJOBAI, JOSEPH P.
1938 DELANCEY PL
PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103-6612







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (024) - Textiles and textile goods, not included in other classes; beds and table covers. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/2012





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ALTA PAMPA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/8/2014
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



UJOBAI, JOSEPH P.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ALTA PAMPA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search altapampa on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ALTA PAMPA 




ALTA PAMPA is providing Fabrics for textile use.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Joseph P. Ujobai | FS Investment Corporation





























































Franklin Square Capital Partners



Expand Menu


 

Search FS Investment CorporationSearch



















 Board of Directors
FS Investment Corporation










 Board of Directors
FS Investment Corporation










 Board of Directors









FSIC Board of Directors


FSIC Management Team


GSO / Blackstone


FSIC Board of Directors











	Joseph P. Ujobai



Joseph P. Ujobai
Director
Executive Vice President, SEI Investments Company
Joseph P. Ujobai is an Executive Vice President of SEI Investments Company (“SEI”) and also Managing Director of SEI Investments (Europe)
Limited based in London. He is responsible for the development of SEI’s worldwide private banks and distribution business.
Prior to this, Mr. Ujobai had overall responsibility for the start up of SEI’s business outside of the United States. From May 1996 to January 1999, he was the Managing Director of SEI Investments, Latin America, based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Before these international assignments Mr. Ujobai worked in SEI’s Global Wealth Platform, managing large institutional relationships. Mr. Ujobai has also worked as Senior Vice President of Global Distribution for Kidder Peabody Asset Management and as Senior Relationship Manager at the IBM Corporation.
Mr. Ujobai is a graduate of Drexel University.





















 © 2016 FS Investment Corporation




















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.













Joseph P. Ujobai - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Joseph P. Ujobai
Executive Vice President, Private Banks at SEI Investments Co.


View Full Profile
Are you Joseph P. Ujobai? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph P. Ujobai's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph P. Ujobai's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph P. Ujobai's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph P. Ujobai through your network of contacts.
												








Joseph P. Ujobai's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President, Private Banks, 
SEI Investments Co.


Past
To view Joseph P. Ujobai's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Joseph P. Ujobai's Biography



Mr. Ujobai has served as the executive vice president of SEI Investments Company ("SEI") since May 2003 and is also the chief executive officer and managing director of SEI Investments (Europe) Limited based in London. He is responsible for the development of SEI's worldwide private banks and distribution business. Prior to this, Mr. Ujobai had overall responsibility for the startup of SEI's business outside of the United States. From May 1996 to January 1999, he was the Managing Director of SEI Investments, Latin America, based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Before these international assignments Mr. Ujobai worked in SEI's Global Wealth Platfor ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Ujobai has served as the executive vice president of SEI Investments Company ("SEI") since May 2003 and is also the chief executive officer and managing director of SEI Investments (Europe) Limited based in London. He is responsible for the development of SEI's worldwide private banks and distribution business. Prior to this, Mr. Ujobai had overall responsibility for the startup of SEI's business outside of the United States. From May 1996 to January 1999, he was the Managing Director of SEI Investments, Latin America, based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Before these international assignments Mr. Ujobai worked in SEI's Global Wealth Platform, managing large institutional relationships. Mr. Ujobai has also worked as Senior Vice President of Global Distribution for Kidder Peabody Asset Management and as Senior Relationship Manager at the IBM Corporation. Mr. Ujobai holds a B.A. in Business Administration from Drexel University.

 

Mr. Ujobai's extensive experience with investment and financial services companies has provided him, in the opinion of the Board, with experience and insight which is beneficial to the Company.
		
Source: FS Investment Corporation on 02/27/2014
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph P. Ujobai's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Joseph P. Ujobai. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph P. Ujobai's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph P. Ujobai's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph P. Ujobai through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Joseph P. Ujobai


















Joseph P. Ujobai's Connections (38)





Sign up now to view Joseph P. Ujobai's 38 connections »









Robert F. Crudup
Executive Vice President, SEI Investments Co.









Alfred P. West
Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, SEI Investments Co.









Wayne M. Withrow
Executive Vice President, Investment Advisors, SEI Investments Co.









Edward D. Loughlin
Former Board Member, SEI Investments Co.









Dennis J. McGonigle
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, SEI Investments Co.









Kevin P. Barr
Executive Vice President, Investment Management, SEI Investments Co.









Stephen G. Meyer
Executive Vice President, Investment Managers, SEI Investments Co.









N. Jeffrey Klauder
Executive Vice President and General Counsel, SEI Investments Co.









Pedro A. Ramos
Board Member, AmeriGas Partners, L.P.









Thomas W. Smith
Former Board Member, Copart, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













﻿






























Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on SEI Investments Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SEIC) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for SEI Investments Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor SEI Investments Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

WESCO International, Inc. (NYSE:WCC) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
DZ Bank AG Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Prosiebensat 1 Media SE (ETR:PSM)
KB Home (KBH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC
Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) Shares Sold by Madrona Financial Services LLC
State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $305,000 Position in Lindsay Corporation (LNN)
First Trust Advisors LP Cuts Position in KMG Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:KMG)
Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $874,000 Position in Belmond Ltd. (BEL)
Wells Fargo & Company MN Buys 1,566 Shares of MAMMOOTH ENERGY (TUSK)
3M Company (MMM) Shares Bought by Smithfield Trust Co.
Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Novartis AG (NOVN) a CHF 88 Price Target
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSEMKT:NBY) Upgraded at ValuEngine
Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) Shares Sold by Nationwide Fund Advisors
Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Stake Increased by OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd.
Gotham Asset Management LLC Acquires New Stake in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (NYSE:MKC)
Achmea Investment Management B.V. Acquires Shares of 12,794 Envision Healthcare Corporation (EVHC)
Deutsche Post AG (FRA:DPW) Given a €32.50 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein
Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Covestro AG (ETR:1COV) a €90.00 Price Target
STADA Arzneimittel AG (ETR:SAZ) Given a €50.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH
Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (AMS:AD) Given a €21.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley
Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky







Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on SEI Investments Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SEIC)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 15th, 2017 // No Comments





SEI Investments Company (NASDAQ:SEIC) – Investment analysts at  Oppenheimer Holdings upped their Q2 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for SEI Investments Company  in a report issued on  Monday. Oppenheimer Holdings analyst G. Greene now anticipates that the asset manager will earn $0.55 per share for the quarter, up from their prior forecast of $0.54. Oppenheimer Holdings  has a “Outperform” rating and a $60.00 price target on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings also issued estimates for SEI Investments Company’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.59 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.61 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $2.29 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.70 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $2.66 EPS. 


 Get SEI Investments Company alerts:



A number of other analysts have also commented on the stock. BidaskClub raised shares of SEI Investments Company from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of SEI Investments Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $61.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday. Mizuho began coverage on shares of SEI Investments Company in a report on Tuesday, June 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $60.00 target price for the company. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $54.00 target price on shares of SEI Investments Company in a report on Friday, June 23rd. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc.  reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of SEI Investments Company in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $58.75.





ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/15/oppenheimer-holdings-comments-on-sei-investments-companys-q2-2017-earnings-seic.html. 
Shares of SEI Investments Company (NASDAQ SEIC) opened at 55.82 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $8.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.45 and a beta of 1.33. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $51.86 and its 200 day moving average price is $50.82. SEI Investments Company has a 1-year low of $42.12 and a 1-year high of $55.93. 
SEI Investments Company (NASDAQ:SEIC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 19th. The asset manager reported $0.55 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.52 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $359.98 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $362.65 million. SEI Investments Company had a return on equity of 26.20% and a net margin of 24.18%. The company’s revenue was up 7.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.46 EPS. 
The firm also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 16th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 7th were issued a dividend of $0.28 per share. This represents a yield of 1.11%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Monday, June 5th. SEI Investments Company’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 26.42%. 
In other SEI Investments Company news, insider Paul Klauder sold 7,500 shares of SEI Investments Company stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $53.56, for a total transaction of $401,700.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 21,629 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,158,449.24. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Joseph P. Ujobai sold 25,000 shares of SEI Investments Company stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.70, for a total transaction of $1,342,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 37,540 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,015,898. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 357,500 shares of company stock valued at $18,403,277 in the last ninety days. Company insiders own  17.10% of the company’s stock. 
Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of  SEI Investments Company by 32.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 320,687 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $16,176,000 after buying an additional 78,158 shares during the period.  Suntrust Banks Inc. raised its position in shares of  SEI Investments Company by 1.1% in the first quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 8,061 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $405,000 after buying an additional 88 shares during the period.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of  SEI Investments Company by 107.7% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 685,000 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $33,811,000 after buying an additional 355,130 shares during the period.  Renaissance Technologies LLC purchased a new position in shares of  SEI Investments Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,933,000.  Finally, Gulf International Bank UK Ltd raised its position in shares of  SEI Investments Company by 1.2% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 42,651 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $2,151,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. 69.44% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
About SEI Investments Company
SEI Investments Company provides investment processing, investment management and investment operations solutions. The Company provides its solutions to financial institutions, financial advisors, institutional investors, investment managers and ultra-high-net-worth families in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, continental Europe and various other locations around the world. 







Receive News & Ratings for SEI Investments Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEI Investments Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































   Joseph Ujobai | SEI Investments Company | ZoomInfo.com
Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            







Joseph S Ujobai - Exton, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Joseph S Ujobai in Exton, PA


Joseph S Ujobai

                                                                           Intelius found that Joseph S Ujobai  is  a male between 80 and 90 years old from Exton, PA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Joseph P Ujobai
Joe  Ujobai


Get Report Now

Age

Joseph S Ujobai is in his 80s

Joseph Has Lived In

Exton, PA
New York, NY
Philadelphia, PA

Joseph's Relatives

Jill Shull







Joseph S Ujobai



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at SEI Investments Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Joseph? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Joseph, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Joseph S Ujobai
Get a Criminal Check on Joseph S Ujobai
Get a Public Record Report on Joseph S Ujobai
Get a People Search Report on Joseph S Ujobai


Joseph S Ujobai's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Joseph S Ujobai has lived as well as Joseph S Ujobai's phone numbers and email addresses.




Joseph S Ujobai Has Lived in 2 States
Pennsylvania Address for Joseph S Ujobai


32 C******* L* 

Exton, PA


Has Lived In

Exton, PA
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Joseph S Ujobai

(610) ***-**** - Exton, PA 
(610) ***-**** - Oaks, PA 
() ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Joseph S Ujobai

j********i@***.com
j*********i@***.com
u****i@***.com


Get Email Report




Joseph S Ujobai's Professional Information
Information regarding Joseph S Ujobai's professional history.  Find out previous places Joseph S Ujobai has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph S Ujobai Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: SEI Investments Company
               Title: Vice President
Company: SEI Investments Company
               Title: Executive Vice President; Managing Director, Sei Investments (europe) Limited
Joseph S Ujobai's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: SEI Investments Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Title: Executive Vice President; Managing Director, Sei Investments (europe) Limited
               Company: SEI Investments Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Joseph S Ujobai

 See Joseph S Ujobai's LinkedIn Profile



Joseph S Ujobai's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Joseph S Ujobai


Joseph S Ujobai's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Joseph S Ujobai's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Joseph Ujobai
Username Matches

                  JosephUjobai
                  UjobaiJoseph
                  Joseph.Ujobai
                  Ujobai.Joseph
                  Joseph_Ujobai
                  Ujobai_Joseph
                  Joseph-Ujobai
                  Ujobai-Joseph
                  JUjobai
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Ujobai







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Joseph Ujobai |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Joseph Ujobai Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Joseph Ujobai
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    JOSEPH P. UJOBAI, 50, has been an employee of the Company since May 1998. Mr. Ujobai has been an Executive Vice President since May 2003 and a Senior Vice... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2001


SEI Investments Company

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

 









LOONY JUAN DOESN’T WANT BORDER PATROL AGENTS DOING THEIR JOB - YouTube 


 
  
















































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    LOONY JUAN DOESN’T WANT BORDER PATROL AGENTS DOING THEIR JOB
  



 










Klay Network













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Klay Network?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript



Add translations

1,103 views







37

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



38


3

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



4











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Jul 17, 2017THE FIVEJUAN WILLIAMS DOESN’T WANT BORDER PATROL AGENTS TO DO THEIR JOBBORDER PATROL UNION PRESIDENT SAYS AGENTS ARE ENERGIZED AND EXITED UNDER PRESIDENT TRUMPMONDAYJULY 17 20177/17/17.THE FIVE HEATED DEBATE.................:Subscribe and share your login with 20 friends:http://www.prisonplanet.tv http://www.InfowarsNews.com.......Visit http://www.InfowarsLife.com to get the products Alex Jones and his family trust, while supporting the growth of our expanding media operation.....................[http://bit.ly/2dhnhbS] Biome Defense™[http://bit.ly/2bnEj91] Bio-True Selenium™[http://bit.ly/1WYw8jp] Vitamin Mineral Fusion™[http://bit.ly/1QYBNBv] Joint Formula™[http://bit.ly/1nNuR3r] Anthroplex™[http://bit.ly/1ljfWfJ] Living Defense™[http://bit.ly/1Iobcj2] Deep Cleanse™[http://bit.ly/1DsyQ6i] Knockout™[http://bit.ly/1Kr1yfz] Brain Force™[http://bit.ly/1R5gsqk] Liver Shield™[http://bit.ly/1cOwQix] ProstaGuard™[http://bit.ly/1mnchEz3] Child Ease™[http://bit.ly/1xs9F6t] WinterSunD3™[http://bit.ly/1L3gDSO] Ancient Defense™[http://bit.ly/1EHbA6E] Secret-12™[http://bit.ly/1txsOge] Oxy Powder™[http://bit.ly/1s6cphV] Occu Power™[http://bit.ly/1rGOLsG] DNA Force™ [http://bit.ly/1nIngBb] X2 Survival Shield™.[http://bit.ly/1kaXxKL] Super Female Vitality™[http://bit.ly/1mhAKCO] Lung Cleanse™[http://bit.ly/1mGbikx] Silver-Bullet - Colloidal Silver™[http://bit.ly/1xcoUfo] Super Male Vitality™ [http://bit.ly/1z5BCP9] Survival Shield - Nascent Iodine™ [http://bit.ly/1o4sQtc] Patriot Blend 100% Organic Coffee™ [http://bit.ly/1iVL6HB] Immune Support 100% Organic Coffee™ All available at - http://www.infowarsshop.com/INFOWARS HEALTH - START GETTING HEALTHY BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE - http://www.infowarshealth.com/Newsletter Sign up / Infowars Underground Insider : http://www.infowars.com/newsletterHelp us spread the word about the liberty movement, we're reaching millions help us reach millions more. Share the free live video feed link with your friends & family: http://www.infowars.com/showFollow Alex on TWITTER - https://twitter.com/RealAlexJonesLike Alex on FACEBOOK -https://www.facebook.com/AlexanderEme...Infowars on G+ - https://plus.google.com/+infowars/:Web:http://www.infowars.com/http://www.prisonplanet.com/http://www.infowars.net/:Subscribe and share your login with 20 friends:http://www.prisonplanet.tv http://www.InfowarsNews.com....................Visit http://www.InfowarsLife.co.......[http://bit.ly/1Iobcj2] Deep Cleanse™[http://bit.ly/1DsyQ6i] Knockout™[http://bit.ly/1Kr1yfz] Brain Force™...........[http://bit.ly/1s6cphV] Occu Power™[http://bit.ly/1rGOLsG] DNA Force™ [http://bit.ly/1nIngBb] X2 Survival Shield™[http://bit.ly/1kaXxKL] Super Female Vitality™[http://bit.ly/1mhAKCO] Lung CleansBEFORE YOU SUBSCRIBE HERE IS SOME OF WHAT YOU WILL FIND ON THIS CHANNEL: breaking news about president donald trump, trump speech, infowars, paul joseph watson, steven crowder, sean hannity radio show, ann coulter, laura loomer, tomi lahren, dave rubin, mark dice, roger stone, joe rogan, jordan peterson, Stefan Molyneuxrush, limbaugh podcast, mike cernovich periscope live stream, nightly news, gavin mccinnes, best of videos, compilation of great videos, fox and friends, kat tempt, lisa boothe, laura in graham, lauren southern, scott adams, cnn memes, funny memes, reaction reacts to latest news, the alex jones show full today, the five tonight, the greg gutfeld show, watters world, jesse, fox news live, justice with judge jeanine pirro, milo yiannopoulos, ben shapiro vs sow, fox news hd, sean hannity full episode, tucker carlson tonight full show, dank memes, trump vs cnn, volume, best of trump memes, lou hobbs yesterday, INFOWARS LIVE, tucker lastnight, trump’s rally coverage, melania, ivanka, eric,  WHAT TRUMP JUST DID TO CNN WILL END THEM FOREVER , white house updates. please subscribe!DON JR FULL INTERVIEW ON HANNITY IS ON THIS CHANNEL CHECK IT OUT!DONALD TRUMP JRDON JAMES COMEY 



      Category
    

News & Politics




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    












Advertisement
      








Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    REFUGEES ARE TAKING DUMPS ON THE STREET IN PENNSYLVANIA TOWN
  

     - Duration: 6:37.
  
Klay Network
12,561 viewsNew



6:37














    ALEX JONES SHOW 🔴 LIVE STREAM
  


Klay Network
132 watchingLive now









    Steve Quayle – Elite Will Tell World Biggest Lie of All
  

     - Duration: 43:23.
  
Greg Hunter
36,468 viewsNew



43:23





    Trump Protesters To Get Paid $15K A Month
  

     - Duration: 7:41.
  
Klay Network
201 viewsNew



7:41





    CNN: MARSHA BLACKBURN: WHAT SHE SAID MADE CNN CUT HER OUT!
  

     - Duration: 8:02.
  
CYBOPOD
142,462 viewsNew



8:02





    REPUBLICAN PARTY COULD COLLAPSE
  

     - Duration: 11:42.
  
Klay Network
405 viewsNew



11:42





    WHY ELITES DON’T UNDERSTAND THE WORKING CLASS
  

     - Duration: 4:57.
  
Klay Network
209 viewsNew



4:57





    Tucker Carlson Doesn't Think Gypsies Belong In America
  

     - Duration: 6:29.
  
Very Dicey
32,240 viewsNew



6:29





    GINGRICH ON SCARAMUCCI: TRUMP LIKES AND TRUSTS HIM, CHEMISTRY WILL BE VERY, VERY GOOD
  

     - Duration: 6:32.
  
Klay Network
1,294 viewsNew



6:32





    RAND PAUL: "JUST 'PASS IT PASS IT PASS IT' IS NOT A STRATEGY"
  

     - Duration: 8:31.
  
Klay Network
431 viewsNew



8:31





    CNN Anchor Left Completely Speechless After Hearing Reality!
  

     - Duration: 13:33.
  
KGP TV
797,893 views



13:33





    Journalist Who Penetrated North Korean Nightmare Tells All
  

     - Duration: 27:07.
  
The Alex Jones Channel
50,996 views



27:07





    PAT BUCHANAN ON MUELLER'S MISSION CREEP & MSM BIAS | HANNITY
  

     - Duration: 6:36.
  
Klay Network
2,719 viewsNew



6:36





    TRUMP PROTESTERS DON’T KNOW WHY THEY’RE PROTESTING
  

     - Duration: 3:47.
  
Klay Network
620 viewsNew



3:47





    Border Patrol arrest family during traffic stop in Geneseo, New York
  

     - Duration: 10:42.
  
WSWS
61,277 views



10:42





    Border Patrol- The Good, The Bad and The Ugly (Full Compilation)
  

     - Duration: 28:30.
  
kytekutter
38,447 views



28:30





    TUCKER vs SATANIST | TUCKER CARLSON TONIGHT
  

     - Duration: 6:21.
  
Klay Network
19,496 viewsNew



6:21





    'IT'S A FELONY IF DON JR RECEIVED INFO' - JUDGE NAPOLITANO
  

     - Duration: 4:29.
  
Klay Network
30,333 viewsNew



4:29





    US Border Patrol Open Up About The Problem America Is Facing
  

     - Duration: 5:51.
  
#FreeThought
11,389 viewsNew



5:51





    THE FIVE - WILL OJ SIMPSON GET PAROLED?
  

     - Duration: 10:42.
  
Klay Network
2,200 viewsNew



10:42




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 

YouTube 




 






 








 

 





 








Sign in

About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube


Terms
Privacy
Policy & Safety
Test new features




© 2017 YouTube, LLC












Josef Seibel Sunflower at Zappos.com


















































Customer Service


Live Chat


FAQs


Contact Info


Shipping and Returns


Secure Shopping


Give us Feedback



Available 24/7 at (800) 927-7671





Join Zappos Rewards:
3X Points + Expedited Shipping!*













Search



My Cart




Sign In / Register




My Account



Welcome back!
Account Overview
Favorites
Rewards
Sign Out
















« Back
|
 Shoes
› Sandals
› Josef Seibel











 



Images
Video
Information




 





Josef Seibel

Sunflower










91
Reviews







5 stars

77%


4 stars

11%


3 stars

9%


2 stars

2%


1 star

1%







 


 













































Video











View the size chart

View Zappos.com Glossary of Terms
Find something wrong in this description? Help us fix it! Report An Error



Description

Please click here for the Josef Seibel footwear size guide.
Spring is here! Get out and enjoy the flowers in bloom with the Sunflower mary jane by Josef Seibel®.
Rich leather upper with stylish stitch accents and criss-crossing mary jane instep straps.
Mary jane straps feature a buckle closure and side goring for a truly custom and secure fit.
All-leather interior helps promote optimal breathability while wicking moisture away from feet.
Durable, floral-inspired polyurethane outsole adsorbs shock and provides amazing flexibility.
Measurements:

 Heel Height: 1 in
 Weight: 7 oz


Product measurements were taken using size 39 (US Women's 8-8.5), width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size.




This item is currently unavailable, but here are some similar products

No Similar Items Available
We can't currently find any similar items for the Sunflower by Josef Seibel. Sorry!








Fit Survey:

76% Felt true to size




8%
Full size too large



11%
Half size too Large



76%
True to size



4%
Half size too small



0%
Full size too small





86% Felt true to width




 86%
Felt true to width



2%
Felt narrower than marked



11%
Felt wider than marked





66% Moderate arch support




19%
Excellent arch support



66%
Moderate arch support



15%
No arch support








Item Information


 View the size chart



Please click here for the Josef Seibel footwear size guide.
Spring is here! Get out and enjoy the flowers in bloom with the Sunflower mary jane by Josef Seibel®.
Rich leather upper with stylish stitch accents and criss-crossing mary jane instep straps.
Mary jane straps feature a buckle closure and side goring for a truly custom and secure fit.
All-leather interior helps promote optimal breathability while wicking moisture away from feet.
Durable, floral-inspired polyurethane outsole adsorbs shock and provides amazing flexibility.
Measurements:

 Heel Height: 1 in
 Weight: 7 oz


Product measurements were taken using size 39 (US Women's 8-8.5), width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size.


View Zappos.com Glossary of Terms
Find something wrong in this description? Help us fix it! Report An Error

Show More Information »
« Show Less Information








Customer Reviews

Josef Seibel
Sunflower


Average rating is 5 out of 5 from a total of 91 reviews.


Top Positive Review
5 people found this review helpful.


Overall



Comfort



Style



I needed closed toe shoe, but wanted look of sandal and this fit the bill. Very comfortable, as well as cute. I expect to get a lot of wear out of them! 
Read more »
« Show less
May 13, 2011 by Ruth B

vs

Top Critical Review
3 people found this review helpful.


Overall



Comfort



Style



There is no arch support, which is surprising considering this is supposed to be a European comfort shoe. Too bad.
Read more »
« Show less
March 16, 2011 by Lillian F




Sunflower


Write a Review


Sort by:
Most Helpful
Newest






5 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:5 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




I needed closed toe shoe, but wanted look of sandal and this fit the bill. Very comfortable, as well as cute. I expect to get a lot of wear out of them! 


Fit Survey

Runs Small
Runs Large
Felt true to size


Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Felt true to width


Poor Support
Great Support
Moderate arch support










Ruth B - customer
from Albuquerque, NM
May 13, 2011






4 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:5 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




This is a wonderful shoe. Both comfortable and stylish. I ordered it in black and the funky red color (more coral colored). I would have bought it in brown, but didn't have that color. So comfortable and is lined with leather, which I always like in a shoe. 
I'd also recommend:  Merrell, Pikolinos, Clarks, Timberland


Fit Survey

Runs Small
Runs Large
Felt true to size


Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Felt true to width


Poor Support
Great Support
Moderate arch support










Tahmra R - customer
from Centerton, AR
July 21, 2011






3 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:3 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




Great shoes but, sadly, the top edge nearest my big toe is not high enough and hurts the bunion.


Fit Survey

Runs Small
Runs Large
Felt true to size


Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Felt true to width


Poor Support
Great Support
Moderate arch support










Anonymous - customer
from Exit 109 
May 31, 2011






3 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:5 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




Very comfortable shoe (so far, I have only worn it around the house). I have very sensitive feet and have a lot of difficulty finding shoes that I can tolerate. These felt good on my foot right out of the box. Leather is soft and the added elastic on the straps keeps them from binding. Leather on the heel is very soft and comfortable. I think they are very cute on. I'll be able to dress these up or down. Happy to find a comfortable shoe at last!


Fit Survey

Runs Small
Runs Large
Felt true to size


Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Felt true to width


Poor Support
Great Support
Moderate arch support










Anonymous - customer
from Oregon
May 11, 2011






3 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:5 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




The second you slip your foot into this shoe you know it will be perfect. Extremely comfortable, feminine, not clunky, like walking on a pillow.
If you are a half size, go up to the next size. I am a 9 1/2, ordered a 10, was perfect.

I'd also recommend:  Steve Madden









Anonymous - customer
from Delaware Beaches
February 6, 2011




Read Additional 86 Customer Reviews
Write a Review








 





 




$125.00

Ships Free!









Bark





Size: 37 (US Women's 6-6.5)



Width: M


Don't see your size?




Add to Cart


Add to Favorites


Notify Me of New Styles

Share:







Tweet




Pin It



Email





















 SKU 7755897






A SHIBBITY BOO! Lucky shopper! You've discovered the PERSONAL SHOPPING WIZARD. HUHUHUHU! I know JUST the things for you!

Need Help?

 Have size or selection questions? We can help!
Begin Live Chat

Close










Shop With Confidence
Shopping on Zappos.com is Safe and Secure. Guaranteed!
You'll pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping at Zappos.com.


 Safe Shopping Guarantee

BBBOnLine Reliability Seal
Bizrate 2010 Circle of Excellence Platinum

All information is encrypted and transmitted without risk using a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
 How We Protect Your Personal Data »





Free Shipping and Free Returns

If, for any reason, you are unsatisfied with your purchase from Zappos Retail, Inc. you may return it in its original condition within 365 days for a refund. We'll even pay for return shipping!
 Read our Shipping and Return Policies »













Thank You for Registering!
Now, don't miss out on the good stuff...



Yes, please subscribe me to receive promotional emails
Keep up with the latest news, brands, trends, and styles.






Yes! Sign me up for Zappos Rewards!
I agree to the terms and conditions

Earn points, cool swag, and supercharged service!



Sign Up




Explore Zappos


Brands


Clothing


Luxury


Eyewear


New Arrivals


Outdoor


Rideshop


Running


Shoes


Watches


Wedding


All Departments




Customer Service


FAQs


Contact Info


¿Ayuda en español?


Shipping And Returns


Safe Shopping Guarantee


Secure Shopping


Fit Info


Measurement Guide


Model Measurements


Size Conversion Chart


Measure Your Bra Size




About Zappos


About


Zappos for Good


Jobs


Press Kit


Tours


Customer Testimonials


Associates Program


Glossary of Terms


Site Map


Feedback

How do you like our website?
How do you like our website?






Zappos Newsletter
Subscribe to our weekly shameless plug!
Please Enter Your Name

Please Enter Your Email Address

Sign Up!



Zappos respects your privacy


Connect with Us

Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest



Zappos Stuff








Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Fur Policy
Interest-Based Ads
Mobile Version
Desktop Version

24/7 Customer Service (800) 927-7671



© 2009–2017 - Zappos.com, Inc or its affiliates, 400 E. Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89101
Zappos.com is operated by Zappos IP, Inc. Products on Zappos.com are sold by Zappos Retail, Inc.
Gift cards and e-Gift cards sold on Zappos.com are sold by Zappos Gift Cards, Inc. or ACI Gift Cards, Inc.



 
 








Read Reviews






How did you feel about this item?

Overall:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Size:

Felt full size larger
Felt half size larger
Felt true to size
Felt half size smaller
Felt full size smaller



Comfort:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Width:

Felt wider than marked
Felt true to width
Felt narrower than marked



Style:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Support:

Excellent arch support
Moderate arch support
No arch support






Let us know what you think





Tell us a little about yourself
Email address

Name (optional)

Where do you live? (optional)

What other brands would you recommend to people who like this product? (optional)



Oops! We've detected a few errors. Please fill in the highlighted areas above.

Note: By submitting a review you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old. Please visit our Review Guidelines
for full guidelines on writing reviews. All content (including text, images and videos)
becomes our sole and exclusive property pursuant to our Terms of Use. Your reviews will be processed within five days.







Thanks for writing a review!
Our team loves reading customer reviews, so they're looking forward to giving yours a look-see. It should be posted within 5 business days, so check back here to see it posted!


Read Reviews




Read Reviews






How did you feel about this item?

Overall:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Size:

Felt full size larger
Felt half size larger
Felt true to size
Felt half size smaller
Felt full size smaller



Comfort:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Width:

Felt wider than marked
Felt true to width
Felt narrower than marked



Style:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Support:

Excellent arch support
Moderate arch support
No arch support






Let us know what you think





Upload photos and videos (optional)
You can drag & drop or click below to attach up to four images and/or one video






Attach Image








Attach Image








Attach Image








Attach Image










Attach Video




Note: Images must be less than 8MB in size while your video must be an mp4 less than 200MB and one minute in length



Drop Here to Attach!
Don't Forget: Images must be less than 8MB in size while videos are less than 200MB and one minute in length





Tell us a little about yourself






Note: By submitting a review you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old. Please visit our Review Guidelines
for full guidelines on writing reviews. All content (including text, images and videos)
becomes our sole and exclusive property pursuant to our Terms of Use. Your reviews will be processed within five days.


Cancel






 Please wait while your review is being completed. Do not click back or close this browser window.


Thanks for writing a review!
Our team loves reading customer reviews, so they're looking forward to giving yours a look-see. It should be posted within 5 business days, so check back here to see it posted!

























Josef Seibel Sunflower at Zappos.com


















































Customer Service


Live Chat


FAQs


Contact Info


Shipping and Returns


Secure Shopping


Give us Feedback



Available 24/7 at (800) 927-7671





Join Zappos Rewards:
3X Points + Expedited Shipping!*













Search



My Cart




Sign In / Register




My Account



Welcome back!
Account Overview
Favorites
Rewards
Sign Out
















« Back
|
 Shoes
› Sandals
› Josef Seibel











 



Images
Video
Information




 





Josef Seibel

Sunflower










91
Reviews







5 stars

77%


4 stars

11%


3 stars

9%


2 stars

2%


1 star

1%







 


 













































Video











View the size chart

View Zappos.com Glossary of Terms
Find something wrong in this description? Help us fix it! Report An Error



Description

Please click here for the Josef Seibel footwear size guide.
Spring is here! Get out and enjoy the flowers in bloom with the Sunflower mary jane by Josef Seibel®.
Rich leather upper with stylish stitch accents and criss-crossing mary jane instep straps.
Mary jane straps feature a buckle closure and side goring for a truly custom and secure fit.
All-leather interior helps promote optimal breathability while wicking moisture away from feet.
Durable, floral-inspired polyurethane outsole adsorbs shock and provides amazing flexibility.
Measurements:

 Heel Height: 1 in
 Weight: 7 oz


Product measurements were taken using size 39 (US Women's 8-8.5), width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size.




This item is currently unavailable, but here are some similar products

No Similar Items Available
We can't currently find any similar items for the Sunflower by Josef Seibel. Sorry!








Fit Survey:

76% Felt true to size




8%
Full size too large



11%
Half size too Large



76%
True to size



4%
Half size too small



0%
Full size too small





86% Felt true to width




 86%
Felt true to width



2%
Felt narrower than marked



11%
Felt wider than marked





66% Moderate arch support




19%
Excellent arch support



66%
Moderate arch support



15%
No arch support








Item Information


 View the size chart



Please click here for the Josef Seibel footwear size guide.
Spring is here! Get out and enjoy the flowers in bloom with the Sunflower mary jane by Josef Seibel®.
Rich leather upper with stylish stitch accents and criss-crossing mary jane instep straps.
Mary jane straps feature a buckle closure and side goring for a truly custom and secure fit.
All-leather interior helps promote optimal breathability while wicking moisture away from feet.
Durable, floral-inspired polyurethane outsole adsorbs shock and provides amazing flexibility.
Measurements:

 Heel Height: 1 in
 Weight: 7 oz


Product measurements were taken using size 39 (US Women's 8-8.5), width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size.


View Zappos.com Glossary of Terms
Find something wrong in this description? Help us fix it! Report An Error

Show More Information »
« Show Less Information








Customer Reviews

Josef Seibel
Sunflower


Average rating is 5 out of 5 from a total of 91 reviews.


Top Positive Review
5 people found this review helpful.


Overall



Comfort



Style



I needed closed toe shoe, but wanted look of sandal and this fit the bill. Very comfortable, as well as cute. I expect to get a lot of wear out of them! 
Read more »
« Show less
May 13, 2011 by Ruth B

vs

Top Critical Review
3 people found this review helpful.


Overall



Comfort



Style



There is no arch support, which is surprising considering this is supposed to be a European comfort shoe. Too bad.
Read more »
« Show less
March 16, 2011 by Lillian F




Sunflower


Write a Review


Sort by:
Most Helpful
Newest






5 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:5 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




I needed closed toe shoe, but wanted look of sandal and this fit the bill. Very comfortable, as well as cute. I expect to get a lot of wear out of them! 


Fit Survey

Runs Small
Runs Large
Felt true to size


Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Felt true to width


Poor Support
Great Support
Moderate arch support










Ruth B - customer
from Albuquerque, NM
May 13, 2011






4 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:5 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




This is a wonderful shoe. Both comfortable and stylish. I ordered it in black and the funky red color (more coral colored). I would have bought it in brown, but didn't have that color. So comfortable and is lined with leather, which I always like in a shoe. 
I'd also recommend:  Merrell, Pikolinos, Clarks, Timberland


Fit Survey

Runs Small
Runs Large
Felt true to size


Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Felt true to width


Poor Support
Great Support
Moderate arch support










Tahmra R - customer
from Centerton, AR
July 21, 2011






3 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:3 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




Great shoes but, sadly, the top edge nearest my big toe is not high enough and hurts the bunion.


Fit Survey

Runs Small
Runs Large
Felt true to size


Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Felt true to width


Poor Support
Great Support
Moderate arch support










Anonymous - customer
from Exit 109 
May 31, 2011






3 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:5 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




Very comfortable shoe (so far, I have only worn it around the house). I have very sensitive feet and have a lot of difficulty finding shoes that I can tolerate. These felt good on my foot right out of the box. Leather is soft and the added elastic on the straps keeps them from binding. Leather on the heel is very soft and comfortable. I think they are very cute on. I'll be able to dress these up or down. Happy to find a comfortable shoe at last!


Fit Survey

Runs Small
Runs Large
Felt true to size


Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Felt true to width


Poor Support
Great Support
Moderate arch support










Anonymous - customer
from Oregon
May 11, 2011






3 people found this review helpful




Overall:

Rated:
5 stars!

Comfort:
Rated:5 stars!
Style:
Rated:5 stars!


Was this review helpful?




The second you slip your foot into this shoe you know it will be perfect. Extremely comfortable, feminine, not clunky, like walking on a pillow.
If you are a half size, go up to the next size. I am a 9 1/2, ordered a 10, was perfect.

I'd also recommend:  Steve Madden









Anonymous - customer
from Delaware Beaches
February 6, 2011




Read Additional 86 Customer Reviews
Write a Review








 





 




$125.00

Ships Free!









Bark





Size: 37 (US Women's 6-6.5)



Width: M


Don't see your size?




Add to Cart


Add to Favorites


Notify Me of New Styles

Share:







Tweet




Pin It



Email





















 SKU 7755897






A SHIBBITY BOO! Lucky shopper! You've discovered the PERSONAL SHOPPING WIZARD. HUHUHUHU! I know JUST the things for you!

Need Help?

 Have size or selection questions? We can help!
Begin Live Chat

Close










Shop With Confidence
Shopping on Zappos.com is Safe and Secure. Guaranteed!
You'll pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping at Zappos.com.


 Safe Shopping Guarantee

BBBOnLine Reliability Seal
Bizrate 2010 Circle of Excellence Platinum

All information is encrypted and transmitted without risk using a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
 How We Protect Your Personal Data »





Free Shipping and Free Returns

If, for any reason, you are unsatisfied with your purchase from Zappos Retail, Inc. you may return it in its original condition within 365 days for a refund. We'll even pay for return shipping!
 Read our Shipping and Return Policies »













Thank You for Registering!
Now, don't miss out on the good stuff...



Yes, please subscribe me to receive promotional emails
Keep up with the latest news, brands, trends, and styles.






Yes! Sign me up for Zappos Rewards!
I agree to the terms and conditions

Earn points, cool swag, and supercharged service!



Sign Up




Explore Zappos


Brands


Clothing


Luxury


Eyewear


New Arrivals


Outdoor


Rideshop


Running


Shoes


Watches


Wedding


All Departments




Customer Service


FAQs


Contact Info


¿Ayuda en español?


Shipping And Returns


Safe Shopping Guarantee


Secure Shopping


Fit Info


Measurement Guide


Model Measurements


Size Conversion Chart


Measure Your Bra Size




About Zappos


About


Zappos for Good


Jobs


Press Kit


Tours


Customer Testimonials


Associates Program


Glossary of Terms


Site Map


Feedback

How do you like our website?
How do you like our website?






Zappos Newsletter
Subscribe to our weekly shameless plug!
Please Enter Your Name

Please Enter Your Email Address

Sign Up!



Zappos respects your privacy


Connect with Us

Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest



Zappos Stuff








Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Fur Policy
Interest-Based Ads
Mobile Version
Desktop Version

24/7 Customer Service (800) 927-7671



© 2009–2017 - Zappos.com, Inc or its affiliates, 400 E. Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89101
Zappos.com is operated by Zappos IP, Inc. Products on Zappos.com are sold by Zappos Retail, Inc.
Gift cards and e-Gift cards sold on Zappos.com are sold by Zappos Gift Cards, Inc. or ACI Gift Cards, Inc.



 
 








Read Reviews






How did you feel about this item?

Overall:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Size:

Felt full size larger
Felt half size larger
Felt true to size
Felt half size smaller
Felt full size smaller



Comfort:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Width:

Felt wider than marked
Felt true to width
Felt narrower than marked



Style:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Support:

Excellent arch support
Moderate arch support
No arch support






Let us know what you think





Tell us a little about yourself
Email address

Name (optional)

Where do you live? (optional)

What other brands would you recommend to people who like this product? (optional)



Oops! We've detected a few errors. Please fill in the highlighted areas above.

Note: By submitting a review you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old. Please visit our Review Guidelines
for full guidelines on writing reviews. All content (including text, images and videos)
becomes our sole and exclusive property pursuant to our Terms of Use. Your reviews will be processed within five days.







Thanks for writing a review!
Our team loves reading customer reviews, so they're looking forward to giving yours a look-see. It should be posted within 5 business days, so check back here to see it posted!


Read Reviews




Read Reviews






How did you feel about this item?

Overall:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Size:

Felt full size larger
Felt half size larger
Felt true to size
Felt half size smaller
Felt full size smaller



Comfort:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Width:

Felt wider than marked
Felt true to width
Felt narrower than marked



Style:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Support:

Excellent arch support
Moderate arch support
No arch support






Let us know what you think





Upload photos and videos (optional)
You can drag & drop or click below to attach up to four images and/or one video






Attach Image








Attach Image








Attach Image








Attach Image










Attach Video




Note: Images must be less than 8MB in size while your video must be an mp4 less than 200MB and one minute in length



Drop Here to Attach!
Don't Forget: Images must be less than 8MB in size while videos are less than 200MB and one minute in length





Tell us a little about yourself






Note: By submitting a review you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old. Please visit our Review Guidelines
for full guidelines on writing reviews. All content (including text, images and videos)
becomes our sole and exclusive property pursuant to our Terms of Use. Your reviews will be processed within five days.


Cancel






 Please wait while your review is being completed. Do not click back or close this browser window.


Thanks for writing a review!
Our team loves reading customer reviews, so they're looking forward to giving yours a look-see. It should be posted within 5 business days, so check back here to see it posted!




















