 



Ultimus Fund Solutions Selected by Ladder Capital to Provide Fund Services for its First Fund Offering | Business Wire
























































Ultimus Fund Solutions Selected by Ladder Capital to Provide Fund 
      Services for its First Fund Offering




Firm Launches First Mutual Fund Through Ultimus Managers Trust






December 01, 2016 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ultimus 
      Fund Solutions®, LLC (Ultimus) announced today that it has been 
      chosen by Ladder 
      Capital Asset Management LLC (Ladder) to provide fund administration 
      services for the firm’s first mutual fund, the Ladder 
      Select Bond Fund (Fund). Headquartered in New York, Ladder intends 
      to use the Ultimus Managers Trust platform as the firm strategically 
      expands its product offerings. The Fund draws on the firm’s significant 
      expertise in the commercial real estate credit markets and is intended 
      to provide a fixed-income strategy that may appeal to a variety of 
      investors.
    


      As part of the relationship, Ultimus helped craft Ladder’s Fund to 
      support the firm’s business goals. Ladder selected Ultimus after a 
      national search, citing the firm’s strategic expertise and consultative 
      approach to the design and launch of the Fund as major factors. Ladder 
      is one of the most recent managers to choose Ultimus for administration, 
      fund accounting, transfer agency, compliance and distribution services 
      through the Ultimus Managers Trust, solidifying Ultimus as a leader in 
      the series trust arena.
    

      “Ladder’s investment strategy draws on the firm’s commercial real estate 
      expertise and we believe is unique in the marketplace. This approach 
      raised specific product design and distribution considerations that had 
      to be thought through during the planning process,” said Dave Carson, 
      President of Ultimus Managers Trust. “We are pleased to be aligned with 
      a firm of Ladder’s position and recognition in the marketplace. They are 
      well established and we’re delighted to help them work towards achieving 
      another business goal.”
    

      “It was evident early in the process that Ultimus had expertise to help 
      position the Fund, thinking about what will be suitable tomorrow and in 
      the future. We have a unique product and appreciate the knowledge and 
      support Ultimus provided in bringing the Fund to market,” said Thomas 
      Harney, Head of Merchant Banking & Capital Markets at Ladder. “With 
      their consultative approach, they clearly understand our business 
      direction and how to design the Fund most effectively to get there. 
      We’re excited about our Fund, and happy to have Ultimus as a partner.”
    

About Ultimus Fund Solutions


      Ultimus Fund Solutions provides highly customized and comprehensive 
      mutual fund services to small and medium-sized fund groups. The company 
      offers mutual fund startup and organization services, fund 
      administration, fund accounting, transfer agent and distribution 
      services for both open-end and closed-end funds. Ultimus’ broad range of 
      services is performed by teams of accountants, attorneys, paralegals and 
      other professionals with a wealth of mutual fund experience.
    

      For more information, visit www.ultimusfundsolutions.com.
    

About Ladder


      Ladder is a subsidiary of Ladder Capital Corp (“Ladder Capital”). Ladder 
      Capital operates a publicly traded, internally-managed real estate 
      investment trust that is a leader in commercial real estate finance. 
      Ladder Capital originates and invests in a diverse portfolio of 
      commercial real estate and real estate-related assets, focusing on 
      senior secured assets. Ladder Capital’s investment activities include: 
      (i) direct origination of commercial real estate first mortgage loans; 
      (ii) investments in investment grade securities secured by first 
      mortgage loans on commercial real estate; and (iii) investments in net 
      leased and other commercial real estate equity. Founded in 2008, Ladder 
      Capital is run by a highly experienced management team with extensive 
      expertise in all aspects of the commercial real estate industry, 
      including origination, credit, underwriting, structuring, capital 
      markets and asset management. Led by Brian Harris, the Company’s Chief 
      Executive Officer, Ladder is headquartered in New York City and has 
      branches in Boca Raton and Los Angeles.
    

      For more information, visit www.laddercapital.com 
      and www.ladderfunds.com.
    


Contacts

      Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLCRobert G. Dorsey, 513-587-3401CEO, 
      Managing Directorbdorsey@ultimusfundsolutions.com














Release Summary
New York based real estate investment firm, Ladder Capital, selects Ultimus to provide mutual fund administration services for the firm's mutual fund launch through the Ultimus Managers Trust.







Contacts

      Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLCRobert G. Dorsey, 513-587-3401CEO, 
      Managing Directorbdorsey@ultimusfundsolutions.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Services | Ultimus Fund Solutions

























AboutProfessionalsClientsHistoryAwardsYear in ReviewServicesMutual Fund ServicesSeries TrustStandalone TrustMiddle Office ServicesSpecialty Fund ServicesNewsPress ReleasesInsight ArticlesEventsIndustry PartnersBlogCareersCurrent OpeningsContactLogin


















Home
 / Services

Services
At Ultimus we focus on meeting the needs of midsize and smaller investment advisor groups by providing tailored comprehensive services specific to each unique situation. Whether you're starting a new fund, have existing funds, private accounts or separately managed accounts, our customized solutions are crafted to help you grow your business. These solutions draw on our expertise in fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agency, middle office, distribution and compliance support.We continuously look for ways to improve our services, which means finding ways to work more efficiently for you, investing in best-in-class technology and adding experienced professionals to our team before the need arises. Our goal always remains the same, to provide superior service for our clients.We invite you to talk with us to learn more about our high-touch services and how we can be your trusted business partner.

Mutual Fund Services
Whether you're starting a new fund or have existing funds, we have solutions to help you grow your business
Learn More





Middle Office Services
Middle office service solutions for institutional separately managed accounts (SMAs) and private funds
Learn More





Specialty Fund Services
Quality service solutions for private, pooled and other registered investment vehicles
Learn More










































Mutual Fund Services | Ultimus Fund Solutions

























AboutProfessionalsClientsHistoryAwardsYear in ReviewServicesMutual Fund ServicesSeries TrustStandalone TrustMiddle Office ServicesSpecialty Fund ServicesNewsPress ReleasesInsight ArticlesEventsIndustry PartnersBlogCareersCurrent OpeningsContactLogin



















Home
 / Services
 / Mutual Fund Services

Mutual Fund Services
One size never fits all.We tailor our comprehensive mutual fund services to meet the unique needs of midsize and smaller fund groups, offering plans which include both a series trust and a proprietary trust. Whether you're starting a new mutual fund or have existing funds, we have solutions crafted to help you grow your business. You can depend on our industry expertise to establish or reorganize your funds and our proven methodology to convert your funds and shareholders to our services. We have handled dozens of conversions from many service providers and can provide a list of satisfied clients.







Distribution

Gathering assets for your mutual fund depends on providing access to your fund, building awareness of your fund and ensuring operational reporting support for your fund. With decades of professional experience, Ultimus offers comprehensive solutions to meet your fund distribution needs and your strategic business goals.With years of experience working with hundreds of broker/dealer back offices, we can help you navigate the process of getting your funds on their platforms. We also have attained preferred status with many of the major firms. Ultimus provides fund distribution services through its wholly owned subsidiaries which are registered broker-dealers and members of FINRA.The Ultimus DifferenceOur consultative Strategic Distribution Program provides guidance, tools and resources related to distribution channels, platforms and pricing to help grow your fund’s assets. We can facilitate the establishment of relationships with brokerage firms and other financial intermediaries, and provide product analysis and development. Learn more about our comprehensive Strategic Distribution Program on the Distribution fact sheet.Contact us to learn more about our distribution services.


Fund Organization (Series Trust and Proprietary Trust)

Our professionals have decades of experience helping investment managers successfully launch mutual funds. If you want to start a registered mutual fund, we can provide expert counsel on the two primary forms of fund organization, a Series Trust or a Stand Alone Trust. Deciding which model is best for you  and your fund is an important decision. Regardless of your selection, Ultimus will be there for you throughout the process.
What is a Series Trust? Learn more. What is a Proprietary Trust? Learn more. 
The Ultimus DifferenceOur experts will develop a comprehensive timeline for launching your mutual fund; discuss your business plan and distribution strategies and offer experienced insight on what has been successful; analyze fee structures, asset share classes and expense caps to help you understand how your fund will compare to its peers; and produce a multi-year, pro-forma budget to help you evaluate your business plan.
Fund Organization Case StudyAPEX Funds joined Ultimus Managers Trust series trust solution
Contact us to learn more about fund organization services.



Legal Fund Administration

We provide comprehensive legal fund administration services so that you can focus on your strengths—managing investments and attracting new assets. Our administrative team includes 1940 Act attorneys, paralegals and fund administration specialists who help you avoid unpredictable hourly billing.The Ultimus DifferenceOur Fund Administration team provides many value-added services at no extra cost along with the standard industry fund administration services listed in our fact sheet.Contact us to learn more about our value added fund administration services.


Fund Accounting & Financial Administration 

Accuracy and timeliness are crucial. Our accounting professionals work in an environment of strong internal controls to ensure high quality, comprehensive and reliable personal service. Our comprehensive fund accounting operational procedures and controls have contributed to consistently clean annual SOC1 audits.We use industry-leading technology. The SunGard Asset Arena fund accounting system is the primary engine for NAV calculation and portfolio record keeping. The Unity™ platform from Confluence Technologies is used to calculate the performance and after-tax returns of mutual funds, and to support the preparation of financial statements.
The Ultimus DifferenceOur Fund Accounting & Financial Administration group is structured like a public accounting firm. Each client receives a dedicated team that includes a fund controller, a fund accounting manager, a fund accountant(s) and a financial reporting specialist. Each team is responsible for the daily end-to-end fund accounting process, including financial reporting and distribution calculations. As a result, team members understand the unique characteristics and daily processing requirements of their assigned funds.  See our complete services listed in our  fact sheet.Contact us to learn more about our specialized team approach.


Transfer Agent & Shareholder Servicing

Our dedicated shareholder servicing teams and leading-edge technologies provide seamless management of investor relations and communications. Our clients see us as an extension of their business, representing them when dealing with their shareholders.We use Envison PowerAgent for real-time shareholder transaction accounting and shareholder servicing, Envision PAWorx for imaging and workflow processing, and Envision PAWeb for online shareholder account access.
The Ultimus DifferenceWe hire only seasoned professionals for our Shareholder Services area. Our transfer agency staff members have spent an average of 14 years in the industry. Our experience and attention to detailed operational procedures and controls consistently result in clean annual SOC1 audits. Our dedicated, fund-specific shareholder services teams ensure consistency and promote investor familiarity. With our low turnover, shareholders can speak with the same group of representatives, time after time.  See a complete list of our services in our fact sheet.Contact us to learn more about our personalized approach to shareholder services.


Conversion

If you are considering converting your existing mutual funds from your current service provider or your proprietary system, Ultimus takes responsibility for the entire conversion process and attends to all the details so you can concentrate on managing and growing your assets. As a result, the conversion process with Ultimus is remarkably efficient, effective, and seamless to you and your shareholders.  In fact, our clients say that if they had known how easy the conversion to Ultimus was going to be, they would have made the switch much sooner.The Ultimus DifferenceThe key difference about the conversion process at Ultimus is the fact that your Ultimus 'Conversion Team' becomes your 'Operations Team.’ This simple, yet important, distinction makes the process seamless to you, the investment adviser. Another fundamental difference is Ultimus utilizes business applications that are customizable and adaptable to meet your funds' needs. Learn more about our conversion process and timeline on our Fund Conversion fact sheet.Contact us to learn more about our conversion process.






















Want to explore our mutual funds services, interested in launching a fund, or need a pro forma? Email your request below or call us at 513.587.3400
































Business Process Management Enterprise Solutions | BPM Software












































































Products

Composed Process Solutions
Ultimus BPM Software Suite

Software Suite Modules
Ultimus Process Designer

Ultimus WebClient / UATS
Request a Demo

Solutions

Solutions Overview
Solutions by Industry »

Banking and Finance
Energy and Utilities
Healthcare and Hospitals
Insurance
Legal Services
Manufacturing
Public Sector
Telecommunications

Solutions by Function »

Business Services Management
Compliance
CRM
Finance and Accounting
Human Resources and HCM

Solutions by Application »

Application Servers
Enterprise App Integration
Enterprise Content Mgmt
Enterprise Resource Planning
SharePoint Integration
Service Oriented Architecture
Supply Chain Management


Services

Process Consulting & Services
Product Consulting & Support
Ultimus Software Training

Customers

Ultimus Customers
Success Stories
Testimonials
Customer Portal Login
Product Upgrade Requests

Resources

Press Releases, News & Events
Analyst Coverage
Videos & Webinars
White Papers
Solution Profiles
Ultimus Blog
Learn More »

What is Composed Process Solutions?
What is BPM Software?
BPM vs. Workflow
Lean Six Sigma and BPM


About

Contact and Office Locations
Why Ultimus?
Ultimus Partners »

North American Partners
EMEA Partners
Latin American Partners
APAC Partners

Company History
Management Team
Ultimus Careers

Language

English
Spanish
German





















<



































Ultimus BPM Enterprise Solutions

































Full Enterprise Ready Solutions – Codeless and Painless
Organizations of all shapes and sizes benefit from the solutions developed by Ultimus. Whether it be a solution by industry, core discipline, or corporate challenge, Ultimus takes accountability in delivering the best-in-class solutions for business optimization.











Industry Solutions
Ultimus has successfully automated thousands of different process solutions in nearly every major industry, which is more than any other business process management company worldwide.From low code banking, to healthcare, to insurance, to manufacturing, and many more, Ultimus provides the perfect solution to meets your industry's standards and will equip you with the right tools that will allow your company to adapt and thrive in changing markets.










Functional Solutions
Ultimus’ business process management software solution provides insight into corporate and departmental business processes providing you with the tools to run a more effective and efficient organization.
Automate your business with functional solutions that work across different departments. Comply with business regulations, improve the way you hire people, act faster against fraud, achieve error-free accounting and transform the customer experience.













































Automate more with less effort at higher quality
Experience a fast time-to-live implementation
Easily change, manage and optimize business operations
Seamlessly connect people, processes and technology systems












Reduce costs for your company and reach your business goals
Comply with industry regulations and standards
No building from scratch or hand coding
Gain control of your business processes and eliminate bottlenecks


































 Leading companies worldwide trust in Ultimus to deliver solutions and accelerate performance.




























































Products
Composed Process Solutions
Ultimus BPM Suite
Ultimus WebClient / UATS
Solutions
Industry Solutions
Functional Solutions
Services
Process Consulting
Product Support
Software Training
Customers
Partners
Resources
About Us







Featured Resources
Ultimus Webinar
Using Low-Code BPM Platforms to Accelerate Digital Transformation — featuring a Principal Analyst at Forrester Research








White Paper
An Industrial Approach to Software Development









Latest Posts




Process Automation ― Think Outside the Box



                    Often times I find that many people approach business...continue reading





Ten Tips for Success in BPM Implementation



                    As we all know, if proper steps aren't taken, BPM projects,...continue reading





Getting Started With Your BPM Project



                    Starting small is usually the best practice for success...continue reading
























Ultimus Inc. Headquarters 136 Madison Ave. 6th Floor New York, NY, USA 10016








919.678.0900







View All Office Locations








  








 


Search this site on Google


Search ⇨
































>> We're Hiring! View Open Positions Here <<




Contact Ultimus | Why Choose Ultimus | See a Demo














































