










 


 









UltraCell Insulation | StartHub


































Skip to main content
















Search


 
NewsStartupsEventsJobsInvestorsResourcesCoursesWorkspacesIncubatorsAbout




























Search


 



























UltraCell Insulation

Website

http://ultracellinsulation.com/


Founded 

2013


Employees 

  5




 




Overview



    UltraCell Insulation LLC is commercializing a breakthrough process for producing thermal insulation from recycled corrugated cardboard. UltraCell’s technology is patented, with proven economics and product quality advantages. A 10 year agreement with the nation’s largest corrugated recycling plant positions the company for $25M in annual revenues and we have already lined up millions of dollars in pre-orders at attractive margins.  

Video Pitch




 




























Don't see your Startup?
Create a free profile on StartHub
Create a Profile


Get Listed
By adding your company profile to StartHub your Boston located startup becomes an active part of the city’s official hub for technology.
Startup listings for StartHub are powered by Gust.com, the world’s largest platform for startup funding. You can update your free profile at any time through the Gust dashboard or even take things a step further by using your profile to leverage all the benefits Gust has to offer.
Create a Profile
×

 















UltraCell Insulation LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:54 PM ET
Building Products

Company Overview of UltraCell Insulation LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
UltraCell Insulation LLC manufactures cellulose building insulation materials from recycled papers, paper trash, and pulped recycled cardboards. Its products are used in attics, walls, and floors of residential or commercial new construction, and retrofit applications. The company offers its products through distribution partners. UltraCell Insulation LLC was founded in 2013 and is based in Newtonville, Massachusetts. The company has a manufacturing facility in Niagara Falls, New York.


897 Washington StreetSuite 600/631Newtonville, MA 02460United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 888-616-8393

ultracellinsulation.com







Key Executives for UltraCell Insulation LLC




Mr. Jonathan M. Strimling


      	Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. Jim Austin


      	President and Chief Development Officer
      








Mr. Daniel H. Thompson


      	Co-Founder, Vice President and Director
      








Mr. Robert Hupper


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Gerard Gagnon


      	Co-Founder
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st United Door Technologies, Inc. United States 2001 Company, Inc. United States 84 Lumber Company, 53 Lumber Sales and Supply Centers and 1 Truss Manufacturing Plant United States A & A Window Products, Inc. United States A B C Steel Products Co., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 7, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 18, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact UltraCell Insulation LLC, please visit ultracellinsulation.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Ultracell Insulation LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























ultracell insulation llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Materials
Industry: Forest & Paper Products
Sub-Industry: Forestry & Logging
Ultracell Insulation LLC, doing business as Procell Insulation, provides forestry consulting services. The Company specializes in green, clean, and safe building insulation from recycled corrugated cardboard.




Corporate Information
Address:

23 Middle Road
South Bristol, ME 04568-4517
United States


Phone:
1-207-644-1033


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.ultracellinsulation.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

















































Gust | Gust






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.


















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials


























UltraCell Insulation

UltraCell Insulation LLC makes high performance building insulation from recycled corrugated cardboard, using a patented and proven process.






Stage

Full Product Ready



Industry

Clean Technology



Location

Cambridge, MA, US



Currency

USD



Founded

January 2013



Employees

5



Incorporation Type

LLC



Website

ultracellinsulation.com

















Only investors on Gust who have been granted access can view this content.




Interested in this startup?
Sign In or Sign Up to request more information.


























Loading






UltraCell LLC - Energy Solutions for Mobile Power












VISIT OUR ONLINE STORE






COMPANY



•About UltraCell

•Careers






PRODUCTS



•Products Overview






APPLICATIONS



•Overview
•Emergency Response
•Military
•Mobile SatCom
•Remote Surveillance
•Mobile Computing






TECHNOLOGY



•Fuel Cells
•RMFC
•Hybridization
•FAQs






NEWS & EVENTS




•Press Releases
•Events






CONTACT




•Inquiries





 






 
Ultracell LLC has moved... our new 
addresss as of Oct 1, 2016:


Ultracell LLC
      5637 La Ribera Street, Suite A
      Livermore CA 94550
      



 
 


 
May 16, 2016
SAFCell Inc. awarded Enhancement grant from US Army
 SAFCell and UltraCell have commenced the design and fabrication of a 50 watt, propane-fueled power unit based on the use of SAFCell's proprietary Solid Acid Fuel Cell stacks in UltraCell's world-leading military portable power systems. This first-of-its-kind ultra-light power unit will reduce by half the total battery weight burden on the modern soldier, up to 44 pounds for a three-day mission, enabling them to carry more mission critical equipment and ammunition.
 
 





 
CONTACT | LEGAL NOTICES
 































UltraCell Insulation | Cambridge, MA, US Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials


























UltraCell Insulation

UltraCell Insulation LLC makes high performance building insulation from recycled corrugated cardboard, using a patented and proven process.






Stage

Full Product Ready



Industry

Clean Technology



Location

Cambridge, MA, US



Currency

USD



Founded

January 2013



Employees

5



Incorporation Type

LLC



Website

ultracellinsulation.com

















Company Summary





UltraCell Insulation LLC is commercializing a breakthrough process for producing thermal insulation from recycled corrugated cardboard. UltraCell’s technology is patented, with proven economics and product quality advantages. A 10 year agreement with the nation’s largest corrugated recycling plant positions the company for $25M in annual revenues and we have already lined up millions of dollars in pre-orders at attractive margins.






















Team













Jonathan Strimling

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman




With 20 years of experience as an executive and entrepreneur, Mr. Strimling founded and scaled multiple successful ventures, including WoodPellets.com, which he grew to $10M in 2 1/2 years.  Then, as CEO of SMTP, Strimling transformed a slow-growing $6M business into a NASDAQ-listed technology leader on pace to sell $18M just three years later.
Strimling has Masters Degrees in Engineering and Management from MIT’s Sloan School of Management.












Jim Austin

Chief Development Officer




A veteran of the pulp and paper industry, Mr. Austin brings deep experience developing, siting, and financing plants and manufacturing operations. He served as President of several firms including Empire Tissue Company, Northeast C&D Recycling, and Besicorp Empire Newsprint, and also served as a Director of Great Lakes Pulp and Paper.
Mr. Austin has a BS in Business Administration from Northeastern University.













Bill Hulstrunk

Director of Technical Services and Product Quality




Hulstrunk is a well-known and well-respected expert in cellulose insulation.  He served as Technical Manager for National Fiber prior to joining UltraCell, and served on the Board of Directors of the Cellulose Insulation Manufacturers Association from 2013 through 2015.  Hulstrunk has more than 20 years of experience in building science, weatherization, and energy conservation.  












Steeve Wintle

Vice President of Finance




Wintle is responsible for the Company’s financial strategy and management.  He has 20 years of accounting and finance experience, primarily in energy and high tech companies, most recently serving as the CFO of International WoodFuels, a renewable energy development company. Wintle has a strong track record in accounting, financial management, and operations.  He graduated from UNH with a BA and MBA in Business Administration. 
















Previous Investors













Clean Energy Venture Group


Unconfirmed










Ben Littauer












Ben Littauer















Rochester Angels


Unconfirmed
































Loading












UltraCell Insulation LLC | www.inknowvation.com








































Skip to main content









Welcome: Guest | Register | Login  |  











 






 













        
    Home          



        
    SBIR Community          









        
    SBIR Awardees          



        
    Tech Seekers          



        
    Federal Agencies          



        
    State Support Services          



        
    Professional Service Providers          



































        
    SBIR Stats          









        
    Alphabetized Listing of every Awardee          



        
    Company Registry: menu-driven search          



        
    All SBIR_STTR Awards: 1983 - present          



        
    TechSeeker Registry®          



        
    Organized: by Agency          



        
    Organized: by State          



































        
    Analytics          



        
    ASSETs: TechMatching          



        
    One SBIR Place          









        
    About SMART Office          



        
    News Bureau          










        
    About Us          

















  ►   Companies ►   Ultracell insulation llc 

 















UltraCell Insulation LLC
Profile last edited on: 5/24/2017
  
  23 Middle Road
  South Bristol, ME 04568


  (888) 616-8393

  info@ultracellinsulation.com

  www.ultracellinsulation.com






Business Identifier: Patent-protected process for producing cellulose building insulation using recycled cardboard. 
Public Profile: UltraCell Insulation LLC develops cellulose insulation for commercial and residential buildings. UltraCell uses a patent-protected process to create its cellulose insulation using recycled Old Corrugated Cardboard (OCC) and other fiber feedstocks. The process allows for the creation of effective thermal insulation without relying on the diminishing supply of recycled newspapers that is the industry standard for producing cellulose insulation. The company's insulation technology aims to provide superior thermal insulation to that which is offered by fiberglass insulation, with additional benefits of fire-retardancy, noise reduction, and the prevention of mold and fungi growth. UltraCell provides insulation for retrofitting buildings and the development of new buildings. In addition to its 2014 SBIR grant from the EPA, the company recieved a grant from the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center in 2015.  







 Synopsis: Awardee Business Condition


Year Founded

First SBIR Year

Date of Last Award


Employee Range

VC funded?

IP Holdings


Revenue Range

Private/Public

Exchange/Symbol
 : 





 Most Recent SBIR Projects


Year
Phase
Agency
Dollars
Project Title






Thermal Insulation from Paper Mill Wastes





UltraCell - Advanced Cellulose Insulation















Smart Office Options
  
  










SBIR firms in the news
  
  

Newton Startup Using Cardboard Boxes to Insulate Homes
MassCEC Awards $200,000 in Clean Energy Research Grants to Massachusetts Cleantech Innovators











 








Main areas of the site
Home
SBIR Community
SBIR Stats
Analytics
ASSETs: TechMatching
One SBIR Place
About Us
 
















Contact information
Innovation Development Institute, LLC
   45 Beach Bluff Avenue, Suite 300
     Swampscott,  MA 01907-1542
  Tel:  (781) 595-2920
  support@inknowvation.com 



 








	    © Copyright 1995-2017 Innovation Development Institute, LLC, Swampscott, MA. All Rights Reserved.
	  









support@inknowvation.com






 





 Processing...






	Foil Faced Insulation: Foil with Foam, Bubble or Fiberglass


































































Shipping
















HomeInsulation ProductsProdex ProductsProdex Total 48 InchProdex Total Fast Action 48 InchProdex Total 10MProdex Total White ESW5 48 InchProdex Total Under Concrete InsulationProdex Total 24 inchProdex Total 16 inchProdex Total 72 InchProdex Total Perforated 48 InchProdex Garage Door Insulation KitProdex Total OUTDOOR InsulationProdex Rustic Dark InsulationProdex Total 48 Inch Assorted Cut PiecesProdex Total 4 ft x 50 ftFoil-Fiberglass-Vinyl-4-ft-x-125-ft-500-sq-ftFoil Fiberglass Vinyl 6 ft x 125 ft 750 sq ftReflective-Bubble-White-Poly-4-ft-x-125-ft-500-sq-ftReflective-Bubble-Reflective-4-ft-x-125-ft-500-sq-ftSample of Prodex products and radiant barriersTape/Glue ProductsREFLECTIVE TAPEDOUBLE SIDED TAPEWHITE POLY FACE/PATCH TAPESUPER METAL SEALANTUNDER CONCRETE/HOUSE WRAP TAPESample of Prodex products and radiant barriersBest DealsInsulation TypesInstall & HelpInstallation MethodsFAQSContactUSShipping







Sitemap


























 Sale - Friday July 28


 Cart (0 items)






 Customer Login

Logout>






 Shipping Calculator






 Insulation Calculator



























Sale




Friday July 28























Foil Faced Insulation: Foil with Foam, Bubble or Fiberglass












 










Foil Foam Insulation Protects You From Heat, Cold and Condensation 


Prodex Total Foil Insulation = Insulation R-value 16 + Radiant Barrier + Vapor Barrier All in One Product. One solution to Cold, Heat and Condensation - You'll be warm in winter, cool in summer and dry all the time.

 13/64 inch (approx. 3/16") - 5mm closed cell polyethylene foam covered on both sides with .0012 inch (0.03mm) aluminum foil facing. 
Technical Brochure

Condensation  - It can seem like a tropical rain forest inside unprotected buildings. It's worse on those days where there is a greater contrast  between temperatures at night vs. day. The morning sun hitting the cool sheathing will create a drip. When warm air comes in   contact with the cool sheathing, condensation occurs. A temperature difference between the outside  and inside of your building creates condensation - Similar to what happens  when you have a cold can of beer outside on a hot day. 

Radiant Heat - Mid-summer sun rays hitting the sheathing radiates downward (inside). It can make it unbearably hot and humid inside. The sheathing magnifies the heat of the   summer and frigid temperatures of the winter. Metal is a very good   conductor of heat and cold. In hot weather, metal framing and sheeting   rapidly radiate the sun's heat into a building.   

Cold  - Winter temperatures turns sheathing cold. The cold sheathing   chills the inside of your building making it like an ice box  - colder inside the building  than out. 
Insulation That Loses R-value Due to Moisture
Once fiberglass insulation gets wet (and it will get wet, due to condensation) it will lose R-value! Water trapped between fiberglass insulation and the exterior of a building will also cause mold, fungus growth, rust  and oxidation - Conditions that will degrade the framing and the sheathing, and shorten the  service of the structure. In addition, fiberglass insulation does not  prevent radiant heat transfer (the primary source of heat-flow in and  outside your building).
Take a look at the white vinyl facing the next time you're in a building - It will be either sagging, or sagging and flaking.  This is due to the added weight of water. Behind the white vinyl is a  wet, mold filled blanket that will eventually cause the white vinyl to  crack and fall off. At some point, when you're exposed to the toxic  fibers, you'll be forced to remove the insulation - Hopefully before it  does too much damage to the framing or sheathing. If you insist on using  fiberglass, use it in conjunction with Prodex Total, so the Prodex can  keep the moisture out of the fiberglass.
Once sheathing gets cold it can create a situation where it's colder inside than out. To combat this you need an insulation that  doesn't lose its thermal protection (like fiberglass) when you need it most - Cold damp conditions!
Insulation That Doesn't Protect Against Radiant Heat Transfer

Like fiberglass, spray foam insulation doesn't protect against radiant heat transfer. Without  a radiant barrier, when your roof  gets hot it radiates solar-generated  heat down. This often results in it  being hotter in your building  than out. Since open cell foam providers suggest you supplement open cell foam with a  vapor barrier. Why not get the  vapor barrier, insulation and radiant  barrier all in one product?
Prodex Total Foil Foam Insulation Solves Condensation, Heat and Cold Challenges

Prodex Total Eliminates Condensation 


Prodex eliminates the moisture and ice dams from forming on roof and walls. When the heat or cold from outside comes through the sheathing it hits the outside aluminum facing of Prodex and is reflected back upwards through the underside of the sheathing. This process keeps the sheathing temperature consistent on both sides. In addition, the inside layer of aluminum in Prodex reflects away the heat (heater) or cold (air-conditioning) from inside the building, from getting to the sheathing. This also helps in preventing condensation. 
Prodex Total Prevents Radiant Heat Transfer

Prodex reflects 97% of the radiant energy (primary source of heat flow) that strikes it. Prodex also reflects back the heat inside your building or home. Each   unit of radiant heat energy that is reflected away from your building or home in   the summer, and each unit that is reflected back during the winter,   means less operation of your heating and air conditioning system - Less   wear and tear on your equipment - Less money you pay in utility costs.  Fiberglass and spray foam insulation do not prevent radiant heat transfer.
Prodex Total Keeps You Warm
The Prodex Total R-value is  not affected by humidity. This feature cannot be over emphasized. There is humidity in every location.  Your insulation must work in these conditions.  
What Makes Prodex Total Foil Backed Insulation Superior to Fiberglass, Spray and Bubble?


R-value 16 unaffected by humidity
Prevents 97% of radiant heat transfer
Vapor barrier
Prevents condensation
19dba contact noise reduction
90 degree Celsius (194 Fahrenheit) contact temperature rating
UV resistance
Does not promote mold or mildew
Does not provide for nesting of rodents, bugs or birds
Seals around nails (no leak)
Made with 100% recyclable virgin raw materials. 


 5 Reasons To Buy Prodex Total Foil Insulation

Independent reviews at Site Jabber.     Site Jabber is the leading community of online business reviewers.   The   community helps consumers find great online business and avoid   scams.   The community has grown to over 850,000 members and has   reviewed over   58,000 online businesses. Site Jabber was developed in   part with a  grant  from the National Science Foundation. 

BBB report. For over 100 years, BBB has set the standard for ethical business behavior. We're proud to maintain an "A to A+" rating. This   rating takes into account a company's size in its relation to   complaints. We're proud to maintain an "A to A+" rating. We've been accredited since  March 15, 2004
Prodex Insulation Reviews on every product page
 ICC-ES Recognized - ICC-ES   is an evaluation service that takes independent test data for a  variety  of products and analyses it against a uniform Acceptance  Criteria that  is recognized internationally.
Over 3 billion square feet sold worldwide.


Reviews - What to Believe



Jimmy Trout: Monday, August 17, 2009






Rating:

















We have had the  contractor install the Prodex on our roof and even  over the screen porch  on our new construction little cottage in the  mountains. We are very  happy with it. We already “feel” it will make a  big difference in energy  savings. I ordered a sample to show some  builder friends.
For independent reviews visit site Jabber
 

Updated July 19, 2016


























 Chart Comparing Prodex Total Foil Faced Insulation to Fiberglass, Rigid Board, Spray...


Differences in Foil Insulation - Single Bubble, Double Bubble and Prodex Total
Take  a look at the photos below. Even if you didn't know anything about foil  insulation, you would likely select the correct product - Prodex Total  Foil Insulation. 
     Foil Only                   Single Bubble           Double bubble           Prodex Total


Foil Insulation Should Have Quality Core
Prodex  Total has a high quality core that keeps its shape when exposed to  forces. Prodex Total has a nominal thickness of 5mm (13/64 inch) closed  cell polyethylene foam covered on both sides with .0012 (00.03mm)  aluminum foil facing. Under pressure, the Prodex micro-cells do not  collapse -- With a pressure of 6 PSI Prodex compresses just 6%. When the  load is relieved it takes back its initial shape. The density of the  foam is between 1.25 lb/ft (sq) - 1.87 lb/ft (sq). This gives the  material real body. Prodex seals around nails - That's important - Most  installation methods require stapling, nailing or screwing the foil  insulation to a surface.
Comparison Chart Prodex Total Foil Insulation to Foil Bubble Wrap

Double Bubble and Single Bubble - Balloons That Burst

Double  bubble and single bubble foil insulation are composed of either one  (single bubble) or two (double bubble) layers of air bubbles sandwiched  between two metalized surfaces. The rows of air bubbles play the  important role of separating the reflective foils. These products are  more than just a radiant barrier, they're considered foil insulation.   Unfortunately, air is not as effective a separator as closed cell foam; therefore, long-term performance can be a concern. 
Single  bubble has a nominal thickness of 5/32 inch. Double bubble measures  5/16 inch. These measurements bear little resemblance to the effective  measurement of the products (see photos above). We  see little difference between the performance of single and double  bubble foil insulation. The latter simply has a second layer of air  bubbles (A balloon with more air). Once either is punctured, it  collapses. Although we strongly suggest you order Prodex Total, if your budget doesn't allow you to purchase the quality of Prodex, we suggest you order a single bubble foil insulation rather than a double bubble. You'll get virtually all the benefits of the double bubble foil insulation while saving money. We do not offer double bubble foil insulation because we aren't able to justify its pricing relative to Prodex Total or single bubble foil insulation. 
Foil Only Products Are Not Insulation

Foil  only products are typically perforated and composed of two  metalized  surfaces with a mesh woven in for strength. It is not a vapor  barrier,  it has no R-value - It is not insulation per se. It's a thin  layer of  reflective low emissivity film installed with an airspace to  block  radiant heat transfer between a surface that radiates heat. We  refer to  these products as foil only radiant barriers. 

Quality Core Surrounded by Reflective Foil Facing = Quality Foil Insulation
Prodex Total Foil Insulation - Unlike foil only products (no inner substance), This foil insulation protects against the energy transferred via conduction and convection. Prodex is a radiant barrier + reflective insulation + Vapor Barrier. More than just a radiant barrier, Prodex Total is one solution for Heat, Cold, and Water. Prodex prevents condensation, heat from coming in and heat from getting out of your building!
How To Insulate With Foil Insulation - Install Instructions
It's  a lot easier and less expensive to install a 5mm roll of Prodex than a  bulky 6 inch roll of fiberglass or spray foam. Pinching 6 inches fiberglass between  the framing and sheathing is not easy. It's really tough having to use a wire mesh to hold fiberglass in place on an existing building. Spray foam is not DIY friendly. 
Prodex Total can be installed  before or after your sheathing. 

Installation methods 
More benefits of Prodex Total Insulation
Protects Content From Vapor

Prodex is a class 1 vapor barrier. A vapor barrier (moisture barrier) refers to any material that prevents moisture from passing through the walls or roof of a building. This material can be plastic or better yet, Prodex Total Insulation - 13/64 inch, 5mm closed cell polyethylene foam covered on both sides with .0012-inch (00.03mm) aluminum foil facing. Prodex Total Insulation (Vapor Barrier, Class 1. perm<0.1 ).
Prodex Insulation Prevents Rodents, Bugs and Birds from Nesting

Unlike fiberglass insulation, Prodex does not provide for the nesting of rodents, bugs and birds. Rodents, bugs and birds aren't able to digest the aluminum.
Prodex Total Deadens Sound of Rain and Hail

Metal skin on a building can exaggerate the sound of rain and hail. Prodex has an excellent 19db sound deadening. 
Increased Lighting Efficiency
Prodex provides a bright, attractive finish to your building. It reflects the light, making it easier to light the building interior.
How do I know this is a great product?
Prodex Total is ICC-ES recognized. BBB link bottom right of every page. Real-time customer comments on every product page. Independent reviews (bottom right of every page).
To meet the unique insulation requirements of a metal roof you need a total insulation system -  Prodex Total Insulation = Insulation + Radiant barrier + Vapor barrier.
Foil Insulation Roll sizes
48 Inch (4 ft. x 175 ft., 700 sq. ft.) 
72 Inch (6 ft. x 100 ft., 600 sq. ft.) 
24 Inch (Two rolls of 2 ft. x 175 ft., 700 sq. ft.)  
16 Inch (Three rolls of 16 in. x 175 ft., 700 sq. ft.)
Want White Facing?
Foil Fiberglass Vinyl (Not A Prodex Product) R 10.7. The  performance level of this product is slightly less than Prodex Total  primarily because it only has one reflective surface. 4 ft. x 125 ft. and 6 ft. x 125.Ideal  for commercial or residential applications where white facing is  preferred. Radiant barrier composed of 1/4 inch fiberglass core bonded  to one layer of aluminum foil facing and one layer of durable white  scrim-reinforced facing material. Fiberglass is encapsulated.

Summary:
Fiberglass loses R-value with moisture, neither it or spray insulation will prevent radiant heat transfer. 
It takes more than foil and air to make     a foil insulation. If you only have foil and a mesh than you don't    have  insulation. If your product is composed of air bubbles it's    subject to  collapse in time or lose effectiveness when punctured. It    requires a  quality core of foam and aluminum to make a great foil    insulation.













 




 
 
 
 










Purchase Gold Membership:$995.00



                                How many:  













































                                                         
                                                    





 About us  Contact us 




SHARE THIS PAGE
   Insulation4Less.com, Inc. Houston, TX



















ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES



 
 






                                                         
                                                    




























Terms and Conditions 


View Mobile Site


Top
                                                            




















                                                                    Official site of Prodex Total Insulation in USA and CAN
                                                                

                                                                    © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
                                                                







































                                            Members Login
                                        








                                            Username
                                        




Password








































                                                        Remember me
                                                    



































                                                            Lost Password?








                                                            Forgot your username?








                                                            No account yet? Register















































                                            Member Login
                                        














. Account Maintenance




. View your orders


























































































































                                                Mynxx



                                                Lucida





                                                Optima



                                                Georgia





                                                Geneva



                                                Trebuchet





                                                Helvetica



                                                Palatino

























        WARRANTY, TERMS AND CONDITIONS There are no warranties except those contained herein.Insulation4Less
        has not authorized any person or company to assume, on its behalf, any liability
        in connection with the materials supplied not to increase the scope of the warranty.
        The goods when properly constructed, shall meet the specifications listed on website.
        All materials are free of defects in workmanship.We will replace or repair at our
        discretion any defective material furnished within 3 weeks of delivery upon presentation
        of satisfactory evidence of such defect, but no claims for direct or consequential
        damage will be allowed. To speed up delivery, processing of your order is immediate.
        If you are concerned with any application, please consult your local contractor
        or code official prior to purchase.Please make sure you have selected the product
        that best meets your needs. Our warehouse is not set up to accept returns. All orders
        are final. No refunds will be granted.
    


























UltraCell - Advanced Cellulose Insulation | SBIR.gov



















Skip to main content






HomeAward Details 
UltraCell - Advanced Cellulose Insulation










Printer-friendly version





Award Information


Agency:

            Environmental Protection Agency          

Branch:

            N/A          


Amount:

            $100,000.00          

Award Year:

            2014          


Program:

            SBIR          

Phase:

            Phase I          


Contract:

            EP-D-14-024          

Agency Tracking Number:

            B13B2-0144          


Solicitation Year:

            2014          

Solicitation Topic Code:

            B          


Solicitation Number:

            SOL-NC-13-00012          



Small Business Information
UltraCell Insulation, LLC

            844 Elm Street. Suite 100, Manchester, NH, 03101-          



Hubzone Owned:

                  N                

Socially and Economically Disadvantaged:

                  N                


Woman Owned:

                  N                

Duns:

                  079090090                






Principal Investigator

Name: Daniel ThompsonPhone: (207) 644-1033Email: dthompson@ultracellinsulation.com 


Business Contact

Name: Jonathan StrimlingPhone: (603) 759-9921Email:&nbspjstrimling@ultracellinsulation.com 


Research Institution


              N/A            




Abstract
        Cellulose insulation is a well-established and $400M growing market. It is recognized for superior thermal insulating performance, its safety and its environmental benefits. UltraCell’s proprietary technology addresses two major issues facing the industry today: the decline in availability of newsprint as its primary feedstock and changes in OSHA labeling requirements scheduled for 2015.

UltraCell has developed a patented process for the product ion of an advanced form of cellulose insulation. The technology is innovative, cost competitive and ecologically beneficial. The company’s unique process enables the use of a safe liquid fire retardant, a major breakthrough for the industry. Technical feasibility has been proven, and this grant will allow UltraCell to furtherfine tune the production process to yield the highest quality product for commercial applications.

UltraCell’s cellulose insulation reduces carbon in three ways: (1) it improves the insulation of buildings; (2) it uses less energy in manufacturing than other forms of insulation; and (3) the product directly sequesters carbon. UltraCell’s formulation has a safer environmental profile than fiberglass, foam or any competing forms of cellulose insulation. It is the only cellulose product that will be exempt from new labeling requirements being implemented by OSHA. By enabling the ongoing growth of the cellulose industry as a whole, UltraCell will reduce the amount of pollutants (such as formaldehyde and volatile organic compounds [VOCs]) that are introduced by competing forms of insulation, and its active moisture management will help control the growth of mold.

UltraCell has a balanced team of industrial, technical and commercial experts. The team brings 60 years of direct experience in cellulose insulation, including production, installation and construction. UltraCell is a joint venture with US Dynamics, a technology commercialization company with a strong track record of helping firms navigate across the “Valley of Death.” Finally, the team draws on the robust technical expense of the University of Maine’s Process Development Center, an industry-leading research institution.

With completion of the research effort described as part of Phase 1, this project will bewell along the way to lining up partners for pilot production under Phase 2. The company has identified leading firms in production, distribution, installation and construction to serve as partners from Phase 1 through a commercial rollout. A portion of the Phase 1 research will be conducted at anintended pilot-scale production site and preliminary testing of the product by prospective customers will occur as part of UltraCell’s Phase 1 trials.      
* information listed above is at the time of submission.











Agency Micro-sites

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







An Official Website of the United States Government
















ULTRACELL INSULATION, LLC | SBIR.gov



















Skip to main content






Home 
ULTRACELL INSULATION, LLC















Address

            23 MIDDLE RDSOUTH BRISTOL, ME, 04568-4517 http://ultracellinsulation.com 




Information



DUNS:
079090090


# of Employees:
6







Ownership Information



Hubzone Owned:
N


Socially and Economically Disadvantaged:
N


Woman Owned:
N









Award Charts



















Award Listing



                  Download
                  




Record 1 TO 2 








SBIR Phase I: Thermal Insulation from Paper Mill Wastes

                      Amount: $150,000.00                    


                        The broader impact/commercial potential of this Small Business Innovation Research Phase I project is the potential to produce superior, cost effective thermal insulation using paper mill short fiber  ...                      


SBIRPhase I2016National Science Foundation 


UltraCell- Advanced Cellulose Insulation

                      Amount: $100,000.00                    


                        Cellulose insulation is a well-established and $400M growing market. It is recognized for superior thermal insulating performance, its safety and its environmental benefits. UltraCell’s proprietary  ...                      


SBIRPhase I2014Environmental Protection Agency 





















Agency Micro-sites

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







An Official Website of the United States Government






