



Ulysses Management















Who We Are
Guiding Principles
Team
Our Strategies
Investment Criteria
Portfolio
Case Studies
Contact Us







Menu
Close







Ulysses Management LLC is a diversified investment firm with over $1 billion in capital under management. We follow a variety of investment strategies in pursuit of superior investment results over the long term.  The majority of the capital we manage belongs to our General Partners and their families, creating an uncommonly close alignment of interests in our investments with founders, entrepreneurs and management teams.






Who we are



Founded almost twenty years ago, Ulysses is the successor firm to Odyssey Partners, LP, the pioneering hedge fund formed in 1982 by Jack Nash and Leon Levy. Odyssey was an innovator in the development of the alternative investment market and made some of the earliest private equity investments almost 40 years ago when they were known as ‘boot strap’ investments.  This tradition of investment innovation continues within the Ulysses private equity group, which is one of our three principal areas of investment focus along with public market and real estate investments. 

Our private equity group has a broad and flexible investment mandate that allows us to pursue attractive opportunities as a sponsor, co-investor or limited partner.  Wherever we invest, whatever the industry or transaction size, our core philosophy is always the same: find companies with identifiable barriers to competition, partner with talented managers operating under the right incentives, forge long-term relationships built on accountability, trust, transparency and collaboration, and together we can create substantial value.


We do not invest out of a typical investment fund structure and consequently are not bound by traditional PE capital raising demands. Our capital is more durable and allows us to invest across 5-10 year business cycles, enabling us to be far more strategic and long-term oriented without the time pressures created by funds with typical short-term investment horizons. This appeals to both sellers (no stripping and flipping of their legacies) and to management teams (providing an opportunity to create meaningful wealth over a long period in a stable platform).  We believe the power of compounding has been lost in the private equity world in favor of the generation of fees for the sponsor.  At Ulysses, we earn our investment returns alongside our fellow owners, not in front of them.






Guiding principles



Value Investors
We are value investors. We build conviction by having a firm understanding of a company’s ‘reason to exist’. We are attracted to businesses with defensible, proven business models, enduring free cash flow, motivated management teams and deep customer relationships.  A central corollary to this philosophy is the avoidance of excessive borrowing or financial engineering to generate high risk equity returns. 


Partnership
We believe strongly in the benefits of partnership. We often deploy our capital alongside other like-minded investors, believing in the wisdom of multiple perspectives and the resiliency derived from additional human and capital resources.


Business Building
The power of compounding and thus longer term investment horizons is critical to our investment philosophy. This allows us to focus on real company building rather than financial engineering or quick flips. As a result, we prefer to measure our success in terms of return on investment instead of internal rates of return.



Operational Focus
An operational focus is critical to creating sustainable value in businesses. We routinely rely on a network of operating executives to develop proprietary insights into our investment opportunities. Through many years of experience building businesses and our ability to draw on the talents and knowledge of our operating executives, we can help companies enhance their core advantages and transcend their historical limitations.


Alignment of Interests
Ulysses is an unusual investment firm in that our General Partners and their families have contributed the majority of our capital under management and it represents a meaningful portion of their net worth; we subscribe to the notion of ”eating your own cooking”. We have the ability to hold investments as long as we are the logical owner; there is no artificial or external pressure caused by fund raising cycles.


Value Creation
We work in close partnership with exceptional management teams and provide capital, vision, and operating resources to help build and strengthen the companies in which we invest. We are particularly focused on adding greater intelligence to the companies we invest in, which we define as: (1) creating a data driven culture; and (2) increasing the technology quotient of our products and services to improve the customer experience.






The Team





Paul D. BarnettManaging Director


Paul D. Barnett, Managing Director
Mr. Barnett heads the Private Equity Group of Ulysses Management LLC. Prior to joining Ulysses, he was a founder and managing principal of Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC, a private equity firm with more than $4 billion under management. From 1993 to 1997, he was a principal in the private equity group at Odyssey Partners, LP. Prior to Odyssey, Mr. Barnett was a managing director at Mancuso & Co. and an investment banker at Kidder, Peabody & Co. He received his BA in economics from McGill University in 1984.





Toby RandoManaging Director


Toby Rando, Managing Director
Mr. Rando joined Ulysses in 2005. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Rando was an associate at JP Morgan Partners, where he managed middle market private equity investments. Prior to JP Morgan Partners, he was an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston in the Leveraged Finance Group, where he focused on financings and advisory services for corporate and financial sponsor clients. Mr. Rando received his BA in history from Harvard University in 1998.





Stephen CloughSenior Operating Executive


Stephen Clough, Senior Operating Executive
Mr. Clough provides insight into the operations of Ulysses’ investment opportunities. He has served as CEO of several manufacturing businesses including Fairfield Manufacturing, Motorcoach Industries, and New World Pasta. From 1987 to 1998, he served as CEO, President, and COO of Kaydon Corp. (NYSE:KDN), a custom engineering company. Mr. Clough was responsible for growing Kaydon from a small $20mm company into a public company valued at over $1 billion. Mr. Clough received his B.Eng (honors) in production engineering from Brunel University in London in 1975 and is a Chartered Engineer.


 





OUR STRATEGIES



We invest in profitable, well-established companies with tangible competitive advantages. Our investment philosophy is to seek out opportunities born through change – change created by fundamental industry trends, economic cycles or specific company circumstances. Frequently, our investment serves as a catalyst to manage the transition from a founder/entrepreneur leadership to a professional management team.  As a sponsor, we seek to drive expanded market presence, improved profitability and a steepened growth trajectory in our portfolio companies.


Ulysses invests across a broad range of industries and geographies. Our goal is to help management teams build long-term value that benefits all stakeholders. We structure our private equity investments based on each company’s circumstances and generally seek to invest in established businesses requiring equity capital of between $10 and $50 million. For larger transactions, we have co-invested in partnership with other family offices or like-minded sponsors.





Recurring Revenue Investments

Razor / razorblade business models
Large installed base of productive field assets
Specialty leasing companies with high customer service
Manufacturers with high aftermarket content
Compelling value proposition to customers (and often high switching costs) resulting in low churn/attrition rates
Attractive return on capital and durability across economic cycles


"Macro Theme" Investments

Companies in industries undergoing fundamental secular change due to powerful, long term, forces
Opportunity to invest across decade plus cycles with sustained tailwind
Examples of fundamental macro themes that are upending a broad range of industries would include: the premiumization of consumer products, technology-driven business intelligence, and the privatization of public services.



Portfolio Company Management
We work closely with management teams to create stronger and more resilient businesses.  Core aptitudes include:

Deploying technology to increase insight or improve customer experience
Establishing business processes and a metric driven decision making culture
Recruiting high caliber management teams
Investing in new products, infrastructure, and strategic acquisitions
Navigating increasingly complex regulatory environments







Investment Criteria




Metric
Criteria


Size of Investment
Up to $50 million equity investment, with the willingness to co-invest in partnership with other like-minded investors for larger transactions


Size of Target Company
> $10 million of EBITDA for platforms, no minimum for add-ons


Control
Highly preferred


Investment Stage
Primarily profitable, established businesses


Transaction Types
LBOs, recapitalizations, growth equity, acquisitions, and public equities (in rare cases)


Typical Hold Period
Long term (3-15 years)



Geography
Primarily U.S.






Portfolio






Artisanal Brewing Ventures
We provide management advice, assistance and vision to a select but growing list of independent craft brewers and distillers.






Communications Capital Group LLC
Aggregator and manager of long term ground leases beneath cellular towers and rooftop antennas.






Community National Bank
Community bank serving commercial and individual clients in Long Island, New York.






Electric Guard Dog
Largest owner and operator of monitored electric security fences in the United States, protecting untitled outdoor property from theft and vandalism.






Ice House America
Leading manufacturer and franchisor of ice vending machines in the United States.






Lancashire Insurance Group
Provider of specialty insurance and reinsurance products worldwide.






NYJD Los Angeles
Leading designer and marketer of upscale jeans targeting average sized women.






Polyconcept
Largest promotional products company in Europe and the United States.






Southern Tier
Craft brewery based in upstate New York






United Site Services
Provider of portable restroom rental, temporary fence, and other site services in the United States.






Victory Brewing Company
Craft brewery based outside of Philadelphia, PA






Williams Scotsman
Leading provider of permanent modular structures, such as mobile offices and trailers, in the United States, Mexico, and Canada.


 
Includes investments led by Ulysses professionals at previous funds.




Case Studies



Communications Capital Group LLCAggregator and manager of long term ground leases beneath cellular towers and rooftop antennas.Acquires long term (40 year average) lease streams from wireless carriers and tower companies to landlords through lump sum payments at attractive yields (mid teens unlevered IRRs).Nationwide, multi-channel origination platform consisting of independent retailers, affiliated brokers, inside sales, and an in-house call center.Founded in 2007 and based in Atlanta, GA.Ulysses acquired majority ownership in 2010.
AccomplishmentsCreated ground lease aggregation industry’s most efficient origination platform.Ratio of originations to expenses was approximately 2x CCG’s closest competitor, driven by a multi-channel originations strategy.Variable cost structure minimized fixed expenses and reduced pressure to underwrite marginal deals.Made significant investments in sales efforts to drive greater origination capabilities and efficiency. Installed new CRM, providing far greater forward visibility and improving pipeline management.Adopted multi-channel approach through creation of direct sales force to complement exclusive broker community.Created data mining group to improve quality of leads and conversion ratios.Executed sponsored programs with AT&T and T-Mobile to partner on select opportunities.Built best in class portfolio of leases.Adopted industry’s most stringent underwriting criteria, yielding extremely high credit quality across the portfolio.Exited the investment through the sale of the origination platform and lease portfolio to two separate financial investors.


Electric Guard DogLargest owner and operator of monitored electric security fences in the United States with dominant market share.EGD protects untitled outdoor property from theft and vandalism at over 3,000 sites. It installs fences at no upfront cost to its customers and charges monthly fees under multi-year contracts. EGD retains ownership in its fences and services them through its national technician network.Founded in 1973 and headquartered in Columbia, S.C.Ulysses acquired majority ownership in 2007 from EGD’s founder, who retained an ownership interest and is a Board member.
AccomplishmentsTransitioned from entrepreneur leadership to professional management team.With founder’s input and collaboration, complemented existing team with talented new hires.Invested heavily in SG&AQuadrupled SG&A expense to professionalize business and support data-driven decision making.Enhanced business operationsRealigned organization along functional lines.Implemented key processes and procedures including new financial reporting, ERP and CRM systems.Expanded all customer-facing functionsBuilt outside sales team.Upgraded geographic reach and service level of dedicated field service network.Created headquarters-based customer service team to improve customer satisfaction.Instituted value pricingBuilt case to raise new and existing prices to reflect value of service offering and executed with virtually no associated customer attrition.Provided subsequent liquidity to founder to aid in estate planning.


Ice House AmericaLeading manufacturer and franchisor of ice vending machines in the United States. IHA also owns and operates ice vending machines in four states.Market leader with over 3,000 installed units, materially more than all other vended ice competitors combined. System commands estimated 4% share of $2.5 billion packaged ice market.Disruptive technology for retail ice distribution with materially lower operating costs than incumbent centralized production and distribution model.Founded in 2003 and headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.Ulysses acquired Ice House America in 2011 from its founder, who retained an equity stake and served as Chairman of the Board.
AccomplishmentsTransitioned leadership from founders to professional management.Created senior sales, marketing, engineering & operations, and network services positions.Transformed distribution system.Converted to franchise system, providing superior economics and greater control.Built in-house sales team.Launched new products to access new channels and partnership opportunities.Broadens product portfolio to capture a range of ice purchase occasions.Deepened relationship with existing customers.Implemented program to build relationships and improve communications with existing customers.Created on-line tools to harness unit-level data.Improves owner experience through real-time analytics and diagnostic tools.Facilitates product design and technical support.

 







One Rockefeller Plaza20th FloorNew York, NY 10020T. 212.455.6237F. 212.455.6281info@ulyss.com






© 2014 Ulysses Management LLC. All Rights Reserved




















 













 






ULYSSES MANAGEMENT LLC New York NY, 10020 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Securities, Commodity Brokers, and Services
Ulysses Management LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Ulysses Management LLC



1 Rockefeller Plz, Fl 20

New York,
							
							
							 NY
							
							
							 10020-2017
							
							 |  view map


(212) 455-6237

www.ulyssesmgmt.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

ULYSSES MANAGEMENT LLC is in the Services Allied With the Exchange of Securities or Commodities, N.E.C. industry in New York, NY.  This company currently has approximately 50 to 100 employees  and  annual sales of Over $1,000,000,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Headquarters
					

Industry:
						Services Allied With the Exchange of Securities or Commodities, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						1994
					

Sales Range:
						Over $1,000,000,000
					

Employees:
						50 to 100


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase

Yes



Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Coats Electric CO Inc


Barnes & Noble


RAM Enterprises Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Ideal Construction CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Hammer & CO


Walbro








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
•


								4.2
							


							( Based on
							
							5
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								5
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Ulysses Management LLC
Rate Ulysses Management LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Ulysses Management LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLTAIRE
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
VOGUE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
CONTORNO INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
ADVENT I LLC
GOODY 2 SHOES
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
AZURADISC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
PANALPINA INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Paul Barnett, Ulysses Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Paul Barnett

Managing Director,
Ulysses Management LLC






Career History




Managing Director
Ulysses Management LLC, 2/2005-PRESENT


Founder
Odyssey Investment Partners LLC, PRESENT


Managing Principal/Founder
Odyssey Investment Partners LLC, 1997-2004


Principal
Odyssey Partners LP, 1993-1997


Managing Director
Mancuso & Company, FORMER


Investment Banker
Kidder Peabody & Co Inc, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Mcgill University
Bachelor's Degree, Economics, 1984








Memberships



Board Memberships




Sentry Security Holdings LLC


Board Member, PRESENT




Communications Capital Group


Board Member, PRESENT




Presair LLC


Chairman, PRESENT




Ice House America LLC


Chairman, PRESENT




Egd Security Systems LLC


Chairman, PRESENT




AV Homes Inc


Board Member, 2/2012-PRESENT




Avatar Holdings Inc


Board Member, 5/2007-2/2012




Eagle Food Centers Inc


Board Member, FORMER



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Ulysses Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:54 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Ulysses Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ulysses Management LLC is an employee owned investment manager. It provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. The firm manages hedge funds and separate client-focused portfolios. The firm invests in public equity, fixed income, real estate, and alternative asset markets across the globe. Ulysses Management LLC was founded in 1997, and is based in New York, New York.


One Rockefeller Plaza20th FloorNew York, NY 10020United StatesFounded in 1997



Phone: 212 455 6237

Fax: 212 455 6281

www.ulyssesmgmt.com







Key Executives for Ulysses Management LLC




Mr. Joshua Lionel Nash


      	President
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Paul D. Barnett


      	Managing Director
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Eric Squire


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Adam Gabriel Hurwich


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 55
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 6, 2016
			    
IntraLinks Holdings, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ulysses Management LLC, please visit www.ulyssesmgmt.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Ulysses Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Atlantic Capital Bancshares, Inc.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology












See more news on Hedge Funds




        Ulysses Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Atlantic Capital Bancshares, Inc.    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Jun 15, 2017                         - RelSci Data Update                

          Institutional Holdings Changes      




Background Information:


Ulysses Management LLC »
Ulysses Management provides investment management services to four private investment funds and to a separately managed account. The funds invest in hedge funds and marketable securities. Two of the funds invest in other hedge funds, in accounts advised by unaffiliated investment advisors and in marketable securities of all kinds. Two of the funds invest in illiquid investments such as real estate, private equity and real estate funds and private companies in across an array of industries. They also advise a special purpose vehicle that invests in the same vehicle as one of the funds in an illiquid private equity investment. Ulysses Management serves as investment manager for a private foundation that is invested in one private investment in a real estate fund.For investments with other managers in hedge funds or in separately managed accounts, Ulysses seeks to construct a portfolio which employs a broad range of investing strategies, including, without limitation: long positions in securities of companies believed to be attractive investments; short positions in securities of companies believed to be overvalued and/or whose market share, fundamentals or other characteristics are deteriorating; option strategies, trading tactics or other approaches designed to benefit from market declines, volatility or securities appreciation; arbitrage strategies designed to benefit from market inefficiencies; investing in distressed and high-yield debt, and  commodities or futures trading strategies designed to benefit from anticipated movements in interest rates, currencies, or stock indices.For direct investments, the firm seeks opportunities in equities, fixed-income and foreign exchange instruments when they identify fundamentals-based opportunities for capital appreciation. Positions may be unwound in a matter of days, weeks or months or may be maintained for several years.Ulysses seeks to invest in private companies, real estate investments and private funds that invest in a broad range of industries and geographies.




In The News:




                            Ulysses Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Match Group, Inc.                            


                            May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            Ulysses Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc.                            


                            May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            Ulysses Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Liberty Interactive Corp.                            


                            May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                        









Ulysses Management LLC »
Ulysses Management provides investment management services to four private investment funds and to a separately managed account. The funds invest in hedge funds and marketable securities. Two of the funds invest in other hedge funds, in accounts advised by unaffiliated investment advisors and in marketable securities of all kinds. Two of the funds invest in illiquid investments such as real estate, private equity and real estate funds and private companies in across an array of industries. They also advise a special purpose vehicle that invests in the same vehicle as one of the funds in an illiquid private equity investment. Ulysses Management serves as investment manager for a private foundation that is invested in one private investment in a real estate fund.For investments with other managers in hedge funds or in separately managed accounts, Ulysses seeks to construct a portfolio which employs a broad range of investing strategies, including, without limitation: long positions in securities of companies believed to be attractive investments; short positions in securities of companies believed to be overvalued and/or whose market share, fundamentals or other characteristics are deteriorating; option strategies, trading tactics or other approaches designed to benefit from market declines, volatility or securities appreciation; arbitrage strategies designed to benefit from market inefficiencies; investing in distressed and high-yield debt, and  commodities or futures trading strategies designed to benefit from anticipated movements in interest rates, currencies, or stock indices.For direct investments, the firm seeks opportunities in equities, fixed-income and foreign exchange instruments when they identify fundamentals-based opportunities for capital appreciation. Positions may be unwound in a matter of days, weeks or months or may be maintained for several years.Ulysses seeks to invest in private companies, real estate investments and private funds that invest in a broad range of industries and geographies.






In The News:




 


                                                    Ulysses Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Match Group, Inc.                                                





                                     May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    Ulysses Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc.                                                





                                     May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    Ulysses Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Liberty Interactive Corp.                                                





                                     May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                                








See more news on Hedge Funds









You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Ulysses Asset Management LLC - About Us





































						
							Ulysses Asset Management, LLC
						
					







						
							Moving ahead, together.
						
					

































At Ulysses Asset Management, we are focused on providing  financial management services with the highest levels of customer satisfaction & we will do everything we can to meet your expectations.
With a variety of offerings to choose from, we're sure you'll be happy working with us. Look around our website and if you have any comments or questions, please feel free to contact us. I am looking forward to working with you and helping your business move forward. Best regards, Lise R.













Why us?








We are a small boutique financial management services company providing hands on customer service for your company's financial management needs. Our fees are below market costs, because our goal is to help you attain your financial goals.  























Ulysses Asset Management, LLC
Moving ahead, together.

					
					
					
					Maryland
					
						
							United States
						
					
					21703
			
© 2017 Ulysses Asset Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.



Nonprofit Services

Accounting Bookkeeping Services

Business Planning Services

Interim CFO


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Ulysses Management LLC                                                                                                   - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Management Consulting Services



Management Consulting Services



                            Ulysses Management LLC
                                    



 





















U 


Ulysses Management LLC                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 ROCKEFELLER PLZ FL 20 NEW YORK, NY 10020
Get Directions



(212) 455-6200
www.ulyssesmgmt.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 1997
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $23,537,661.00
 Employee Count 41
 Industries Management Consulting Services
 Contacts Joshua Nash                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1997, Ulysses Management Llc                                                                                                   has been providing Management Consulting Services from New York. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







U

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














