



Under Armour, Inc. - Product Innovation
























































Gateway to UA.com























 







 






            Jump to date:
            
            	1996 | 
            	1997 | 
            	1998 | 
            	2002 | 
            	2003 | 
            	2004 | 
            	2005 | 
            	2006 | 
            	2007 | 
            	2008 | 
            	2009 | 
            	2010 | 
            	2011 | 
            	2012 | 
            	2013 | 
            	2014 | 
            	2015 | 
            	2016





ORIGINAL #0039 COMPRESSION T

It all started with an idea to build a superior T-shirt...
In 1996, Under Armour was born with the original 0039 Compression T-shirt that boosts muscle performance and wicks moisture, keeping athletes cool, dry, and light.







Coldgear Mock 

	Because temperature doesn't stop an athlete from training...

	The original Under Armour® ColdGear® Mock gave athletes the ability to battle the elements with a soft, brushed inner layer that circulates heat and an element- battling outer layer that keeps you dry and protected.

Turfgear Gearline


		The long sleeve version of our Heat Gear. The reinforced sleeves protect arms from abrasion and burns while giving you the ‘tight look’ and performance of the teams that wear Under Armour on Sundays.

		Cool, dry and totally protected.


	o   Lightweight design

	o   Moisture Transport System

	o   Second-skin design

	o   Reinforced turf sleeve

	o   LockerTag technology

	 








LooseGear 


		The most comfortable T-shirt you have ever worn. The microfiber fabric pulls moisture off of your skin keeping you cool and dry. The perfect oversized T-shirt for training.


Jog Bra #0034 


		Reliable support and comfort.


Grippie sleeves (00326G “Grippie” LS Turfshirt) 


		Molded rubber grippie sleeves on forearms and biceps for a better grip on the ball or your opponent. 









Performance grey 


		Combines our Moisture Transport System with your broken-in gray T-shirt. It’s the pure prototype, taken form the technicians before any treatments or dyes could be applied. What you get is the feel of loose cotton AND Under Armour performance.


Men’s performance underwear (0066 SportBrief, 0067 BoxerBrief, 0068 BoxerShort) 


		We took the exclusive Under Armour fabric, a lightweight and silky blend engineered for breathability and moisture transport, and added four-way stretch to give it reliable recovery all day long, wash after wash. The result? No more binding, no more sweat-soaked, irritable drawers. Just cool, dry comfort and support. 






First women's line



		When Under Armour was ready to roll out a full line for women, we consulted some of the best female athletes in the world. We tested for sizing and performance, we surveyed for comfort and style. After years of research and development, Under Armour introduced Women’s Performance Gear exclusively sized, fitted and designed for athletic women.


	 








Youth line 


		The Under Armour Youth Collection offers the performance of the Under Armour fabric in a smaller size, designed to fit tight while providing the safety and moisture management to protect against the dangerous overheating kids typically experience while wearing cotton T-shirts in hot weather.


Power in Pink line


		The UA Power in Pink line celebrates the many women who use fitness and exercise to stay healthy, and serves as a platform to help raise awareness about breast health. As a result of the line’ success, UA was able to commit a gift of $10 million to create the Under Armour Breast Health Innovation Center in the Skip Viragh Cancer Outpatient Building at Johns Hopkins Hospital. The collection carries everything from performance wear to accessories, ensuring that women can be always be powerful in pink. 









		MPZ (Modular Protection Zone) technology builds ultralight, ultra-durable protection into our moisture wicking HeatGear line. Bolstered padding with an abrasion-resistant outer layer, built into the key contact zones. 





First football cleat


Armour Fleece


		Armour Fleece revolutionized the way athletes move in the cold. The signature Armour Fleece fabrication combines a soft, brushed inner layer with a smooth, fast-drying outer layer, while a comfortable interior traps heat for complete warmth without the bulk of a winter coat. Athletes can stay cozy and agile as they exercise outside, no matter what temperatures they’re facing. 





Softball cleated footwear



		Men’s and women’s cleated footwear launched together in 2007, with quite a few styles.









Performance outerwear 


		Our outerwear is designed from the inside out with signature Under Armour construction: lightweight, durable, and quiet fabrics, stretch built in where you need it most, and protection from the elements. Worn with your base and mid layers, UA Outerwear lets you perform at your peak on any terrain, in any condition.


New Prototype non-cleated training shoe


		UA’s New Prototypes leave everything behind. This state-of-the-art, non-cleated training shoe speaks to athletes who train to compete at a higher level than the competition and play to win. 








Performance running footwear 


		Now we’re applying the principles that launched the performance apparel industry to deliver performance footwear. Cleats that maximize moisture transport, agility and support, while minimizing weight.


Recharge Suit


		The revolutionary compression fit helps muscles recover quicker so you're back to 100% faster than ever. 50% less soreness, 50% less fatigue, and 30% more power after a workout or game. That's exactly what the Recharge® suit was built to give you.









Team USA Olympic Bobsled Speed Suit

	The one-piece speed suit was custom designed for the 2010 Olympic Bobsled teams using a unique design of Under Armour ColdGear® compression fabric.

	The suit keeps the athletes warm, dry, and light on the track by wicking moisture away from their bodies. The suit also supports muscles with strategic compression that's highly mobile to boost strength and maintain a full range of motion.

Micro G basketball shoes 

	The end of old-school foam cushioning. It’s practically weightless and incredibly low to the ground, which gives you quickness. Lethal quickness.

	o   It’s lighter than traditional foams, so you move faster.

	o   It’s lower than traditional foams, so you cut quicker.

	o   It’s bouncier than traditional foams, so you elevate higher.

	o   It’s stronger than traditional foams, so you feel cushioned longer.

Coreshorts

	With technology years in the making, the revolutionary design of the UA Coreshorts supports your entire core and boosts performance, so you run your fastest and beat your man down the field, court, or ice every time. 





Armour39™ COMPRESSION SHIRT (formerly known as E39)


Armour39 Compression Shirt (Formerly Known as E39) 

	The UA Armour39™ is an Under Armour compression shirt fitted with electronic touchpoints that track the body's natural biometric signals and send them to a tiny device on the front of the shirt that we call "The Bug." The Bug easily transmits data to a computer, where trainers, coaches, and the athlete can review it and react to help the athlete constantly get better.

Charged Cotton

	In '96, we changed the game and built a better T-shirt with our sweat-wicking, fast-drying synthetic. After years of declaring cotton is the enemy, the Brand took what Mother Nature made and made it better. Charged Cotton® has the comfort of cotton, but dries much faster and performs with an athlete's boby.

Charged Cotton Storm

	It's everything you love about cotton—but a lot better. Old school cotton soaks up water like a sponge and weighs you down. UA Charged Cotton® Storm is water-resistant, so you stay warm, dry, and fast. Now, whether you're on the mountain, running, practicing, or playing, you don't have to worry about the weather.








Coldblack  

	UA uses coldblack® technology, a revolutionary fabric that reflects even the nastiest heat. So whether you're running a marathon in the desert or just playing 18 holes in the summer heat, black out the sun... and stay cool, dry & protected.

UA Spine Venon Running Shoe 

	Lightweight cushioning. Flexible support. UA Spine technology gives athletes every advantage in one system: light, responsive cushioning with flexible but supportive comfort. You'll never have to sacrifice cushioning for stability ever again.

UA Highlight cleat

	Super-High. Ridiculously light. No more tape. No more extra weight. Just shockingly light, super-streamlined, fully locked in speed. That's what you get from UA CompFit® technology. With incredible support and feel around your ankle, you'll be able to fly downfield better than ever.

The Armour Bra

	The revolutionary Armour Bra™® has ended every woman's fight with her sports bra. The Armour Bra™ lets you choose both your band and cup size, so it fits your body perfectly. Now, instead of squeezing into a small or falling out of a large, you've got a bra that feels like it was made just for you. In other words...it's perfect.








UA C1N MC, Cam Newton’s Signature Cleat

	Super-High. Impossible to stop. Build for Cam Newton, the QB of the future. The shoe’s Icy Diamond synthetic upper offers durability in a sleep, go-fast design, while the molded 4D Foam footbed reduces cleat pressure and forms to the foot for optimal comfort. This convergence of brand-new technologies means you can join Cam Newton and usher in a new caliber of performance footwear.

UA Speedform

	With the UA Speedform, we destroyed the rules of footwear construction. This is what fast feels like, only the originators of performance apparel could make the ultimate performance ”moon shot” a running shoe that actually fits. We took inspiration from spacesuits and paired it with the material innovation of a bra to create the seamless heel cup… the holy grail of fit.








Mag Zip

	We fixed zippers! Closure clicks & holds together for easy, struggle-free zipping that can survive even your toughest outdoor adventure.

Curry One

	Steph Curry made his UA debut with the Curry One, a basketball shoe designed to forever change the game. The Charged Cushioning absorbs impact and converts it into responsive quickness, while the AnaFoam upper delivers body-mapped fit, lightweight structure, and support. Each Curry One features Curry’s signature SC30 logo and the quote “I CAN DO ALL THINGS” written on the padded mesh tongue.

UA Clutchfit 

	ClutchFit Technology, a second skin of advantage that activates under pressure, locking you in with superior fit and feel. We took our signature compression technology—the stuff beloved by athletes everywhere—and we added our exclusive new Clutchfit pattern. It expands and contracts to form to the contours of your body, both at rest and in motion. It doesn’t just fit you…it fits how you move. 







Roots of fight collection 

	Introducing the Roots of Fight Boxing Collection, a collaboration between Roots of Fight and Under Armour. This partnership pays tribute to the pioneers of preparation. It’s a celebration of a level of hard work most people can’t even comprehend, but every single person in the world respects. #IWILL

UA Record 

	Making good on its promise to break into wearable tech, Under Armour launched UA Record, the world’s definitive health and fitness network dedicated to helping you lead a healthier life. You can track, analyze, and share your fitness activity with the first ever social network for athletes and fitness enthusiasts. By simply connecting your fitness device with a family of health and wellness apps, you can monitor your activity, sleep, workouts, and nutrition, all with the touch of a button.

Curry Two 

	Precision fit. Responsive cushioning. Maximum control. Control the game with the seamless precision fit and quick feel of the Curry Two’s speedform technology. The shoe’s heel and midfoot shanks lock in stability through the heel and eliminate sliding. Charged Cushioning absorbs impact throughout the entire shoe and converts it into a responsive burst to make your first step and every change of direction explosive. The Curry Two turned rookies into All-Stars with real innovation that works.

Fat Tire GTX Shoe

	The Fat Tire Gore-Tex Shoe can turn even the most unforgiving mountain terrain into your new playground.  In 2015 this shoe won the “Outside Gear Of The Show” award inspired by the tires used on fat bikes, which run at lower PSI and bounce over tough terrain, giving riders the ability to go through anything and everything. That versatility is now available to all athletes, thanks to the shoe’s 100% waterproof Gore-Tex construction and Michelin Wild Gripper outsole.

Drive One Golf Shoe

	Combine lightweight breathability and aggressive power with the UA Drive One Golf Shoe. Performance microfiber uppers treated with Outdry® waterproofing deliver comfort in any conditions. Removable dual density sockliners combine with Micro G® midsole foam to create support through the stroke. Anatomically engineered outsoles fitted with CHAMP® Zarma Tour® spikes generate superior traction to offer game-changing support and style.







Coolswitch 

	Cool Switch cools your body & skin so you can perform longer. As you heat up and sweat, the “crystal” pattern inside your shirt activates, drawing heat away from your body and cooling your skin at the same time. The innovation has been proven to keep you cooler and empower you to perform longer. When everyone else is falling off, you just “flip the switch” and keep going hard.

ColdGear Reactor Jacket  

	You can stay warm in even the coldest weather with the Under Armour ColdGear Reactor Jacket. Its intelligent insulation adapts to any activity for non-stop comfort and total versatility, and UA’s exclusive MagZip closure clicks and holds together for easy, struggle-free zipping.  With built-in wind-resistant and water-repelling technology, Mother Nature will never cramp your style, or your workout, again.

Swacket Platform

	UA’s latest outerwear innovation is part sweatshirt, part jacket, all performance. Its dual layer, wind-resistant fleece keeps you warm, while its water-resistant UA Storm technology keeps you dry. The exposes fleece hood repels water without sacrificing breathability, and the woven overlays add protection and hold in warmth. The Swacket is your new go-to for a stellar performance outside of the gym, whatever the weather.

Speedform Slingshot 

	Back in 2014, Under Armour’s footwear team was given a challenge. Analyze the world’s fastest runners…and make them even faster. In other words: defy the limits of speed. NASA-born Dyneema—the world’s strongest fiber—is woven into the upper. It’s stronger than steel but so light that it floats on water. Below that, the team built a Pebax propulsion plate into the midsole. Like a launching pad, it maximizes energy at toe-off for explosive movement. 







 












Under Armour, Inc. - Who Makes Our Products






















































Gateway to UA.com














 

 




 


Who Makes Our Products


Many of the specialty fabrics used in our products are technically advanced textile products developed by third parties.  The fabric used to manufacture our products is sourced by our manufacturers from suppliers pre-approved by us. 
Substantially all of our products are manufactured by unaffiliated manufacturers.  In 2006, our products were primarily manufactured in Asia, Central and South America and Mexico.  All manufacturers are evaluated for quality systems, social compliance and financial strength by our quality assurance team prior to being selected on an ongoing basis.  We strive to qualify multiple manufacturers where appropriate for particular product types and fabrications.  We also actively seek out vendors that can perform multiple manufacturing stages, such as procuring fabric and providing finished products, helping us to reduce the cost of goods sold.  We enter into a variety of agreements all of our manufacturers, including non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements, and we require that all of our manufacturers adhere to a code of conduct regarding quality of manufacturing and working conditions and other social concerns.  We do not, however, have any long-term agreements requiring us to utilize any manufacturer, and no manufacturer is required to produce our products in the long term.
We also manufacture a limited number of products in our quick turn, Special Make-Up Shop, located at our distribution facility in Glen Burnie, MD.  This 17,000 square-foot shop is stocked with our fabric in multiple colors to help build and ship products on tight deadlines for high-profile athletes, leagues, and teams.  While the products manufactured in the quick turn, Special Make-Up Shop represent an immaterial portion of our total net revenues, we believe the facility helps us to provide superior service to select customers.







 









Under Armour Inc (UA)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Under Armour Inc (UA)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerApparel & Accessories












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				UA on New York Consolidated


				18.26USD
24 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.58


					            (-3.08%)
					        






Prev Close

$18.84


Open

$18.60




Day's High

$18.76


Day's Low

$18.23




Volume

8,232,807


Avg. Vol

3,541,880




52-wk High

$42.94


52-wk Low

$17.05












					Full Description



Under Armour, Inc., incorporated on July 01, 1996, is engaged in the development, marketing and distribution of branded performance apparel, footwear and accessories for men, women and youth. The Company's segments include North America, consisting of the United States and Canada; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific; Latin America, and Connected Fitness. The Company's products are sold across the world and worn by athletes at all levels, from youth to professional, on playing fields around the globe, as well as by consumers with active lifestyles.The Company sells its branded apparel, footwear and accessories in North America through its wholesale and direct to consumer channels. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately 151 factory house stores in North America primarily located in outlet centers throughout the United States. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had 18 brand house stores in North America. In addition, the Company distributes its products in North America through third-party logistics providers with primary locations in Canada, New Jersey and Florida. The Company sells its apparel, footwear and accessories primarily through wholesale customers, Website operations, independent distributors and a limited number of stores that it operates in certain European countries. It also sells its branded products to various sports clubs and teams in Europe. It distributes its products to retail customers and e-commerce consumers in Europe through a third-party logistics provider. It sells its apparel, footwear and accessories primarily through independent distributors in the Middle East and Africa. The Company sells its apparel, footwear and accessories products in China, South Korea, and Australia through stores operated by its distribution and wholesale partners, along with Website operations and stores it operates. It also sells its products to distributors in New Zealand, Taiwan, Hong Kong and other countries in Southeast Asia. It distributes its products in Asia-Pacific primarily through a third-party logistics provider based out of Hong Kong. It sells its products in Mexico, Chile and Brazil through wholesale customers, Website operations and brand and factory house stores. In these countries, the Company operates through third-party distribution facilities. In other Latin American countries, the Company distributes its products through independent distributors, which are sourced through its international distribution hubs in Hong Kong, Jordan and the United States.ApparelThe Company's apparel is offered in various styles and fits to regulate body temperature and improve performance regardless of weather conditions. Its three gearlines include HEATGEAR, COLDGEAR and ALLSEASONGEAR. Within each gearline, its apparel comes in three primary fit types: compression (tight fit), fitted (athletic fit) and loose (relaxed). HEATGEAR is designed to be worn in warm to hot temperatures under equipment or as a single layer. COLDGEAR is designed to wick moisture from the body while circulating body heat from hot spots to help maintain core body temperature. Its COLDGEAR apparel provides both dryness and warmth in a single light layer that can be worn beneath a jersey, uniform, protective gear or ski-vest. ALLSEASONGEAR is designed to be worn in between extreme temperatures and uses technical fabrics to keep the wearer cool and dry in warmer temperatures while preventing a chill in cooler temperatures.FootwearThe Company's footwear offerings include running, basketball, cleated, slides and performance training, and outdoor footwear. Its footwear is designed with technologies, including Anafoam, UA Clutch Fit and Charged Cushioning, which provide directional cushioning and moisture management.AccessoriesThe Company's accessories primarily include the sale of athletic performance gloves, bags and headwear. Its accessories include HEATGEAR and COLDGEAR technologies.Connected FitnessThe Company offers digital fitness platform licenses and subscriptions, along with digital advertising. It offers digital advertising through its MapMyFitness, MyFitnessPal, Endomondo and UA Record applications.The Company competes with Nike and adidas.

» Full Overview of UA







					Company Address



Under Armour Inc
1020 Hull St Fl 3BALTIMORE   MD   21230-5356
P: +1410.4546758







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Kevin Plank

2,033,580




							 Patrik Frisk

--




							 David Bergman

--




							 Colin Browne

2,739,230




							 Jason LaRose

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Under Armour Inc News




BRIEF-Under Armour board approves amendments to bylaws to reflect fact roles of CEO, president will be held by separate individuals

Jun 27 2017 
BRIEF-Under Armour names Patrik Frisk president and COO of the company

Jun 27 2017 
BRIEF-Under Armour effective May 8 Kip Fulks, chief product officer, is assuming role of strategic advisor to co

May 08 2017 
Under Armour's smaller-than-expected loss eases investor fears

Apr 27 2017 
UPDATE 3-Under Armour's smaller-than-expected loss eases investor fears

Apr 27 2017 


» More UA  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerApparel & Accessories
























Under Armour, Inc. - About Under Armour






















































Gateway to UA.com














 

 




 


About Under Armour



	It started with a simple plan to make a superior T-shirt. A shirt that provided compression and wicked perspiration off your skin rather than absorb it. A shirt that worked with your body to regulate temperature and enhance performance.

	Founded in 1996 by former University of Maryland football player Kevin Plank, Under Armour is the originator of performance apparel - gear engineered to keep athletes cool, dry and light throughout the course of a game, practice or workout. The technology behind Under Armour's diverse product assortment for men, women and youth is complex, but the program for reaping the benefits is simple: wear HeatGear® when it's hot, ColdGear® when it's cold, and AllSeasonGear® between the extremes.

	Under Armour’s mission is to make all athletes better through passion, design and the relentless pursuit of innovation.








 














Product Designer at Under Armour, Inc.






















Skip Navigation


Under Armour Careers


Menu








Product Designer



88910 San Francisco, California


07/02/2017 Corporate

Apply Now
Save JobRemove Job
View Saved Jobs
Apply Later





Under Armour is all about performance. Because what we make empowers athletes in every form to push themselves, to turn good into great, and to stay hungry for whatever comes next. And this is exactly what we expect from each other.
Working with us means one key thing: no matter what you do, you see every day and every project as a chance to push your field forward. In every store and every office, we build teams where everyone is an MVP. And together we tackle every challenge head on. Because we work to push the gear, the game, and ourselves farther.
We’re looking for people who do more than good work.
We’re looking for the Best in Every Game.

 Under Armour is the chosen brand of this generation of athletes... and the athletes of tomorrow. We're about performance - in training and on game day, in blistering heat and bitter cold. Whatever the conditions, whatever the sport, Under Armour delivers the advantage athletes have come to demand.  That demand has created an environment of growth. An environment where building a great team is vital. An environment where doing whatever it takes is the baseline and going above and beyond to protect the Brand is commonplace.  The world's hungriest athletes live by a code, a pledge to themselves and everyone else: Protect This House... I Will.  Our goal is to Build A Great Team!  Will YOU…Protect This House?! Under Armour (MyFitnessPal) Under Armour’s San Francisco-based MyFitnessPal team seeks a product designer with experience and passion building apps and services that improve people’s lives. The team is nimble and has a direct impact defining experiences across mobile, web, wearables, apparel, voice, and more.  Apply if you:  have at least a 3-year track record as a designer collaborating with product owners, engineers, and others to regularly ship product, notably mobile experiences for iOS and Android  have a passion for how health and fitness can transform people’s lives  think beyond interfaces and product specs to user goals, journey maps, contexts, and systems  not only practice user-centered design but evangelize it  are both a strategic and conceptual thinker as well as a tactical and pragmatic practitioner who gets stuff done  are curious and love exploration but are truly a problem solver at heart  know when to uphold design conventions and when to break them  regularly wireframe, prototype, and validate work using the usual tools (e.g. Sketch, Invision, Framer, UserTesting)  have the ability to distill ideas, clearly communicate them, influence others, and build consensus  want to learn, grow, and elevate those around you  are the kind of person others want to work with  make awesome things, with a portfolio to prove it About Us MyFitnessPal is part of Under Armour Connected Fitness, the world’s largest digital fitness community, which also includes MapMyFitness, Endomondo, and UA Record. We help millions of people around the world reach their fitness goals.  Under Armour’s mission is to make all athletes better through passion, design and the relentless pursuit of innovation. It started with plan to make a superior t-shirt that provided compression and wicking. We have since grown into a leading sports brand, with a pantheon of sponsored athletes, including Misty Copeland, Michael Phelps, Stephen Curry, and Buster Posey.  Join us! At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.  Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.  

Apply Now




Share This Job

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+








see What's Here

Each of our locations have its own advantages. Check here to see the restaurants, schools, and more around this office.
See It Now





Sign Up For Job Alerts

Stay ready and on top with the latest career opportunities and UA news delivered right to your inbox.
Email AddressInterested InSearch for a category and select one from the list of suggestions. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert.CategoryLocationAddCorporate, San Francisco, California, United StatesRemoveRemove

Confirm Email













 Lighthouse

This is where we are growing. Where we are going to build what’s next. How we are making a major difference in the city that Under Armour calls home.

Learn More




 NextGen Fitness

Our connected fitness team does one thing: build the next generation of fitness technology.

Learn More

























Under Armour, Inc. - History
























































Gateway to UA.com























 







 






            Jump to date:
            
            	1996 - 1998 | 
            	1999 - 2001 | 
            	2002 - 2005 | 
            	2006 - 2010 | 
            	2011 - 2013 | 
            	2014 - 2016





1996 - 1998: It all started with an idea


	In 1996, Kevin Plank, a 23-year-old former University of Maryland special teams captain, turned an idea born on the football field into a new industry that changed the way athletes dress forever. Back in his playing days, Plank hated having to change his sweat-soaked cotton T-shirts over and over again during two-a-days. Knowing that there simply had to be something better, he set out to create a solution.

	Plank named his new company Under Armour, and after extensive research on the athletic benefits of synthetic fabrics, he designed the first Under Armour HeatGear® T-shirt, which he named the #0037. Engineered with moisture-wicking performance fibers, the shirt helps keep athletes cool, dry, and light in the most brutally hot conditions.

	Working from his grandmother's basement in Washington DC's Georgetown neighborhood, he traveled up and down the East Coast selling his revolutionary new product out of the trunk of his car. By the end of 1996, Plank made his first team sale, and Under Armour generated $17,000 in sales.

	In 1997, Under Armour introduced the now-famous ColdGear® fabric, which keeps athletes warm, dry, and light in cold conditions, and then the AllSeasonGear® line, which keeps athletes comfortable between the extremes.

	By the end of 1998, Under Armour outgrew grandma's basement and moved to an all-new headquarters and warehouse in Baltimore.





1999 - 2001: Defining Authenticity

In 1999, Under Armour played a supporting role in one of the year's most-talked about movies. Plank and his team signed on to supply product for the Oliver Stone film Any Given Sunday starring Al Pacino and Jamie Foxx. In the film, the football team wears Under Armour apparel and accessories in key scenes.
Realizing the incredible opportunity to leverage the exposure from Any Given Sunday, Plank bet big and bought his first print ad in ESPN the Magazine. A risk at the time, the move paid off, generating awareness and a $750,000 increase in sales.  For the first time since starting Under Armour, Plank officially put himself on the payroll.
Over the next two years, the Brand formed relationships with key retail partners and professional sports leagues [including Major League Baseball, the National Hockey League, and the Baltimore Marathon].




2002 - 2005: Will You Protect this House?


	In 2002, to support its continued growth, the Brand moved its global headquarters to an old soap factory in the Tide Point section of south Baltimore located on the historic Inner Harbor.

	With word of mouth growing every day, the Brand bet big again and launched its first-ever TV campaign. In 2003, the legendary Protect this House® TV commercial featured former University of Maryland football standout Eric "Big E" Ogbogu and a group of young athletes bringing the Brand's voice and overwhelming passion to life in a way no one had ever seen before. Protect This House became a rallying cry for athletes everywhere, it established the Brand as the authentic voice for the next generation, and it officially made Under Armour a household name.

	Under Armour officially launched its women's line, UA Women, in 2003. In 2004, the brand introduced lines specifically for boys' and girls' and Outdoor athletes. Under Armour Golf was introduced in 2005, and, in the same year, Under Armour signed its first all-school deal with Plank's alma mater, the University of Maryland.

	On November 18, 2005 Under Armour went public and became the first U.S.-based initial public offering in five years to double on its first day of trading.

	Less than 10 years after its launch, Under Armour ended the year with $281 million in revenue.





2006 - 2010: I Think You Hear Us Coming

In 2006, Under Armour set its sights on dressing the athlete from head to toe.
A new campaign, Click-Clack® launched the brand into the footwear business through the introduction of its first line of football cleats and the Brand captured a 23% share of the market in just the first year. On the heels of this enormous success, the Brand expanded its cleat business to include baseball, softball and lacrosse cleats.
In 2008, after nearly 12 years of providing technically advanced performance accessories and apparel, and less than two years removed from its foray into cleated footwear, Under Armour revealed its highly anticipated line of performance trainers marking its official entry into the athletic footwear market.
This period also marks the beginning of key additions to Under Armour's elite roster of world-class athletes, including future NFL Hall-of-Famer Ray Lewis, gold medal skier Lindsey Vonn, MMA World Champion Georges St-Pierre, and Brandon Jennings, the first US basketball player to go straight from high school to a European professional league. But that was just the beginning. By the end of 2010, the Brand added the most accomplished Olympian of all-time and Baltimore native Michael Phelps, two-time Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady, and a young tennis phenom named Sloane Stephens.
In the midst of launching new product lines and new athlete partnerships, Under Armour also opened its new European headquarters in the old Olympic Stadium in Amsterdam and built its first branded-retail store in Annapolis, MD.
In 2010, on the biggest stage in college football field, the Under Armour sponsored Auburn Tigers won the 2010 BCS Championship game, led by future Under Armour athlete and NFL Rookie of the year Cam Newton.
2010 ended with a truly incredible financial milestone as Under Armour surpassed $1 billion in annual revenue almost quadrupling revenues in a five-year period.




2011 - 2013: I Will


	Over the years, Under Armour has made significant strides in establishing a strong presence outside of the US. Through on-field partnerships with elite professional teams and players, the Brand gained enormous traction with athletes in Japan, Europe, Canada, and Latin America. The international footprint skyrocketed in 2011 when Under Armour opened its first-ever brand store in China and became the official technical partner to Tottenham Hotspur of the Barclays Premier League. The Tottenham Hotspur partnership is Under Armour's largest individual team deal to date.

	2011 is the same year the Brand ended a long-running feud with one of its biggest enemies: cotton. After years of declaring, "Cotton is the Enemy," Under Armour further cemented its reputation for relentless innovation by developing Charged Cotton®, a line of cotton apparel that dries fast and performs. From Charged Cotton came Charged Cotton Storm, which gives athletes the same quick-drying cotton with revolutionary water-resistant technology.

	In 2012 and 2013 two key Under Armour athletes celebrated monumental accomplishments. In the summer of 2012, on sports biggest international stage, Michael Phelps cemented his legacy as the most decorated Olympian off all time by winning seven medals and increasing his medal total to 22 including 18 gold medal performances. In January of 2013, Ray Lewis capped off his career as one of the game's best ever-defensive players by bringing home the second Super Bowl ring for the Baltimore Ravens.

	17 years after that first moisture-wicking T-shirt, Under Armour innovation took center stage once again with the launch of all-new Armour39™, the first-ever performance monitoring system that measures what matters most to an athlete: your WILLpower™.

	The Brand's mission is to make all athletes better through passion, design, and the relentless pursuit of innovation. Its commitment to that mission has led to countless game-changing products that give athletes an advantage.

	In college, Kevin Plank had an idea to help football players get better. Today, with revenue approaching $2 Billion, the Brand is widely recognized as a global leader in performance footwear, apparel, and accessories, and its commitment to making all athletes better drives its never-ending dedication to building tomorrow's next great innovation.





Over the years...2014 - 2016


	The Year of the Women was 2014, and UA’s most expansive global women’s campaign in company history took the country by storm. Featuring acclaimed ballerina Misty Copeland and supermodel Gisele Bundchen, “I Will What I Want” was a celebration of the strong, unstoppable women who defied expectations to achieve their dreams. This marked a crucial turning point for UA, as powerful female athletes felt more connected to the Brand than ever before.

	This was also the year that UA inked a $90 million deal with the Notre Dame fighting Irish, one of the nation’s most popular college football programs. The deal made headlines as the most valuable shoe and apparel contract in college sports history, and Kevin Plank referred to it as a “pinch-me moment” for the Brand.

	By the end of 2014, Under Armour was the second-largest sportswear brand in the U.S. But UA was determined to be more than just a global powerhouse—we wanted to give back. As part of the “Power in Pink Campaign,” UA pledged $10 million to the Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins Hospital to create the Under Armour LiveWell Center, a state-of-the-art, breast-health clinic.

	The Brand started strong in 2015 with the purchase of fitness app companies Endomondo and MyFitnessPal. With the technology in place, Under Armour launched UA Record, the world’s largest fitness platform and an online social hub for the everyday athlete. Today, with MyFitnessPal boasting over 200 million users, UA has been established as a company that doesn’t just change how athletes dress—we change how they live.  

	UA’s roster of elite athletes also saw unprecedented victory in 2015. Golfer Jordan Speith made history as the U.S. Open Champion and was named PGA’s Player of the Year. Misty Copeland became the first African-American ballerina to be promoted to Principal Dancer at the American Ballet Theater. All-Star Steph Curry took home the Most Valuable Player Award and the NBA Championship title. To celebrate UA’s family of triumphant underdogs, UA launched ‘Rule Yourself,’ a star-studded advertising campaign that immediately went viral.

	UA celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2016 by pushing tech innovation more than ever before. The Brand released its first smart shoe, the Speedform Gemini 2 Record Equipped. This wearable tech has transformed the way athletes exercise, and UA added three more shoes to the lineup before the year was out: Velociti, Gemini 3, and Europa. The Brand also upgraded UA Record with the launch of UA Health Box, a trio of products that work together to measure, monitor, and manage the factors that determine how you feel.

	Michael Phelps ended his record-breaking career at the Winter Games in Rio with five more gold medals and one silver. Phelps served as the centerpiece of Under Armour’s ‘Rule Yourself 2.0’ campaign, which earned national praise as Ad Week’s ‘Ad of the Year.’

	The Brand’s 20th year concluded with one final triumph: a 10-year uniform deal with Major League Baseball. By 2020, the stars of America’s favorite pastime will be decked out in Under Armour from head-to-toe.

	Perhaps most importantly, 2016 also marked the announcement of the expansion of Under Armour’s Global Headquarters in Baltimore City. This new, performance-driven campus aims to give UA the space it needs for relentless growth and innovation, while also transforming south Baltimore’s beautiful Port Covington’s shoreline and giving Baltimoreans a place to gather and connect. The development will not only create thousands of jobs, but also make good on the Brand’s promise to bring production closer to home. In addition, UA Lighthouse, the Brand’s new manufacturing and design innovation center in Port Covington, had its grand opening in June. 








 














Sr. Product Manager at Under Armour, Inc.






















Skip Navigation


Under Armour Careers


Menu








Sr. Product Manager



89450 San Francisco, California


06/18/2017 Corporate

Apply Now
Save JobRemove Job
View Saved Jobs
Apply Later





Under Armour is all about performance. Because what we make empowers athletes in every form to push themselves, to turn good into great, and to stay hungry for whatever comes next. And this is exactly what we expect from each other.
Working with us means one key thing: no matter what you do, you see every day and every project as a chance to push your field forward. In every store and every office, we build teams where everyone is an MVP. And together we tackle every challenge head on. Because we work to push the gear, the game, and ourselves farther.
We’re looking for people who do more than good work.
We’re looking for the Best in Every Game.

 Under Armour is the chosen brand of this generation of athletes... and the athletes of tomorrow. We're about performance - in training and on game day, in blistering heat and bitter cold. Whatever the conditions, whatever the sport, Under Armour delivers the advantage athletes have come to demand.  That demand has created an environment of growth. An environment where building a great team is vital. An environment where doing whatever it takes is the baseline and going above and beyond to protect the Brand is commonplace.  The world's hungriest athletes live by a code, a pledge to themselves and everyone else: Protect This House... I Will.  Our goal is to Build A Great Team!  Will YOU…Protect This House?! The Opportunity At MyFitnessPal, part of Under Armour Connected Fitness, Product Managers work with the rest of the company towards a common goal: to make the world a healthier place for everyone. You will be working on a product that’s the best in its class and has touched the lives of over 100 million users. As part of a small and nimble team, you will bridge the technical and business worlds to innovate and execute on exciting new features and products. Responsibilities Build the product roadmap by collaborating with cross functional groups (Engineering, Design, Business Development)  Facilitate project execution and provide regular updates to management and key stakeholders.  Collaborate with product analytics and user research teams to understand user behavior and turn them into product requirements  Define and analyze metrics to evaluate the outcome of product launches. What we want to see from you You have an obsession with creating great products.  You think deeply about product design and have an understanding of how to create simple and intuitive user interfaces.  You are an excellent communicator of product decisions and the rationale behind them.  You have an understanding of the technical architecture of web and mobile applications.  You can easily switch between creative and analytical work.  You are able to motivate and inspire others to achieve great things What's Next? If you're interested in joining the Product team at MyFitnessPal, please submit your resume and a short summary telling us what inspires you about MyFitnessPal and why you think you are perfect for the team. We look forward to hearing from you! Under Armour is an equal employment opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals without regard to the following legally protected characteristics: race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military/veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state or federal law.  We assure you that your opportunity for employment with Under Armour depends solely on your qualifications.

Apply Now




Share This Job

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+








see What's Here

Each of our locations have its own advantages. Check here to see the restaurants, schools, and more around this office.
See It Now





Sign Up For Job Alerts

Stay ready and on top with the latest career opportunities and UA news delivered right to your inbox.
Email AddressInterested InSearch for a category and select one from the list of suggestions. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert.CategoryLocationAddCorporate, San Francisco, California, United StatesRemoveRemove

Confirm Email













 Lighthouse

This is where we are growing. Where we are going to build what’s next. How we are making a major difference in the city that Under Armour calls home.

Learn More




 NextGen Fitness

Our connected fitness team does one thing: build the next generation of fitness technology.

Learn More

































































































            
    Under Armour Inc.'s Biggest Win in 2016 -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































Under Armour Inc.'s Biggest Win in 2016
This one product category is responsible for nearly half of the sports apparel specialist's growth this year.











                Demitrios Kalogeropoulos
            

                (TMFSigma)



            
            Dec 20, 2016 at 7:46PM
            
            





Under Armour (NYSE:UA) (NYSE:UAA) in late October demonstrated why it is still valued as a growth stock despite its $40 billion market capitalization. Sales expanded over the summer months at a 22% pace, keeping the sports apparel giant on track for about $5 billion of 2016 revenue -- up 24% over the prior year's haul. The most recent quarter was Under Armour's 26th straight period of 20% or better sales growth.

Image source: Getty Images.
CEO Kevin Plank and his executive team managed several strategic wins that they can credit with helping grow the company into a global brand this year. Its best performance came in the footwear category, though, which has soared from a tiny offering into a critical part of the business today.
A marathon and a sprint
Under Armour has been selling footwear since 2006, but the product line only recently took off. Four years ago, the division was worth $240 million, or 13% of sales. This year it's on pace to hit nearly $1 billion of annual revenue and account for over 20% of the business.
The most recent performance has been phenomenal. Through the first nine months of 2016, footwear expanded at a 55% pace. In fact, the $275 million of additional revenue brought in by the category amounts to just under 40% of Under Armour's entire sales growth in 2016. The rest of the gains are split between its other two operating divisions, apparel and interconnected fitness. Footwear demand is a big reason why the company is outpacing Nike (NYSE:NKE) right now, which has seen its expansion pace slow to 10% from 12% in the year that ended last August.





The sponsorship of NBA star Stephen Curry has been a key driver behind Under Armour's latest footwear gains, but it's far from its only hit franchise in the portfolio. A marketing campaign around athlete Bryce Harper helped boost its baseball and running products, for example. Meanwhile, Cam Newton star power ties in well with Under Armour's NFL partnership. In addition to the hit Curry products, Under Armour's Gemini and Bandit launches met with strong demand. It also boasts the top-selling football cleat on the market.

Image source: Under Armour.
Nike and Under Armour both see footwear as a key to strong sales growth in the core United States market, and they're both willing to trade short-term profits for a chance at sustainable share gains. At its last quarterly check-in, Nike posted a 2-percentage-point drop in gross profit margin as it plowed investments into marketing and price cuts. Under Armour's profitability fell, too, in what management described as a quickly shifting competitive environment in the U.S.

NKE Gross Profit Margin (TTM) data by YCharts.





Can Under Armour keep it up?
Under Armour's stock has been under pressure since the company lowered its profit growth outlook for the next three fiscal years. The company still sees a long runway for growth, but competition will be fiercer than expected. Sluggish industry growth will likely drive prices lower for any company that's seeking to outgrow the market.
Its footwear strategy involves pouring resources into innovation and design while scaling out its biggest franchises into complementary offerings -- all while supporting the brands with hefty marketing investments.
Executives are betting the spending will pay big dividends in the future at the expense of slow profit growth through 2018. "We firmly believe that we are at a tipping point in terms of opportunities to gain market share" in the U.S. footwear industry, Plank recently told investors. If that's true, it makes sense that Under Armour would step up its investments now with an eye toward expanding operating margins from a stronger market position in a few years.


Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Nike and Under Armour (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nike, Under Armour (A shares), and Under Armour (C shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                            Demitrios Kalogeropoulos
                        

                            (TMFSigma)
                        

Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy.
Follow @tmfsigma








Article Info




                    
                    Dec 20, 2016 at 7:46PM
                    
                


                    Consumer Goods
                












Stocks








Under Armour (A Shares)



                                        NYSE:UAA





                                    $20.27
                                

down



                                    $0.37
                                

                                    (-1.79%)
                                










Nike



                                        NYSE:NKE





                                    $58.95
                                

down



                                    $-1.00
                                

                                    (-1.67%)
                                










Under Armour (C Shares)



                                        NYSE:UA





                                    $18.26
                                

down



                                    $0.58
                                

                                    (-3.08%)
                                








Read More



Why Under Armour, Avis Budget Group, and Golden Entertainment Jumped Today


4 Things You Didn't Know About Under Armour Inc.


Under Armour Is Blowing Its Chance With Steph Curry


Better Buy: Nike, Inc. vs. Under Armour


3 Value Stocks for Daring Investors



































Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












Under Armour Inc.'s Biggest Win in 2016 @themotleyfool #stocks $UAA, $NKE, $UA









































Kevin Plank Is Betting Almost $1 Billion That Under Armour Can Beat Nike | Inc.com

































































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 






































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  WIRE
													







Kevin Plank Is Betting Almost $1 Billion That Under Armour Can Beat Nike


Kevin Plank built Under Armour into a $4 billion behemoth. He's just spent almost $1 billion to get into an entirely new business. Can this decade's most unlikely tech startup beat Nike?






 By Tom Foster


Tom Foster is an Inc. editor-at-large. His work has also appeared in Popular Science, Fast Company, Details, and Men's Journal, among others. A longtime New Yorker, he is a recent transplant to Austin.
@tomfoster2 


Editor-at-large, Inc.@tomfoster2 










4 COMMENTS























Former college football player turned sportswear entrepreneur Kevin Plank is betting that fitness trackers and apps will help Under Armour beat Nike. It’s a tall order, but don’t underestimate what this guy and his whiteboards can accomplish.
CREDIT: Dylan Coulter










"Have you seen Kevin's whiteboards?"
If you spend any time at Under Armour headquarters, you'll hear that question again and again. Founder and CEO Kevin Plank really likes whiteboards, and his favorite use for them is to write out leadership maxims for his team. Inside and outside his office, whole walls of floor-to-ceiling whiteboards contain dozens of curt principles he's scrawled over the years: Expedite the inevitable. Perfection is the enemy of innovation. Respect everyone, fear no one.
These commandments are meant not as simple inspiration or hard rules, he says, but together make up a system of "guardrails" that allow everyone under him to operate as entrepreneurs by channeling his thinking. The Plank principles are drilled into new employees during a weeklong orientation, and they're painted all over the hallways at company headquarters, a former Procter & Gamble factory on the Baltimore waterfront. Think like an entrepreneur. Create like an innovator. Perform like a teammate.
Plank has the affect and intensity of a head coach--direct eye contact, military analogies, the air of someone you do not want to disappoint. "Winning is a part of our culture--it's who we are," he says in his lofty office overlooking the harbor. (The only artwork behind his desk: a giant UA logo, its letters stacked to evoke arms raised in victory.) "And culture is formed on habits." Perhaps the most important guardrail, and the company's official mission, is seeking to "make all athletes better." It has long equaled thinking about clothes as high-performance gear, but recently it's taken on a big new meaning.
Over the past two years, Under Armour has spent close to $1 billion buying and investing in three leading makers of activity- and diet-tracking mobile apps. By doing so, the company has amassed the world's largest digital health-and-fitness community, with 150 million users. Plank envisions all of those users, and their metrics, as a big data engine to drive everything from product development to merchandising to marketing. Many observers, though, balked at the $710 million cost of the acquisitions, questioning whether Under Armour could quickly produce any return on investment--two of the three companies were unprofitable--let alone succeed in a space that shares little with making shirts and shoes. Longtime staffers worried the moves would crimp company performance, affect bonuses, or divert focus from the core business. Plank spent more hours than he cares to count, including a large chunk of his winter vacation last year, in one-on-one conversations to persuade them otherwise. "It was important," he says, "that this not just be my decision."
Under Armour team-sports designers, discussing concepts for uniforms and performance gear they're making for Plank's alma mater, the University of Maryland.IMAGE: Jared SoaresCREDIT: Jared Soares
Plank likes to say that the key to Under Armour's success is that he never focused on all the reasons it couldn't happen. A former Division 1 college football player, Plank famously bootstrapped Under Armour's launch in 1995 armed with one simple insight: The cotton undershirts football players wore under their pads slowed them down when they became soaked with sweat. After prototyping a moisture-wicking, formfitting alternative--made of fabric for women's undergarments--and testing it on ex-teammates, Plank set up shop in his grandmother's basement and, just before he went broke, scored his first big sale, to Georgia Tech. The company went on to create a whole new market for performance apparel, IPO'd in 2005, and now sponsors some of the world's greatest athletes, including Jordan Spieth, Stephen Curry, and Lindsey Vonn.
Today, Under Armour has 13,500 employees around the world and nearly $4 billion in revenue. But Plank is still every bit the entrepreneur, chasing audacious dreams--chief among them overtaking Nike as the world's largest sportswear maker. Under Armour leapfrogged the longtime number two, Adidas, in the U.S. sportswear market in 2014, but worldwide it's still third. And Nike remains far larger, with more than $30 billion in revenue in 2015 Which is part of why Plank wants to move so aggressively. Nike has about a fifth as many users on its Nike+ platform as Under Armour does on its apps, and in 2014 the shoe giant shut down its FuelBand fitness-tracker business.
The real work is only beginning, though, as Plank has adopted the kind of world-changing ambitions more common to a Google or Facebook. He envisions that Under Armour Connected Fitness will "fundamentally affect global health." This month--doubters be damned--the company will start selling a pair of biometric fitness devices and a smart scale made in partnership with the Taiwanese smartphone company HTC. The move will put Plank in direct competition with Fitbit and Apple in the fast-growing wearables market. It's a bold, characteristically Plankian bet--and a "very risky" one, says Morningstar retail analyst Paul Swinand. (Morningstar and Inc. are both owned by Joe Mansueto.)
"Under Armour has been a phenomenal success story," Swinand says. Its stock has risen steadily--almost 2,000 percent in the decade since its IPO. "But when you're hitting a home run every quarter on the core apparel business, why mess around with a moon shot?"
Plank rarely admits to much uncertainty or doubt, so it's telling that he echoes Swinand in describing Connected Fitness's ambitions as a "moon shot." But another of his whiteboard sayings comes to mind, this one courtesy of his friend and former U.S. Special Operations commander Admiral Eric Olson: Nobody ever won a horserace by yelling "Whoa!"

Robin Thurston, co-founder and then CEO of Austin-based app maker MapMy­Fitness, got his first taste of Plank's high-speed force-of-will approach when the Under Armour founder cold-called him in July 2013. Plank explained that he loved Thurston's app MapMyRun. "I run five miles three times a week, I log everything, I look up routes when I travel," Plank began. "What are you doing with the company?"
Thurston replied that he was about to raise more venture capital to pursue ambitious expansion plans: The company had bought several hundred domains based on every physical activity, and planned to launch new products for each. Thurston and his investors saw MapMyFitness as poised to become the leading digital health-and-fitness network.
"Don't do that," Plank shot back. "Come talk to me instead."
A couple of weeks later, Plank and three key lieutenants showed up early at the New York City offices of  Allen & Company, where Thurston and his team were huddling with their bankers. The MapMyFitness team got about 20 minutes into a detailed PowerPoint presentation when Plank interrupted. "This is awesome," he said, "but I want to stop you and go talk to Robin myself for a few minutes"--without any bankers running interference. Forty minutes later, Plank and Thurston returned, and Plank asked the MapMyFitness team if they'd like to go to Baltimore, right away, to check out the Under Armour campus.
It wasn't 11 a.m. when the group--along with NFL veteran and sports­caster Boomer Esiason, who'd been waiting at the airport to hitch a ride on Plank's jet--pulled up at Under Armour headquarters. Former Washington Redskin LaVar Arrington opened Thurston's door, and offered a tour of the campus, as well as some oatmeal cookies, to the stunned app makers. Within two weeks, the parties had agreed that Under Armour would acquire the startup for $150 million, and Thurston would remain atop MapMy­Fitness and become Under Armour's chief digital officer.
Thurston, a onetime professional cyclist who maintained MapMyFitness's position as a top fitness app from the iPhone's earliest days, tells the story in his new office in downtown Austin, in a brand-new building where giant images of Under Armour athletes adorn the walls (amid, of course, motivational mantras) and several hundred new engineers and other tech employees work. At first, Thurston says, Under Armour's interest was a puzzler. He'd entertained partnering with insurance companies and media companies, but he always worried they'd exploit all the data MapMyFitness gathers about people's personal habits in ways that would violate the trust he'd built with the community. Under Armour had simply never occurred to him as a home for his company.
But the first thing Plank did in that private meeting in New York was pull up a concept video Under Armour had created earlier that year called "Future Girl." It showed a young woman starting a morning workout in clothes that were touch-sensitive and could call up data displays and even change color with the tap of a finger. "I made this for you," Plank said to Thurston. (In truth, it had run as a TV commercial; Plank told me it was made for someone like Robin even though "I didn't know who Robin would be.") He wanted to be sure that Thurston wouldn't bolt after the sale, but would instead see an exciting opportunity and lead it. Under Armour had always been a tech company, in its way, Plank explained--but it had struggled with digital.
At Under Armour headquarters, workers' breaks often involve workouts, like this one on an artificial-turf field overlooking Baltimore's Inner Harbor.IMAGE: Jared SoaresCREDIT: Jared Soares
None of the products in the "Future Girl" video existed then--and a variation of one is hitting the market now--but merging performance products with performance data and inter­active technology was a top Under Armour priority, given Plank's instinct that that's where the world was going. Plank had directed a team several years earlier to create an "electric" product, and they'd come up with the E39 compression shirt, which had sensors embedded in the fabric to track an athlete's heart rate. The shirt launched at the 2011 NFL training combine to much fanfare, but a simplified consumer version--a sensor-equipped chest band­--had only niche appeal. That experience made Plank realize Under Armour couldn't compete with hardware companies that employ thousands of engineers and constantly turn out incremental innovations.
"It's absurd that you know more about your car than you know about your body," says Plank. He's betting athletes' personal data will turbocharge their fitness and Under Armour's future.
"It's very normal for a product company--which is really what Under Armour is--to have gone down the path of trying to create hardware," says Thurston. "They know the distribution channels, they know how to sell products, they know how to market them. But as they started doing their homework on what was happening in the space, they realized that the strength [of digital fitness] was actually in the community."
Plank also knew it would take years to build a community like Thurston's. "It wasn't that I didn't know the right answers to be seeking from engineers. I didn't even know the right questions to ask," Plank admits. "I'm a sporting goods guy."
After the MapMyFitness acquisition closed in late 2013, Plank and Thurston proceeded uncharacteristically slowly, taking time to set priorities for Under Armour's digital transformation. Thurston identified four key pillars of health--sleep, fitness, activity, and nutrition--that he based on Plank's "make all athletes better" mission. Once that vision snapped into focus, Plank saw an opportunity not just to be a collector of human activity data but also to be the central processor that turns that data--regardless of whose device or app collected it--into useful insights. "OK. Let's do it," he told Thurston one day in late 2014. By the following March, they had spent more than half a billion dollars acquiring two more companies: San Francisco-based MyFitnessPal, a nutrition-tracking system for people to log their meals, and Copenhagen-based Endomondo, a personal-training program whose users are almost entirely outside the U.S. Under Armour suddenly had not only the world's largest digital fitness community but hundreds of engineers and reams of user data as well.
Just one big question loomed: How would any of that help Under Armour chip away at Nike's dominance, or at least sell a lot more workout shirts?
Across the railroad tracks from the Under Armour campus, a low redbrick building houses the company's innovation lab, where president of product and innovation Kevin Haley leads a team of biomechanists, designers, engineers, and a psychologist to develop shoe and apparel concepts. There are weather chambers to re-create different exercise scenarios, devices that stretch and compress materials, gait-analysis systems, washers and dryers, 3-D printers, laser cutters, and countless other machines. The deeper you go into the long, narrow lab space, the more secretive the operations. The prototyping room is locked down from all but a few select employees and executives, who must pass a biometric scanner to enter.
Before taking over the innovation lab, Haley created the Under Armour consumer insights department. Early on, "the secret of our success was that we were the consumer," Haley says. "Kevin was a football player. He just knew. But slowly, we got older than our consumer." The company stopped bragging about not using focus groups and started tapping its sponsored athletes for product insights, sending researchers to look in people's closets, and running online surveys.
What Under Armour didn't know with much precision, though, was how people used its products after buying them. "You just know if a person swipes a credit card or not," as Haley puts it--and even that only happens a couple of times a year for any customer. "We call something a basketball shirt, but is the guy wearing it to football practice? Is the boyfriend shirt he gives to his girlfriend something she wears as pajamas?"
But armed with data from Connected Fitness apps, Haley says, he can take design cues from 150 million people who, having downloaded a fitness app, are exactly the target audience: "There's unbelievable data in there. You know their running pace, how far they go, how often they go. You literally know what brand of Greek yogurt they use."
It's too early to see many new products as a result of all the new data--developing a piece of gear typically takes 18 months--but Haley points to one. The company learned from MapMyFitness data that the average run is 3.1 miles--"not one or two miles, not five miles, but 3.1," Haley says. So when it came to making the Speedform Gemini running shoe, which was released last January to largely rave reviews, the company added "charged foam" padding tailored to that kind of run.
"The toughest question for us is not, Are there cool technologies out there?" says Haley. "It's, What do you want me to work on? This gives us unbelievable insight that's both incredibly broad and deep, with the same group of people we're marketing toward." That could be especially helpful in the two huge growth opportunities for Under Armour. More than 60 percent of Connected Fitness's users are women, who account for just 30 percent of Under Armour's apparel sales. And while only about 11 percent of its sales are international, 35 percent of the Connected community is outside the U.S.
Still, the high-stakes bet on Connected Fitness will be slow to pay off. Under Armour recently increased its projections for the next two years, estimating that it would nearly double net revenue by 2018, to $7.5 billion (up from a previous estimate of $6.8 billion). Only $200 million--a paltry 2.7 percent--will come from Connected Fitness. But Thurston likens his digital community to "having a Super Bowl-size audience every day," and one of the most immediately practical moves will be using those apps as a marketing channel. A feature called  Gear Tracker, for instance, allows MapMyFitness users to log the shoes they use every time they go running, and get a reminder when their mileage suggests it's time to buy new ones. A partnership with Zappos makes ordering replacements easy.
These components - clockwise from top: the UA Scale, the UA Band, and the UA Heart Rate - make up the first new Connected Fitness product, the Health Box.IMAGE: Jared SoaresCREDIT: Jared Soares
"Imagine you're traveling in Chicago for work," Plank says. "You went for a run one morning, and you had a cold the day before. It's 7 degrees in Chicago, so I know your nose was probably running the whole time. Well, we make this great run glove--we call it the snot finger glove, because it's got basically a microfiber personal Kleenex attached to it so you can rub your nose. Imagine if I could send you an ad that says, 'Hey, are you going to be in Chicago for another day? Would you like us to send you a pair of gloves?'" Chris Glode, a key digital executive for the company, told a conference last year that the company has learned that consumers are 83 percent more receptive to fitness messages after a workout--so an ad could hit you right as you log your run. The average Underarmour.com order coming via a Connected Fitness app is 26 percent higher than those from other external sources, the company says, so one big priority is to build e-commerce into the apps.
If it all sounds eerily like those ads that, because of your browsing history, follow you around the internet, that's exactly the point--except Under Armour is tracking real behavior and the data is more specific. Everyone in the company says personal data mining will give customers better fitness insights and better shirts and shoes--so they become better athletes. Another way to look at it is that making people better athletes makes them need more gear. As Plank told analysts last July: "Ultimately, the more people exercise, the more athletic footwear and apparel they will buy."
"I love Monopoly," Plank tells me. "You know why? When I play Monopoly with you, I'm going to buy everything from Baltic Avenue to Marvin Gardens. If you get to my side of the board, you'd better roll boxcars or you're going to pay rent."
He's trying to describe why buying MapMyFitness was never going to be enough; the real opportunities would come only if he controlled every part of the digital health experience, even if nutrition, say, has only tangential relevance to the sportswear business. If you're trying to truly understand athletes, you need to see what they do 24 hours a day. "It's absurd that you know more about your car than you know about your body," says Plank.
Hence an app called UA Record, a kind of overall health dashboard that relaunches this month in conjunction with the co-branded HTC devices--a Fitbit-like wrist strap, a chest-worn heart-rate monitor, and a connected scale, all sleek black and knobby red plastic, with scoreboard-inspired readouts. Record is an open platform for people to process their fitness data from any device, and Record exec Glode calls it "the ultimate digital expression of Under Armour." Plank gets especially animated talking about the relaunch of Record and the related devices, which will be sold together under the name Health Box. It'll be the first time users get to experience his full vision, and it's where he sees the potential to "affect global health." Roughly one in five Americans has downloaded one of Plank's apps, Plank has said, so he wants not only to help users keep track of their running times or weight loss but also to compare their data with that of millions of other people like them and offer valuable insights.
Whether the system sounds ingeniously simple or a bit too clever for its own good may depend on your dedication to fitness. To Plank, it's the former, of course: "It's like, I wake up in the morning, my wearable device tells me how long I slept, and data point one beams to the cloud. I go to the bathroom and step on the scale, and data point two beams to the cloud. I'm going to exercise, so I put on my heart-rate strap, and data point three beams to the cloud. And as I walk around all day, the fitness tracker beams how many steps I take. Finally, what did I eat for the day? If I want to go deep into MyFitnessPal and track everything, great, but if not, I just answer if I had a light or average or heavy day."
I am the opposite of a moderate man reads one key Plankism scrawled on a company whiteboard.
"This is where it gets really exciting," Plank says, and launches into a series of scenarios. If you are ill one day in October, you might learn that you get sick around the same time every year and that it correlates with your sleep or diet patterns or any number of patterns that you share with others your age and of similar height and weight. If you go to the doctor, all that information might be a lot more useful than the hand-scrawled note the physician has from your last visit 24 months ago and a couple of basic measurements the nurse took a few minutes earlier. "Nobody owns this," says Plank. "And I'm sitting here thinking, who should? Humana? CVS? You're going to trust them with your data? Why not us?"
Fair enough, says Morningstar's Swinand, but he questions whether Under Armour can win that battle when the competition includes Fitbit, Apple, and even Google. "The way tech works is you have four companies, three end up zeros, and the one that wins wins everything." He raises the possibility that Under Armour could end up the MySpace of fitness tech--and expresses concern about the recent departure of longtime COO and CFO Brad Dickerson. "I think Brad was the voice of reason, and Kevin is the flamboyant entrepreneur," Swinand says.
Plank likes his chances, in part because the wide appeal of Under Armour's locker-room aesthetic and barking brand voice could transfer to any number of connected products (think: Future Girl), but also because he now has more fitness data about users than even the leading tech companies. "If I'm right," he says, Connected Fitness "becomes a force multiplier that takes us from shirts-and-shoes company to true technology company. If I'm wrong, it costs us some money--we have $710 million on the table." A flicker of doubt from the unflappable Plank? No. "The one thing we know," he concludes, "is we can always make more money." He didn't need to point out another whiteboard commandment--the one that reads Don't forget to sell shirts and shoes!





From the February 2016 issue of Inc. magazine


















RECOMMENDED SLIDESHOW











































































