Sell Gland Unibel from Indonesia by PT. Dwi Karya Cipta Utama,Cheap  Price        Phone 021-80681278       Create Buying Request   affiliate                      Product expand_more   Product Companies Tender     search       Register   Login              Product Services Export                 All Category    Electronic Equipment and Electric   Battery   Cable, Wires   Generators   Cable Accessories   Cable Clips   Cable Conduits   Other Accessories Cable   Cable Tray   Fiber Connect Tool   Cable Sleeves   Cables LUG   Cable Gland   Circular Surface Box   Cable Ties   Cable Marker   Grounding Clamp   Cable Locator     Power Supplies   Air Conditioner and Refrigeration Spare Part   Electronic Components   Display Spare Parts    Electrical Equipment & Supplies   Ultrasonic Cleaner   Electric Compressor           Home   Electronic Equipment and Electric   Cable Accessories   Cable Gland    Gland Unibel    p71329   Gland Unibel                                     Add To Favourites    Delete Favorite      Report this Content        Minimum Order 1 Country Origin India CategoriesCable Gland  Last Updated12 Feb 2016  Brand Unibel     *Price exclude Value Added Tax      Get The Best Deal     Request  Quote       security 100% secured transaction :  Our Payment system protects customer from fraud and scam, due to reason your money will always be safe. For the purpose of security, Please do a transaction using our new feature and pay your purchase fee through Indotrading.com  The funds paid to Indotrading.com will be forwarded to be seller after Indotrading gets confirmation from both parties that the transaction has been finished. More      We are online Chat Now          Product Details Company Profile        Product Specification  Gland Unibel     Unibell A-2 : Non Armoured TypeApplication :Industrial Gland, For Use With All Types Of Unarmoured CableMechanical :Provides Retention Of Unarmoured Or Brand Impact Resistant    Price Gland Unibel :CALL    P T . Dwi Karya Cipta Utama
Berkembang Sejak Tahun 2000.
Bergerak Dalam Bidang Pengadaan Produk Untuk Electrical Dan Piping System.
Kami Merupakan Agen/ Distributor Dengan Pengalaman Dalam Pemenuhan Supply Dan Spesifikasi Produk.
Produk Kami Memiliki Kualitas Yang Baik Dengan Standar Internasional Yang Sudah Teruji Mutu Dan Kualitasnya Dengan Baik. Memiliki Sertifikat Internasional Seperti Ul, Csa, Iso 9001, Iso 14001.
Produk Kami Juga Memiliki Harga Yang Kompetitif Dan Menguntungkan.Berikut Daftar Produk Yang Dapat Kami Sediakan :
- Kss / Helermann Tyton / Sc ~ Cable Ties,Cable Marker,Wiring Duct,Security Seals,Accessories,Dll
- Unibell / Skintop ~ Industrial Brass Cable Glands,Cable Duct,Cable Lugs,Dll
- Oscg / Cmp ~ Explotion Proof Cable Glands,Flexible,Accessories,Armore,Non Armoure,Dll
- Tab ~ Relay,Terminal Blok,Volt Meter,Ampere Meter,Control Switch,Alarm, Light,Dll
- Hi-Box / Ti-Box / Durabox ~ Junction Box,Terminal Box,Dll
- Warom / Eye Iwasaki ~ Explotion Proof Lighting,Luminaire,Fluorescent,Dll
- Panasonic / Wahana ~ Metal Conduit Pipe,Accessories,Conduit Pipe,Dll
- Arrowtite / Pithon / Goldflex ~ Flexible Metal Conduit,Connector,Dll
- Duratech / Sankei / Pithon ~ Flexible Metal Conduit,Plica Tube,Liquid Tite Conduit,Dll
- Tai Cheng ~ Hydraulic Crimping Tools,Wire Grip S-2000Cl, Ratchet Puller Type 2000,Dll
- Kitz ~ Ball Valve, Gate Valve Material Cs,Dll
- Aeroflex,Superlon ~Insulation Tube,Adhesive Aeroseal,Dll
- Elgin / Crane / Kembla / Trust / Denji ~ Cooper Pipe And Fittings,Dll
- Toro / Sd / Wavin ~ Ppr Pipe And Fittings,Dll
- Ginde ~ Multi Layer Pipe Pe-Al-Pe And Fittings,Dll
- Max Letatwin ~ Electronic Lettering Machine Lm-380/390A     We Sell   Produk ElektricalPiping            Other Related Products         Exd Cable Gland SWA Brass Nickel Plated CMP (E1FW)   Cable Gland Price : IDR Call Depok           Cable Gland Offers   Cable Gland Price : IDR Call Tangerang           Cable Gland Metal   Cable Gland Price : IDR Call Tangerang           Cable Gland Explosion Proof    Cable Gland Price : IDR Call Tangerang           Cable Gland Kss Cg-16 Black   Cable Gland Price : IDR Call Jakarta       We are an Online Media that consists of Distributors, Resellers, Manufactures, Suppliers, importers and exporters. If you are interested to buy Gland Unibel cheap, please contact the Company directly. If you are a Company who wished to sell your product, please click here to join us.        Shopping Cart    PT. Satu Dua Tiga Lihat Produk Lain >>   PRODUK HARGA SATUAN QTY SUBTOTAL       Daikin AC Inverter SkyAir Floor Standing Type 4 PK FVQ100CVEB4  Rp. 300000    Rp. 600000 delete_forever       Daikin AC Inverter SkyAir Floor Standing Type 4 PK FVQ100CVEB4  Rp. 300000    Rp. 600000 delete_forever      PT. Satu Dua Tiga Lihat Produk Lain >>   PRODUK HARGA SATUAN QTY SUBTOTAL       Daikin AC Inverter SkyAir Floor Standing Type 4 PK FVQ100CVEB4  Rp. 300000    Rp. 600000 delete_forever       Daikin AC Inverter SkyAir Floor Standing Type 4 PK FVQ100CVEB4  Rp. 300000    Rp. 600000 delete_forever        Lanjut Belanja Check Out          Company Information      PT. Dwi Karya Cipta Utama      [Kota Tangerang , Banten]    2 Year This Company is a Paid Gold Member in Indotrading.com. We have verified the Address and the Actuality of this Company.      Kirim Pesan          Phone  (+62)-XXXXShow    Fax  (+62)-XXXXShow           Address JL. Raya Imam Bonjol Km.2 No. 44 Karawaci (Workshop) Kota Tangerang, Banten - Indonesia       Quick Links    Electronic Equipment and Electric Distributor in Tangerang    Cable Accessories Distributor in Tangerang    Cable Gland Distributor in Tangerang         Brand Related With Cable Gland    Cable Gland Oscg   Cable Gland Unibell   Cable Gland Hawke   Cable Gland Cmp         Close            Text         Information   Contact Us About Us Career Testimonial Banner Advertising Indotrading Affiliate Indotrading FAQ Partners Privacy Policy     Buyer  Register Free Latest Product Newest Company Create Buying Request How To Join    Seller  Register Free Search Project How To Sell    Service  SEO Gold Member Google Adwords CreateWebsite Procurement Of Goods    INDONESIA ENGLISH     follow us        download our apps            © 2017Indotrading.All Rights Reserved.                            




Unibel Cosmetics Sac - Manufacturer of Nail Polish Bottles, Peru























































Products / Services


 Products / Services
 Companies
 Buy Leads




Search







Post Requirement







 Home




– Account


Login
Join Free





+ 
For Buyers



Products/Services
Browse by Countries





+ For Suppliers


Latest Buy Leads
Sell your Products


 Terms of Use
 Contact Us
 Feedback
 Site Map






Close













Unibel Cosmetics Sac
Member Since : 2011 | Peru



 
SEND INQUIRY












Unibel Cosmetics Sac

Manufacturer /  Exporters /  Wholesale Suppliers Of Nail Polish Bottles



Our Products and Services



Nail Polish Bottles







Company Facts




Business Type
Manufacturer /  Exporters /  Wholesale Suppliers








Contact Details



Ruben Leon

Heroes De La Breña Mz L Lt 14 Sector B Campoy ,Sjl-lima Peru, Lima, , Peru
 View Mobile No.



Send Inquiry















































































Uribel |



























Skip to main content













Toggle navigation













 











Talking to Your Doctor
Paying for Uribel
How Uribel Works
Urinary Tract Disorders
For Healthcare Providers Clinical Profile
Chronic Urinary Tract Conditions
Urinary Tract Infections
Urinary Diagnostic Procedures


















SPEAK UP!
SPEAK UP!
Ask your doctor for relief from urinary tract symptoms. Ask for Uribel.
Start the conversation
Start the conversation
Uribel is a prescription medicine used to relieve the discomfort, pain, frequent urge to urinate, and cramps/spasms of the urinary tract caused by a urinary tract infection or a diagnostic procedure.

 







GET URIBEL® FOR AS LITTLE AS $15
Save up to $50 on every Uribel prescription.†
Get the coupon 


† Subject to eligibility. Restrictions apply.*Symphony Health Solutions PHAST prescription data, accessed July 2015
 










Speaking of symptoms
Create a list of symptoms to show your doctor
Go 





Uribel relieves more than pain
When symptoms mean more than just pain, Uribel can help
Go 





Healthcare Professionals
Access information about Uribel
Go
















	UNIBEL Trademark of UNIBEL CORPORATION. Serial Number: 74303278 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
UNIBEL










 
Get FREE email alerts













UNIBEL  Trademark Information
 UNIBEL CORPORATION




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
program   use   vehicle   telephones      way   radios   trunking   radios    
                                    




This is a brand page for the UNIBEL trademark by UNIBEL CORPORATION 
                                in Bellingham, , 98225.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this UNIBEL trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner UNIBEL CORPORATION of the UNIBEL trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the UNIBEL trademark.
                           






On Monday, August 10, 1992,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        UNIBEL by 
                        UNIBEL CORPORATION, Bellingham 98225.
                        The USPTO has given the UNIBEL 
                        trademark serial  number of  74303278.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION.
                        The correspondent listed for UNIBEL is 
                        
                        
                                            Robert B. Hughes of 
                                            1720 Iowa Street,  Bellingham, WA  98226,  
                                .
                            The UNIBEL trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for UNIBEL 
                            is computer program for use with vehicle telephones, two way radios and trunking radios. 
                            





Word mark:
 UNIBEL


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION

3/8/1995



  Serial Number:  
74303278


  Filing Date:  
8/10/1992


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
computer program for use with vehicle telephones, two way radios and trunking radios


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/23/1993


Last Applicant/Owner:

UNIBEL CORPORATIONBellingham 98225
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Robert B. Hughes
1720 Iowa Street
Bellingham, WA  98226







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
6/14/1991


First Use In Commerce: 
6/14/1991





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your UNIBEL trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/8/1995
ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Robert B. Hughes


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of UNIBEL trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search unibel on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for UNIBEL 




UNIBEL is providing computer program for use with vehicle telephones, two way radios and trunking radios.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Uribel - FDA prescribing information, side effects and uses



































Skip to Content












Search:



All

AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products 










Browse all medications:

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z


Advanced Search






Topics & Tools





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 






Sign In


Sign In
Register







Menu












 



Home › Professionals › FDA PI › Uribel



Print
 Share






Uribel
Generic Name: methenamine, sodium phosphate, monobasic, monohydrate, phenyl salicylate, methylene blue, and hyoscyamine sulfate
Dosage Form: capsule


Overview
Side Effects
Dosage
Interactions
Professional
Reviews

More

Drug Images
Support Group Q & A



Disclaimer: This drug has not been found by FDA to be safe and effective, and this labeling has not been approved by FDA. For further information about unapproved drugs, click here.
Rx Only
100 Capsules
Uribel Description






Uribel ™ capsules for oral administration





Each capsule contains:



Methenamine
118 mg


Sodium Phosphate Monobasic
40.8 mg


Phenyl Salicylate
36 mg


Methylene Blue
10 mg


Hyoscyamine Sulfate
0.12 mg



HYOSCYAMINE SULFATE. [620-61-1] [3(S)- endo]-α-(Hydroxymethyl)-benzeneacetic acid 8-methyl-8-azabicyclo[3.2.1]oct-3-yl ester sulfate(2:1)(salt); 1αH,5αH-tropan-3α-ol(-)-tropate (ester) sulfate(2:1)(salt); 3α-tropanyl S-(-)-tropate; I-tropic acid ester with tropine; I-tropine tropate. C 34H 48N 2O 10S. Hyoscyamine Sulfate is an alkaloid of belladonna. Exists as a white crystalline powder. Its solutions are alkaline to litmus. Affected by light, it is slightly soluble in water; freely soluble in alcohol; sparingly soluble in ether.
METHENAMINE. [100-97-0] 1,3,5,7-Tetraazatricyclo [3.3.1.-1 3,7] decane; hexamethylenetetramine; HMT; HMTA; hexamine; 1,3,5,7-tetraazaadamantane hexamethylenemine; Uritone; Urotropin. C 6H 12N 4; mol wt 140.19; C 51.40%, H 8.63%, N 39.96%. Methenamine (hexamethylenetetramine) exists as colorless, lustrous crystals or white crystalline powder. Its solutions are alkaline to litmus. Freely soluble in water, soluble in alcohol and in chloroform.
METHYLENE BLUE. [61-73-4] 3,7-Bis(dimethylamino) phenothiazin-5-ium chloride; C.I. Basic Blue 9; methylthioninium chloride; tetramethylthionine chloride; 3,7-bis(dimethylamino) phenazathionium chloride. C 16H 18ClN 3S; mol wt 319.85, C 60.08%, H 5.67%, Cl 11.08%, N 13.14%, S 10.03%. Methylene Blue (Methylthionine chloride) exists as dark green crystals. It is soluble in water and in chloroform; sparingly soluble in alcohol.
PHENYL SALICYLATE. [118-55-8] 2-Hydroxybenzoic acid phenyl ester; Salol. C 13H 10O 3; mol wt 214.22, C 72.89%, H 4.71%, O 22.41%. Made by the action of phosphorus oxy-chloride on a mixture of phenol and salicylic acid. Phenyl Salicylate exists as white crystals with a melting point of 41°-43° C. It is very slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol.
SODIUM PHOSPHATE MONOBASIC. [7558-80-7] Phosphoric acid sodium salt (1:1); Sodium biphosphate; sodium dihydrogen phosphate; acid sodium phosphate; monosodium orthophosphate; primary sodium phosphate; H 2NaO 4P; mol wt 119.98, H 1.68%, Na 19.16%, O 53.34%, P 25.82%. Monohydrate, white, odorless slightly deliquesce crystals or granules. At 100° C loses all its water; when ignited it converts to metaphosphate. It is freely soluble in water and practically insoluble in alcohol. The aqueous solution is acid. pH of 0.1 molar aqueous solution at 25° C: 4.5.
Uribel ™ capsules contain inactive ingredients: Dicalcium Phosphate, FD&C Blue #1, FD&C Red #3, Gelatin, Magnesium Stearate, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Povidone, Propylene Glycol, Shellac, Silicon Dioxide, Sodium Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, and Titanium Dioxide.
Uribel - Clinical Pharmacology
HYOSCYAMINE SULFATE is a parasympatholytic which relaxes smooth muscles and thus produces an antispasmodic effect. It is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and is rapidly distributed throughout the body tissues. Most is excreted in the urine within 12 hours, 13% to 50% being unchanged. Its biotransformation is hepatic. Its protein binding is moderate.
METHENAMINE degrades in an acidic urine environment releasing formaldehyde which provides bactericidal or bacteriostatic action. It is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract. 70%-90% reaches the urine unchanged at which point it is hydrolyzed if the urine is acidic. Within 24 hours it is almost completely (90%) excreted; of this at a pH of 5, approximately 20% is formaldehyde. Protein binding – some formaldehyde is bound to substances in the urine and surrounding tissues. Methenamine is freely distributed to body tissue and fluids but is not clinically significant as it does not hydrolyze at pH greater than 6.8.








Slideshow

	  		View Frightful (But Dead Serious) Drug Side Effects



METHYLENE BLUE possesses weak antiseptic properties. It is well absorbed by the gastrointestinal tract and rapidly reduced to leukomethylene blue which is stabilized in some combination form in the urine. 75% is excreted unchanged.
PHENYL SALICYLATE releases salicylate, a mild analgesic for pain.
SODIUM PHOSPHATE MONOBASIC an acidifier, helps to maintain an acid pH in the urine necessary for the degradation of methenamine.

Indications and Usage for Uribel
Uribel ™ capsules indicated for the treatment of symptoms of irritative voiding. Indicated for the relief of local symptoms, such as inflammation, hypermotility, and pain, which accompany lower urinary tract infections. Indicated for the relief of urinary tract symptoms caused by diagnostic procedures.
Contraindications
Hypersensitivity to any of the ingredients is possible. Risk benefits should be carefully considered when the following medical problems exist: cardiac disease (especially cardiac arrhythmias, congestive heart failure, coronary heart disease, and mitral stenosis); gastrointestinal tract obstructive disease; glaucoma; myasthenia gravis, acute urinary retention may be precipitated in obstructive uropathy (such as bladder neck obstruction due to prostatic hypertrophy).
Warnings
Do not exceed recommended dosage. If rapid pulse, dizziness or blurring of vision occurs discontinue use immediately.




Precautions
Cross sensitivity and/or related problems
patients intolerant of belladonna alkaloids or salicylates may be intolerant of this medication also. Delay in gastric emptying could complicate the management of gastric ulcers.
Pregnancy/Reproduction (FDA Pregnancy Category C)
hyoscyamine and methenamine cross the placenta. Studies concerning the effect of hyoscyamine and methenamine on pregnancy and reproduction have not been done in animals or humans. Thus it is not known whether Uribel ™ capsules cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman or can affect reproduction capacity. Uribel ™ capsules should be given to a pregnant woman only if clearly needed.
Breast feeding
problems in humans have not been documented; however, methenamine and traces of hyoscyamine are excreted in breast milk. Accordingly, Uribel ™ capsules should be given to a nursing mother with caution and only if clearly needed.
Prolonged use
there have been no studies to establish the safety of prolonged use in humans. No known long-term animal studies have been performed to evaluate carcinogenic potential.
Pediatric
infants and young children are especially susceptible to the toxic effect of the belladonna alkaloids.
Geriatric Use
use with caution in elderly patients as they may respond to usual doses of hyoscyamine with excitement, agitation, drowsiness or confusion.
Adverse Reactions
Cardiovascular: rapid heartbeat, flushing
Central Nervous System: blurred vision, dizziness, drowsiness
Genitourinary: difficulty micturition, acute urinary retention
Gastrointestinal: dry mouth, nausea and vomiting
Respiratory: shortness of breath or trouble breathing
Serious allergic reactions to this drug are rare. Seek immediate medical attention if you notice symptoms of a serious allergic reaction, including itching, rash, severe dizziness, swelling or trouble breathing.
This medication can cause urine and sometimes stools to turn blue to blue-green. This effect is harmless and will subside after medication is stopped.
Call your doctor or physician for medical advice about side effects. To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Star Pharmaceuticals, LLC at 1-800-845-7827 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088, www.fda.gov/medwatch.
Drug interactions
because of this product's effect on gastrointestinal motility and gastric emptying, it may decrease the absorption of other oral medications during concurrent use such as: urinary alkalizers; thiazide diuretics (may cause the urine to become alkaline reducing the effectiveness of methenamine by inhibiting its conversion to formaldehyde); antimuscarinics (concurrent use may intensify antimuscarinic effects of hyoscyamine because of secondary antimuscarinic activities of these medications); antacids/antidiarrheals (may reduce absorption of hyoscyamine, concurrent use with antacids may cause urine to become alkaline, reducing effectiveness of methenamine by inhibiting its conversion to formaldehyde). Doses of these medications should be spaced 1 hour apart from doses of hyoscyamine; antimyasthenics (concurrent use with hyoscyamine may further reduce intestinal motility); ketoconazole (patients should be advised to take this combination at least 2 hours after ketoconazole); monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors (concurrent use may intensify antimuscarinic side effects), opioid (narcotic analgesics may result in increased risk of severe constipation); sulfonamides (these drugs may precipitate with formaldehyde in the urine, increasing the danger of crystalluria). Patients should be advised that the urine may become blue to blue-green and the feces may be discolored as a result of the excretion of the Methylene blue.


Drug Abuse and Dependence
A dependence on the use of Uribel ™ capsules has not been reported and due to the nature of its ingredients, abuse of Uribel ™ capsules is not expected.
Overdosage
Emesis or gastric lavage. Slow intravenous administration of physostigmine in doses of 1 to 4 mg (0.5 to 1 mg in children), repeated as needed in one to two hours to reverse severe antimuscarinic symptoms.
Administration of small doses of diazepam to control excitement and seizures. Artificial respiration with oxygen if needed for respiratory depression. Adequate hydration. Symptomatic treatment as necessary.
If overdose is suspected, contact your local poison center or emergency room immediately. US residents can contact the US National Poison Hotline at 1-800-222-1222.
Uribel Dosage and Administration
Adults
one capsule orally 4 times per day followed by liberal fluid intake.
Older Children
Dosage must be individualized by physician. Not recommended for use in children six years of age or younger.
How is Uribel Supplied
Uribel ™ capsules are purple/purple capsules imprinted "S 111". NDC 0076-0111-01, Bottle of 100 Capsules and NDC 0076-0111-02, Carton of 20 individually pouched capsules.
STORAGE
Dispense in a tight, light-resistant container as defined in the USP/NF with a child resistant closure.
Store at controlled room temperature 15°-30°C (59°- 86°F).
Keep in a cool, dry place.
Keep container tightly closed.
WARNING: Keep this and all drugs out of reach of children.

Rx Only
Uribel ™ is a trademark of Star Pharmaceuticals, LLC
Distributed by:

MISSION PHARMACAL COMPANY

San Antonio, TX 78230
Manufactured for:

STAR PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC

Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33306
Rev. 11101-24 06/12

SPL Unclassified Section 100 Capsule Bottle Label
NDC 0076-0111-01
Uribel ™
EACH CAPSULE CONTAINS
Methenamine 118 mg

Sodium Phosphate Monobasic 40.8 mg

Phenyl Salicylate 36 mg

Methylene Blue 10 mg

Hyoscyamine Sulfate 0.12 mg
Rx ONLY
100 Capsules
Uribel ™ is a trademark of Star Pharmaceuticals, LLC
Distributed by:

MISSION PHARMACAL COMPANY

San Antonio, TX 78230
Manufactured for:

STAR PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC

Ft. Lauderdale, FL33306






Uribel 
methenamine, sodium phosphate, monobasic, monohydrate, phenyl salicylate, methylene blue, and hyoscyamine sulfate capsule





Product Information


Product Type
HUMAN PRESCRIPTION DRUG LABEL
Item Code (Source)
NDC:0076-0111


Route of Administration
ORAL
DEA Schedule
    








Active Ingredient/Active Moiety


Ingredient Name
Basis of Strength
Strength


METHENAMINE (METHENAMINE)
METHENAMINE
120 mg


SODIUM PHOSPHATE, MONOBASIC, MONOHYDRATE (SODIUM CATION)
SODIUM PHOSPHATE, MONOBASIC, MONOHYDRATE
40.8 mg


PHENYL SALICYLATE (PHENYL SALICYLATE)
PHENYL SALICYLATE
36 mg


METHYLENE BLUE (METHYLENE BLUE CATION)
METHYLENE BLUE
10 mg


HYOSCYAMINE SULFATE (HYOSCYAMINE)
HYOSCYAMINE SULFATE
0.12 mg








Inactive Ingredients


Ingredient Name
Strength


ANHYDROUS DIBASIC CALCIUM PHOSPHATE
 


GELATIN
 


MAGNESIUM STEARATE
 


PROPYLENE GLYCOL
 


SHELLAC
 


SILICON DIOXIDE
 








Product Characteristics


Color
purple
Score
no score


Shape
CAPSULE (Oblong shape)
Size
19mm


Flavor

Imprint Code
S;111


Contains
    








Packaging


#
Item Code
Package Description


1
NDC:0076-0111-01
100 CAPSULE in 1 BOTTLE


2
NDC:0076-0111-02
20 POUCH in 1 BOX


2

1 CAPSULE in 1 POUCH











Marketing Information


Marketing Category
Application Number or Monograph Citation
Marketing Start Date
Marketing End Date


unapproved drug other

08/01/2010









Labeler - Star Pharmaceuticals, LLC (962184003)



Revised: 01/2017


 
Star Pharmaceuticals, LLC
Next → User Reviews

Share on GooglePlus
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Print this page
Email to a friend
 Add to My Med List


More about hyoscyamine/methenamine/methylene blue/phenyl salicylate

Side Effects
Dosage Information
Drug Images
Drug Interactions
Support Group
12 Reviews – 
Add your own review/rating
Drug class: urinary antispasmodics

Consumer resources

Atropine/benzoic acid/hyoscyamine/methenamine/methylene blue/phenyl salicylate
More... (5)

Professional resources

Methenamine, Sodium Phosphate Monobasic, Phenyl Salicylate, Methylene Blue, and Hyoscyamine (Wolters Kluwer)

Other brands: Phosenamine, Darpaz, Darcalma
Related treatment guides

Urinary Tract Infection








FEATURED: CAR-T Cell Therapy



→ Overview
→ Mechanism of Action
→ KTE-C19 Studies
→ KTE-C19 Cancer Targets
→ Adverse Events
→ Manufacturing





Drug Status



Availability Rx Prescription only



Pregnancy Category C Risk cannot be ruled out




CSA Schedule N Not a controlled drug





Close











Manufacturer



Libertas Pharma 




Drug Class


Urinary antispasmodics



Related Drugs


urinary antispasmodics oxybutynin, Myrbetriq, VESIcare, tolterodine, Detrol, DitropanUrinary Tract Infection ciprofloxacin, amoxicillin, doxycycline, Augmentin, Levaquin, Bactrim, levofloxacin, nitrofurantoin, Macrobid, sulfamethoxazole / trimethoprim, ceftriaxone, cefuroxime, cranberry, Rocephin, Ceftin, Acidophilus, Zosyn, Bactrim DS, ampicillin, amoxicillin / clavulanate, Amoxil, cefazolin, More... 




FDA Consumer Updates



Depression: FDA-Approved Medications May Help
Dealing with ADHD: What You Need to Know
Making Decisions for Your Health: Getting the Info You Need
FDA: Cutting-Edge Technology Sheds Light on Antibiotic Resistance

More FDA updates




Hyoscyamine / methenamine / methylene blue / phenyl salicylate Rating



12 User Reviews


                  8.4/10







12 User Reviews




 
 
 

 8.4 Rate it! 





Hyoscyamine / methenamine / methylene blue / phenyl salicylate Images




Hyoscyamine / methenamine / methylene blue / phenyl salicylate systemic hyoscyamine 0.12 mg / methenamine 81.6 mg / methylene blue 10.8 mg / phenyl salicylate 36.2 mg / sodium phosphate monobasic 40.8 mg (293 )





View larger images






Related News and Articles




The Doctor Will (Virtually) See You Now
June 8, 2017


Stroke Risk Can Rise With Pregnancy-Linked High Blood Pressure
May 25, 2017


Can Tracking Germs in One Hospital Make All Hospitals Safer?
May 24, 2017











Drugs.com Mobile Apps
The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices.
Explore Apps











Support

Help Center
Frequent Questions
Sitemap
Contact Us



About

About Drugs.com
Advertising Policy
Content Submissions
Drugs.com Blog



Terms & Privacy

Editorial Policy
Privacy Policy

Terms of Use
Attribution & Citations





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 
YouTube 
RSS Feed 


Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published.




Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated July 5th, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated July 13th, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated July 5th, 2017) and  others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy.








Third Party Advertising


We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here


Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved.









Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on GooglePlus
Email to a friend

Hide




























UNIBEL NORD SRL | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Food Wholesalers Industry Report


















UNIBEL NORD SRLCompany Information

Abatorului Entrance, No. 5, 4th FloorGlina, Romania+40-213232015 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

UNIBEL NORD SRL Company Profile
Groceries and related products, nec, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional UNIBEL NORD SRL Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Glina, Romania
Food Wholesalers







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















           
        
            
    Unibel

        
        
         - Noshly
         - Wise eating, made easy. 
                                                     LOG IN SIGN UP                             Wise Eating Made Easy                     Unibel   
                                        France
                                      http://www.unibel.be/   
        Overview   
        Research   
        Brands   
        Comments     Ownership    Groupe Lactalis      
                                            Unibel
                                           view full ownership tree   Data provided by        Company Details   http://www.unibel.be/  info@unibel.be Registered Name Unibel Registered Number Unknown Short Name Unibel    Contact Unibel              Join the Noshly Community today!         Keep me updated!                      Company Overview   This profile is not complete. Be awesome & Write a better description.   * please see our data & license information         Research
                    i.e. dirt on and praise for Unibel    This company doesn't have any research associated with it. 
                    
                        Dig up dirt or discover
                        praise for Unibel,
                        and comment the answer below to save the next person the trouble.
                              Brands      
                            
                                No brands have been recorded. Use your brand searching Google-Fu,
                                and comment the answers below to save the next person the trouble.
                                    Products      
                            
                                No products have been recorded. Use your product searching Google-Fu,
                                and comment the answers below to save the next person the trouble.
                                     Featured Items      
                            
                                No featured items have been recorded. Use your featured item searching Google-Fu,
                                and comment the answers below to save the next person the trouble.
                                        Comments
                    i.e. reviews, reactions, feedback - all welcome!      Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by
                Disqus. comments powered by Disqus          Wise eating, made easier, with the noshly mobile app!   Grocery shopping shouldn’t be hard or unenjoyable, and yet every day millions of shoppers
                            struggle with their purchases at grocery stores around the world.    Get App!                                  Mobile AppAdditivesby Nameby Numberby SynonymsSuppliersAboutFAQDisclaimerPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseDMCA NoticeGuideBrandsCompaniesGroceriesNutritionCollaborate!IndividualsCompaniesChange LogBusiness  Additive SuppliersFood MerchantsDonate Now          © 2011-2017 Noshly Pty. Ltd. - ACN: 153 134 813   constant tweaking by Django Web Shop Hunted Hive Studio             × Register for the Noshly Pilot App      You'll be the first to know when we come to your area!
				Email* We don't share this with anyone
				Post Code / Zip Code* So we know where to focus our effort
				Captcha*What is 6 - 2?  you're details won't be shared. See the privacy policy   Close Submit               × Register for the Noshly Pilot App      We'll follow up personally with further information.
				Business name
			 
				Contact name
			 
				Email* 
				Phone number
			 
				Message
			
				Captcha*What is 8 + 7?  you're details won't be shared. See the privacy policy   Close Submit               × Member Registration      Username       Password       Repeat Password         I agree with the terms & conditions
                              Close Register             × Member Login      Username       Password         Remember Me
                          Lost Password     Close Login             × Regional Filter    what should go here?    Close Login            × Modal title    One fine body…    Close Save changes              × Newsletter Signup     Email         Keep me updated!               × Do you want to donate?     Your donation   $  2 5 10 20     Credit card number       Credit expiration month   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12    /    2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025      CVV       Cardholder name         No thanks! 
                        Let's do it!
                                  × Unibel Brands    
                        
                            Use your brand searching Google-Fu,
                            and comment the answers below to save the next person the trouble.
                            Close             × Unibel Products    
                        
                            Use your brand searching Google-Fu,
                            and comment the answers below to save the next person the trouble.
                             Close             × Unibel Featured Items    
                        
                            Use your brand searching Google-Fu,
                            and comment the answers below to save the next person the trouble.
                            Close           ×       Upload a Receipt  Upload a receipt and begin the discovery process Note: You can upload multiple images. Subsequent images will be grouped with the first image if
                        they are submitted withing a 5 minute time frame       Add images...     Delete                                  


Unibel Co Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























unibel co ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Staples
Industry: Retail - Consumer Staples
Sub-Industry: Food & Drug Stores
Unibel Company Ltd was founded in 1979. The Company's line of business includes the wholesale distribution of a general line of groceries.




Corporate Information
Address:

44 Atomic Ave
Etobicoke, M8Z 5L1
Canada


Phone:
0001-41653335


Fax:
0001-41653334


Web url:
www.fermafoods.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Bel Group - Brands





















Brands – Bel Group















































                        Menu
                    










Other Bel sitesBel sitesUkraineTurkeySwedenSlovakiaThe United KingdomCzech RepublicPortugalPolandNetherlandsNorwayMoroccoJapanDenmarkBel FoodserviceAustriaGermanyBel IndustriesUnibel« La Maison de La vache qui rit »La boutique La vache qui ritNotre service consommateur FranceThe Bel artistic laboratoryThe Bel Foundation 



FR
EN
 




Recherche...







Group

Profile
Key figures
Bel cheeses
Social Wall
Strategy
Management team
International presence
Our activities
Company history
2015 Business and CSR report


Brands

Brands philosophy
Brands
Get to know Bel and its products
Favorite Bel cheese
Co-branding
La Maison de La vache qui rit®


Expertises

Know how
24 hours in a Bel plant
Manufacturing performance
Innovation
R&D and engineering


Sustainability

Growth Model
The long term dairy sector

Bel and WWF towards a sustainable dairy production


Nutrition and natural content
Responsible innovation
Environmental Efficiency


Careers

The Bel experience
Our employees talk about
Bel jobs
Join us
Student section


Finance

Key figures
Financial calendar and Articles of association
Shareholders
Corporate gouvernance
Regulatory information
General meetings


Purchasing
 








                        Menu
                    




Recherche...






Group

Profile
Key figures
Bel cheeses
Social Wall
Strategy
Management team
International presence
Our activities
Company history
2015 Business and CSR report


Brands

Brands philosophy
Brands
Get to know Bel and its products
Favorite Bel cheese
Co-branding
La Maison de La vache qui rit®


Expertises

Know how
24 hours in a Bel plant
Manufacturing performance
Innovation
R&D and engineering


Sustainability

Growth Model
The long term dairy sector

Bel and WWF towards a sustainable dairy production


Nutrition and natural content
Responsible innovation
Environmental Efficiency


Careers

The Bel experience
Our employees talk about
Bel jobs
Join us
Student section


Finance

Key figures
Financial calendar and Articles of association
Shareholders
Corporate gouvernance
Regulatory information
General meetings


Purchasing
 







FR
EN
 


Other Bel sitesBel sitesUkraineTurkeySwedenSlovakiaThe United KingdomCzech RepublicPortugalPolandNetherlandsNorwayMoroccoJapanDenmarkBel FoodserviceAustriaGermanyBel IndustriesUnibel« La Maison de La vache qui rit »La boutique La vache qui ritNotre service consommateur FranceThe Bel artistic laboratoryThe Bel Foundation 










BrandsBrands 



                        Discover Bel's five core brands                    

                        Bel's five core brands are known and appreciated on every continent. All share a sense of conviviality and a good dose of audacity.                    




 Share 


























				  98% milk, 100% fun				

          Discover Mini Babybel®        








				  The instigator of intense and and refined cravings				

          Discover Boursin®        








				  The mythic little square with the childhood taste				

          Discover Kiri®        








				  A unique taste and personality				

          Discover Leerdammer®        








				  90 years young and still smiling				

          Discover La vache qui rit®        





learn about our other beands
Bel sells its five flagship brands on five continents, but it also has more than 25 strong, local and international brands.



Adler Edelcreme




Apericube




Babybel




Bonbel




Cantadou




Cousteron




Gervais




Karicha




Kaukauna




Les enfants




Limiano




Maredsous




Merkts




Picon




Port Salut




Price's




Regal Picon




Samos




Smetanito




Sylphide




Syrokrém




Syrtos




Terra Nostra




Wispride








Legals
Credits
Site map




Unibel Ltd. ,Bulgaria

















 
Welcome Guest, Join Free / Sign In
Home Categories Regions Search Member



Global SuppliersAgriculture Unibel Ltd. Profile
Unibel Ltd.




Company Name : Unibel Ltd.About Us : Unibel Ltd.re company that is one of the most popular sunflower oil seller in Bulgaria.We also export sunflower oil for Greece, Turkey, Serbia, ***** esteemed company is producing 100% refined sunflower oil since 2002 year. The factory in the town of Yambol for processing vegetable oils and production of oil products including Refinery for liquid oils and department for margarine is located on an area of 130 dca in the industrial part of the town. In August 2004 the first stage of production of refined oil was completed. The process of refining is constant and it is designed on the most modern technology for refining vegetable oils. The refinery is equipped with machines and devices from Alfa-LavalÃ¢, Sweden, as well as GianazzaÃ¢, Italy. The sunflower oil refined meets all European norms for quality. Unibel Refinery entirely satisfies the needs of the factory for margarine produced from refined sunflower oil with the highest quality and it exports for Greece and Albaniia.Product/Service : sunflower oil,100% Refined Sunflower Oil Country/Region : Bulgaria > Category : AgricultureContact Person : Mr. Eugene Petrov (Marketing)Link More : Bulgaria Agriculture ,Bulgaria Oils & ExtractsTelephone : Mobile phone : Address : Industrial area,Fourtheen Str.,N22, Jambol, Jambol, BulgariaBusiness Type : Manufacturing 


Oils & Extracts Related CompanyDamoura Bros Co Dageo Essentials NORTH SOUTH TRADERS PANOS GKINIS Mukinbudin Sandalwood Factory Starlight trading Co Sena Mills Refineries ( Pvt ) Ltd Ringing Woods VIKING EDIBLE OILS SDN BHD Svoi Ludi Ltd. Co AGROLEK LTD kavya international. GLOBAL JOINT INTERNATIONAL LTD KEMSAN ET VE KEMIK UNU SAN. AL AQSA TRADING RAINES INTERNATIONAL TRADE AGENCY FAR EAST TRADING COMPANY LIMITED MIS SARL Xi'an Victory Biochemical Technology Co.,Ltd. SPEARSON LIMITED Jiangxi Wantong Mineral Processing Plant  




Browse by RegionTenev Group Ltd Multi Park Ltd Best Consult Lilovi 77 Ltd First May JSC Komaks ltd Melnitsa Varna 2006 Ltd Dimitar Genov "MLADENOV TRADE" Ltd. Sitalk Sevuktekin Bulgaria Ltd. Etalon Trade Ltd ebl-fil Redji 2009 LTD ESocks (ParagonBG) 




Recently UpdatedAtulit Impex India Pvt Ltd Mink Hair Company ShenTong machinery Co., Ltd. Eminence Clock and Gift Manufacturers COMMODITIES IMPEX INDIA Qingdao Senji Timber Co.,Ltd Ningbo Sanwave Mould Manufacturing Co.,Ltd. Master Textile Impex Ltd (HK) Shanghai Zhaoxue Refrigeration Equipment Co., Ltd. Newborns Corner Forward Farma MARUTI FOODS EXPORTS safety people inc Suizhou Gaincin Machinery Co.,Ltd VNLINKER 




Copyright © 2017 www.supplierss.com (Global Suppliers & Manufacturers Directory) All rights reserved. MOBILE VERSION 



