










 













 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Terms of Use - Fidelity Investments














































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Terms of Use
                                                        

                                           

			Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund, 529 or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or fact kit containing this information. Read it carefully.
		




















 Terms of Use 
These Terms of Use were last modified in September 2016.
 Terms of Use and your acceptance of them. Read before continuing. 
FMR LLC is pleased to provide you with the information, content, tools, products and services on all Fidelity Sites (the term "Fidelity Sites" refers to all Fidelity web sites, as well as to the content on them). Because these Terms of Use cover multiple web sites, some terms may refer to items that are available only on certain Fidelity sites. These Terms of Use also include some important disclosures and information related to certain products and services. Your use of Fidelity Sites is subject to these Terms of Use ("Terms"). There are many different Fidelity companies ("Fidelity Entities"), and their affiliates, that provide information, content, tools, products and services on and through the Fidelity Sites. These Fidelity Entities are identified below and in each part of the Fidelity Sites where they provide such information, content and services.
These Terms are a binding agreement between you and the Fidelity Entities listed below, as well as their U.S. affiliates ("Fidelity"). By using or accessing the Fidelity Sites, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. Your use of Fidelity Sites is governed by the version of the Terms in effect on the date each Fidelity Site is accessed by you. Fidelity may modify these Terms at any time and without prior notice. You should review the most current version of these Terms by visiting a Fidelity Site and clicking on the Terms of Use hyperlink located at the bottom of the page. These Terms are in addition to any other agreements between you and Fidelity, including any customer or account agreements, and any other agreements that govern your use of information, content, tools, products and services available on and through the Fidelity Sites.
 Contents 

Use of Fidelity sites
Fidelity sites and companies
Professionally managed accounts
Mutual funds
Life insurance and variable annuities
Workplace savings plans
529 College Plans
Information for foreign investors
Broker-dealer's potential conflicts
Limitations on investment guidance and professional advice
Copyright policy, linking policy and trademarks
Third party content and research
Timeliness of content
Prohibited uses
Means of access
Password security and notification
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Indemnification
Changes to Fidelity sites
Termination
Governing law
Severability

 
 Use of Fidelity sites 
The Fidelity Sites are intended only for your personal, non-commercial use, unless you and Fidelity have agreed otherwise in writing.
 
 Fidelity sites and companies 
FMR LLC is the parent company of various Fidelity Entities. Some of these Fidelity Entities are financial services companies, that may be registered under federal or state laws, and others are not regulated as such and may, for example, provide information and content publishing services. A listing of all Fidelity Entities, that provide content on the Fidelity Sites, is listed below.
Portions of certain Fidelity Sites are published or selected by Fidelity Interactive Content Services LLC ("FICS"). FICS is a company with main offices in New York, NY. FICS seeks to present objective news, information, data and guidance on personal finance and investment topics drawn from a diverse collection of sources including affiliated and non-affiliated financial services publications. Content drawn from FICS affiliated entities is marked and labeled as such. FICS selected and published content is not intended to provide tax, legal, insurance or investment advice and should not be construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any security by any Fidelity Entity or any third party. Certain tools published by FICS may provide general information and guidance based upon your personalized input. Securities quotes are delayed unless otherwise noted. FICS is owned by FMR LLC and is an affiliate of Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, among others.
The following investments and brokerage products and services are offered through Fidelity Sites by the Fidelity Entity indicated. These four Fidelity Entities are also broker-dealers:
Retail brokerage accounts and trading products and services, the FundsNetwork® Program, and investment and workplace savings plan products and services offered directly to investors and plan sponsors are offered by:

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC ("FBS"), Member NYSE, SIPC, 900 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917

Investment and workplace savings plan products and services distributed through investment professionals are offered by:

Fidelity Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc. ("FIIS"), 500 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917

Fidelity Mutual Funds are offered by:

Fidelity Distributors Corp. ("FDC"), 100 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917

Institutional products and services are offered by:

National Financial Services LLC ("NF"), Member NYSE, SIPC, 200 Seaport Boulevard, Boston, MA 02110

The following is a selected list of various Fidelity Entities that also provide information, content, tools and products and services through a Fidelity Site:

Strategic Advisers, Inc. (SAI), a registered investment advisor
Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB ("FPTC"), a federal savings bank
Fidelity Management Trust Company ("FMTC")
Fidelity Interactive Content Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc. ("FIIS")
Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc.
Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company ("FILI")
Empire Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company, New York, NY

 
 Professionally managed accounts 
Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service®, Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service at Work, BlackRock® Diversified Income Portfolio and Fidelity® Strategic Disciplines are services offered through Strategic Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser and a Fidelity Investments Company. Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios may be offered through the following Fidelity Investments companies: Strategic Advisers, Inc., Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB ("FPTC"), a federal savings bank, or Fidelity Management Trust Company ("FMTC"). Non-deposit investment products and trust services offered through FPTC and FMTC and their affiliates are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency, are not obligations of any bank, and are subject to risk, including possible loss of principal. These services provide discretionary money management for a fee.
 
 Mutual funds 
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.
Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.
 
 Life insurance and variable annuities 

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC and/or Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., distribute fixed and variable insurance products issued by Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company, Empire Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company, New York, NY, and certain third party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.
 
 Workplace savings plans 
Some of the funds and services described on the Fidelity Sites may not be available or appropriate in a workplace savings plan. Check with your employer for information on any investment restrictions associated with your 401(k), 401(a), 403(b), or 457 savings plan, or nonqualified deferred compensation plan at work. Or, if your workplace savings plan is already with Fidelity, call your toll-free retirement benefits line or log on to Fidelity NetBenefits® to find out more about the investment options available to you in your workplace savings plan.
If you hold Fidelity Advisor Fund assets outside of your employer-sponsored retirement plan, accounts with such assets are not included in the list of Fidelity accounts.
Company Stock Funds are not mutual funds and are unmanaged, non-diversified investment options. The value of your investment in the Company Stock Fund is affected by the performance of the company and the overall stock market, as well as the amount and performance of any short term investments held by the fund.
Managed Income Funds, Commingled Pools and individually managed options, such as Strategies, are not mutual funds. Although individual investment contracts purchased for a managed income fund are backed by the issuer of the debt, units of the fund are not guaranteed by the manager, Plan sponsor or insured by the FDIC.
A summary of the benefits provided under a workplace savings plan is contained in the Summary Plan Description for the plan. Full details are provided in the official plan document, which governs the operation of the plan. In the event that the content of a Fidelity Site or any oral representations made by any person regarding the plan conflict with or are inconsistent with the provisions of the governing plan document, the provisions of the governing plan documents are controlling. The information presented on a Fidelity Site is not intended to create, nor is it to be construed to create, a contract between (1) an employer or a Fidelity Entity and (2) any one of the employer’s employees or other plan participants. Each employer reserves the right to amend, modify, suspend, replace or terminate any of its plans, policies or programs, in whole or in part, including any level or form of coverage, by appropriate company action, without the consent or concurrence of persons affected.
 
 529 College Savings Plans 
The UNIQUE College Investing Plan, U.Fund College Investing Plan®, Delaware College Investment Plan, and the Fidelity Arizona resident College Savings Plan are offered by the State of New Hampshire, MEFA, the State of Delaware, and the Arizona Commission for Postsecondary Education, respectively, and managed by Fidelity. If you or the designated beneficiary are not a New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Delaware, or Arizona resident, you may want to consider, before investing, whether your state or the designated beneficiarys home state offers its residents a plan with alternate state tax advantages or other benefits.
Units of the College Savings Plan Portfolios are municipal securities and may be subject to market volatility and fluctuation.
Please carefully consider the Plan's investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses before investing. For this and other information on any 529 College Savings Plan managed by Fidelity, contact Fidelity for a free Fact Kit, or view online. Read it carefully before you invest or send money.
 
 Information for foreign investors 
The Fidelity Sites are intended to be made available only to individuals in the United States, and the information on the Fidelity Sites is only for such persons. Nothing on the Fidelity Sites shall be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security, or any other product or service, to any person in any jurisdiction where such offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the laws of such jurisdiction.
Persons outside of the United States should visit Fidelity Institutional, which will direct them to the appropriate overseas web site of Fidelity's non-U.S. affiliates. Fidelity's non-U.S. affiliates, Fidelity Worldwide Investments (FIL Limited), Fidelity Investments Canada Limited, Fidelity Investments Management (H.K.) Limited, Fidelity Investments Japan, and Fidelity Brokerage Services Japan LLC offer products and services designed specifically for overseas investors.
 
 Broker-dealer's potential conflicts 
As a broker-dealer, Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC or its affiliates may act as principal for its own account or as agent for its customers in connection with the sale to you or purchase by you of a security that is the subject of content prepared by Fidelity. If it receives a mark-up or commission or acts as agent for another person in connection with any such transaction, Fidelity may have a potential conflict of interest. You understand this potential conflict and acknowledge that you may choose to effect securities transactions at another broker-dealer.
 
 Limitations on investment guidance and professional advice 
The Fidelity Sites are not intended to provide legal, tax, investment or insurance advice. Nothing on the Fidelity Sites should be construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any security by Fidelity or any third party. Certain investment planning tools available on the Fidelity Sites may provide general investment education based on your input. You are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, investment strategy, security or related transaction is appropriate for you based on your personal investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance. You should consult your legal or tax professional regarding your specific situation.
 
 Copyright policy, linking policy and trademarks 
The Fidelity Sites are protected by applicable copyright laws. Accordingly, you may not copy, distribute, modify, post or frame-in the Fidelity Sites, including any text, graphics, video, audio, software code, user interface design or logos.
Unless you and Fidelity have agreed otherwise, links from another web site to a Fidelity Site must resolve to the top-level homepage of a Fidelity domain (e.g., www.fidelity.com, www.netbenefits.com). In order to avoid confusion if you do link from another web site to a Fidelity Site top-level homepage, your web site, and the link itself, may not suggest that Fidelity endorses, sponsors or is affiliated with any non-Fidelity web site, entity, service or product, and may not make use of any Fidelity trademarks or service marks other than those contained within the text of the link.
All trademarks and service marks on the Fidelity Sites belong to FMR LLC or an affiliate, except third-party trademarks and service marks, which are the property of their respective owners.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Fidelity with the following information:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright allegedly infringed;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are the subject of a single notice, a representative list of such works;
An identification of the allegedly infringing material, and a description of where that material is located on the Fidelity Sites;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the disputed material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information you provide in your notice is accurate and that you are the owner of the allegedly infringed copyright, or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

Fidelity's Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail: Tanya Courcey, Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210
By phone: 617-563-9840 By email: CopyrightClaim@fmr.com
  
 Third party content and research 
The Fidelity Sites include general news and information, commentary, interactive tools, quotes, research reports and data concerning the financial markets, securities and other subjects. Some of this content is supplied by companies that are not affiliated with any Fidelity Entity ("Third Party Content"). Some Third Party Content may be provided by mutual fund companies whose shares are available for purchase by Fidelity customers on the FundsNetwork® or other platform. On the Fidelity Sites, the source of all Third Party Content is clearly and prominently identified. Third Party Content providers include, but are not limited to, CNN Money, Dow Jones, MarketWatch, and Reuters. Third Party Content is available through framed areas, through hyperlinks to third party web sites, or is simply published on the site. The Third Party Content is protected by copyright pursuant to United States laws and international treaties and is owned or licensed by the Third Party Content provider(s) credited.
Fidelity has not been involved in the preparation, adoption or editing of Third Party Content and does not explicitly or implicitly endorse or approve such content. The Third Party Content providers do not implicitly or explicitly endorse or approve the Third Party Content, nor do they give investment advice, or advocate the purchase or sale of any security or investment.
While Fidelity makes every attempt to provide accurate and timely information to serve the needs of users, neither Fidelity nor the Third Party Content providers guarantee its accuracy, timeliness, completeness or usefulness, and are not responsible or liable for any such content, including any advertising, products, or other materials on or available from third party sites. Third Party Content is provided for informational purposes only and Fidelity and the Third Party Content providers specifically disclaim any responsibility for Third Party Content available on the site. You will use Third Party Content only at your own risk. THE THIRD PARTY CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. THE THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS AND THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, LICENSORS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE THIRD PARTY CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE DAMAGES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
In order to comply with applicable laws and regulations, Fidelity may at times exclude content with respect to securities of issuers which are the subject of public offerings made available to Fidelity's brokerage customers, or otherwise. Certain other content filtering may take place from time to time based on objective criteria.
"CUSIP" identifiers have been provided by CUSIP Global Services, managed on behalf of the American Bankers Association by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, LLC, and are not for use or dissemination in a manner that would serve as a substitute for any CUSIP service. The CUSIP Database, © 2010 American Bankers Association. "CUSIP" is a registered trademark of the American Bankers Association.
 
 Timeliness of content 
All content on the Fidelity Sites is presented only as of the date published or indicated, and may be superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. In addition, you are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browser to ensure you are receiving the most recent data.
 
 Prohibited uses 
Because all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people, do not use Fidelity Sites in any manner that could damage or overburden any Fidelity server, or any network connected to any Fidelity server. Do not use Fidelity Sites in any manner that would interfere with any other party's use of the Fidelity Sites.
 
 Means of access 
The Fidelity Sites are generally intended to be viewed by a conventional web browser with a screen resolution of 800 by 600 pixels or greater. Although you may use other means to access the Fidelity Sites, be aware that the Fidelity Sites may not appear accurately through other access methods, and you use them only at your own risk.
You should not access the Fidelity Sites through devices or services that are designed to provide high-speed, automated, repeated access, unless such devices are approved or made available by Fidelity.
Certain parts of the Fidelity Sites are protected by passwords or require a login. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to such parts of the Fidelity Sites, or to any other protected materials or information, through any means not intentionally made available by Fidelity for your specific use.
Links provided on Fidelity sites to mutual fund prospectuses may resolve to the fund's summary prospectus, if available, or alternatively to the fund's full prospectus.
 
 Password security and notification 
If you have a password for access to non-public areas of the Fidelity Sites, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and use of the password and other security data, methods and devices. Further, you are responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your password including all instructions electronically transmitted or use of any data, information or services obtained using your password and other security data. Fidelity shall not be under any duty to inquire as to the authority or propriety of any instructions given to Fidelity by you or via your password and shall be entitled to act upon any such instructions and Fidelity will not be liable for any loss, cost, expense or other liability arising out of any such instructions. Accordingly, you should take steps to protect the confidentiality of your password. As an authorized user you accept full responsibility for the monitoring of your account including frequently checking your account information, reviewing your transaction history online and promptly reviewing any correspondence, account statements and confirmations received from Fidelity. Notify Fidelity immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized activity, disclosure, loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password. You agree to cooperate with Fidelity in any investigation and agree to take corrective measures to protect your account from further fraudulent activity.
 
 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 

FIDELITY DOES NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ABOUT THE FIDELITY SITES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE FIDELITY SITES ARE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND FIDELITY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY DEFECTS OR INACCURACIES WILL BE CORRECTED.
FIDELITY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FIDELITY SITES WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS, OR THAT THEY WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE. FIDELITY ALSO MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE FIDELITY SITES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR THAT THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE FIDELITY SITES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS. THIS PROVISION MAY NOT APPLY TO PARTICIPANTS IN CERTAIN EMPLOYER-SPONSORED WORKPLACE SAVINGS PLANS.

 
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

FIDELITY WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, DIRECT, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM USE OR LOSS OF USE OF THE FIDELITY SITES AND THIRD PARTY CONTENT, INCONVENIENCE OR DELAY). THIS IS TRUE EVEN IF FIDELITY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.
FIDELITY WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM A CAUSE OVER WHICH SUCH FIDELITY DOES NOT HAVE DIRECT CONTROL. THIS INCLUDES FAILURE OF ELECTRONIC OR MECHANICAL EQUIPMENT OR COMMUNICATIONS LINES (INCLUDING TELEPHONE, CABLE AND INTERNET), UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, VIRUSES, THEFT, OPERATOR ERRORS, SEVERE OR EXTRAORDINARY WEATHER (INCLUDING FLOOD, EARTHQUAKE, OR OTHER ACT OF GOD), FIRE, WAR, INSURRECTION, TERRORIST ACT, RIOT, LABOR DISPUTE AND OTHER LABOR PROBLEMS, ACCIDENT, EMERGENCY OR ACTION OF GOVERNMENT.
IF YOU LIVE IN A STATE THAT DOES NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR IF YOU ACCESS THE FIDELITY SITES SOLELY THROUGH AN ARRANGEMENT WITH YOUR EMPLOYER OR PLAN SPONSOR, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

 
 Indemnification 
As a condition of your use of the Fidelity Sites, you agree to indemnify and hold Fidelity and its Third Party Content providers harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from your use of the Fidelity Sites, or from your violation of these Terms. This provision may not apply to participants in certain employer-sponsored workplace savings plans.
 
 Changes to Fidelity sites 
Unless otherwise agreed, Fidelity may discontinue or modify the Fidelity Sites at any time without prior notice to you, and you accept those modifications if you continue to use the Fidelity Sites.
 
 Termination 
Fidelity may terminate your access to the Fidelity Sites for any reason, without prior notice.
 
 Governing law 
Unless otherwise agreed, these Terms and their enforcement are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to conflicts of law, and shall inure to the benefit of Fidelity's successors and assigns, whether by merger, consolidation, or otherwise. This provision may not apply to participants in certain employer-sponsored workplace savings plans.
 
 Severability 
If a court of competent jurisdiction deems any provision unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.




















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548


Find an Investor Center












627308.14.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 



United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:59 PM ET

Company Overview of United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership



Snapshot People




Company Overview
United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership operates as a subsidiary of United Rentals of Nova Scotia (No.1), ULC.


Five Greenwich Office ParkGreenwich, CT 06831United States



Phone: 203-622-3131








Key Executives for United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership


United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













URI: Dividend Date & History for United Rentals, Inc.

















































close
×




Are you getting the best rate from your broker?
Compare your broker's rates now to find out if you can save money




Choose your broker below





Thank you for selecting your broker
We are redirecting you to the Broker Center now









Vanguard



Fidelity



TD Ameritrade



E-Trade



Other








close
×



Welcome to Dividend.com. Please help us personalize your experience.



Select the one that best describes you




Individual Investor



Institutional Investor



Financial Advisor






Your personalized experience is almost ready.





Join other Individual Investors receiving FREE personalized market updates and research.


Join other Institutional Investors receiving FREE personalized market updates and research.


Join other Financial Advisors receiving FREE personalized market updates and research.










Not interested




Thank you!
Check your email and confirm your subscription to complete your personalized experience.


Thank you for your submission, we hope you enjoy your experience




ALERTStrong Defense Leads to 25% Gain for Best Dividend Aerospace Pick


Pricing
Go Premium For Free
Login



Best Dividend StocksEx-Dividend DatesHigh Yield StocksScreenerDividend ToolsMarket CatalystsYuan DevaluationRising Interest RatesTrump's VictoryOld Market CatalystsIf Hillary Clinton WinsBest Dividend StocksEx-Dividend Date SearchFree Daily Dividend NewsletterDividend Investing IdeasDividend PortfoliosMonthly Dividend StocksMonthly Income GeneratorBrowse all Dividend StocksBrowse Dividend Stocks by SectorBasic MaterialsConglomeratesConsumer GoodsFinancialHealthcareIndustrial GoodsServicesTechnologyUtilitiesDARS™ Rating SystemSpecial DividendsForeign Dividend StocksMaster Limited Partnerships (MLPs)Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)Dividend FundsPreferred StocksDow 30 Dividend Stocks25-Year Dividend Increasing Stocks10-Year Dividend Increasing StocksCompounding Returns CalculatorDividend ETFsNewsMy MoneyInvesting IdeasHow to Manage My MoneyMy CareerTaxesReal EstateUniversity & CollegeDividend Financial EducationWhat is a Dividend?Dividend Investing 101Introduction to Dividend StocksDividend Reinvestment PlansWhat is Dividend Yield?Dividend DatesDividend OptionsInvestor ResourcesLighter SideHow to RetireIRA GuideLife Insurance & Annuities5 Retirement Apps5 Budgeting AppsPremiumBest Dividend StocksNewsletterUpgrades/DowngradesPremium ArticlesEx-Dividend DatesDividend Payout ChangesMy WatchlistMy Watchlist NewsMy Watchlist PerformanceMost Watched StocksPricingMy AccountEdit Profile/Email AlertsMost Watched StocksRising Rates









Pricing
Go Premium For Free
Login













{:type=>"text", :name=>"", :tabindex=>"-1", :value=>""}







High Yield Stocks

Looking for dividend stocks with great yields? Visit our list of:
High Yield Dividend Stocks














Growth History




URI
Dividend Growth History






Annualized Growth  1994-2012
Annualized Growth  1994-2004
Annualized Growth  2004-2008
Annualized Growth  2008-2012
Annualized Growth  Last 5 Yrs
Annualized Growth  Last 3 Yrs

Annual  Growth 
2016

Consecutive  Years of  Increases








Unlock Dividend Growth History










URI News




URI
News





Premium



News

The Market Wrap for July 28: Fed Stands Firm

Aaron LevittJul 28, 2017
2017-07-28

This week, investors were greeted with an old foe: the Federal Reserve. Traders were focused on...





Premium



News

Get to Know QLAC

Aaron LevittJul 27, 2017
2017-07-27

One of the biggest problems facing investors these days is longevity. Thanks to advances in...





Premium



News

Fidelity’s Six Successful Investor Habits

Aaron LevittJul 26, 2017
2017-07-26

When it comes to retirement investing, long-term success is about 70/30. The thirty percent is...








News

Should Home Depot Be Your Exposure to the U.S. Housing Market?

Tanmoy RoyJul 26, 2017
2017-07-26

Home Depot (HD ) is “just” 39 years old and yet is the biggest home improvement retailer in the...





Premium



News

Will Subprime Loans Take the Auto Industry Down?

Aaron LevittJul 26, 2017
2017-07-26

The last few years have been pretty good for the automakers. Many consumers had put off buying...




More URI News







































Share

Articles
























URI Research




URI
Research








Dividend Investing 101

Performance of Dividend-Paying Stocks Over the Long Term

Sam BourgiJul 27, 2017
2017-07-27

Most value investors realize the power of long-term investing strategies in creating and...








Dividend Investing 101

How to Interpret Payout Ratio While Evaluating Dividend-Paying Stocks?

Michael McDonaldJul 13, 2017
2017-07-13

Have you ever considered a stock based on a seemingly attractive dividend but felt unsure if the...








Dividend University

What Creates More Value for Investors: Dividend Payout or Share Repurchases?

Sam BourgiJul 06, 2017
2017-07-06

Share repurchases often make intriguing news headlines, but rarely translate into good investment...








Dividend Investing Ideas Center

Dividends: An Inflation Hedge?

Sam BourgiJun 29, 2017
2017-06-29

After years of quantitative easing and rock-bottom interest rates that kept real Treasury bond...








Dividend Investing Ideas Center

What Are ADR Dividend Stocks?

Sam BourgiJun 22, 2017
2017-06-22

American Depository Receipts (ADRs) are growing in popularity as investors increasingly set their...




More URI Research







































Share

Articles
























Yield History




URI
Dividend Yield & Stock Price History





















Dividend Payout History




URI
Dividend Payout History

No Payout History Is Available








Historical Annual Dividend Data & Growth




URI
Historical Annual Dividend Data & Growth





Payout Amount
Calendar Year
Annual Growth




No Payout History Is Available




Unlock Historical Annual Dividend Data & Growth








Brought to You by Mitre Media















Dividend History




URI
Dividend History





Payout Amount
Declared Date
Ex-Dividend Date
Record Date
Pay Date ▼
Qualified Dividend?
Payout Type
Frequency




No Payout History Is Available



















Investor Resources




URI
Investor Resources

Learn more about United Rentals, Inc. on:


Company Website
For more information, visit the company website.



Investor Relations
Here you can find contact information on how to get in touch with the company.



Wiki Page
Visit the company page on Wikipedia.



SEC Filings
Get access to filings such as 8-K, 10-K, 13-D, Proxy Statements and more.

















Company Profile




URI
Company Profile



Exchange:
NYSE


Sector:
Services


Industry:
Business Services














Related Companies




URI
Related Companies




Company Name


Price


Change


% Change








ABM - ABM Industries



$44.74
-$0.05
-0.1%





ADS - Alliance Data Systems Corporation



$241.05
+$0.34
+0.1%





ALLY-A - GMAC Capital Trust I Fixed Rate Floating Rate Trust Preferred Securities, Series 2




+






BBU - Brookfield Business Partners L.P. Limited Partnership Units




+






BID - Sotheby's



$56.88
+$0.13
+0.2%





BR - Broadridge Financial Solutions



$75.46
-$0.04
-0.1%





BRC - Brady Corp



$33.15
-$0.25
-0.7%





BSM - Black Stone Minerals LP



$16.69
+$0.20
+1.2%





CLCT - Collectors Universe Inc



$24.85
+$0.39
+1.6%





CME - CME Group



$121.28
-$0.08
-0.1%



View All Related Stocks









Knowledge Centers





















Help & Info

Contact Us
About Us
FAQ
DARS™ Ratings



Dividend Stocks

Real Estate Investment Trusts
Master Limited Partnerships
Preferred Stocks
Dow 30 Dividend Stocks
25-Year Dividend Increasing Stocks
10-Year Dividend Increasing Stocks



Tools

Best Dividend Stocks
High Yield Stocks
Ex-Dividend Stocks
Income Generator
Foreign Dividend Stocks
Upgrades/Downgrades
Dividend Portfolios
Returns Calculator
Dividend History Data
My Watchlist
Most Watched Stocks
Testimonials



Education

The Dividend Daily
The Monthly Dividend Advisor
Dividend Investing 101
Dividend Investing Ideas
Dividend Financial Education
How to Retire
How to Manage My Money
My Career
Taxes
Life Insurance & Annuities
Real Estate
University & College
Investor Resources
Lighter Side



Legal

Terms of Use


Follow

Dividend.com



























Follow

Dividend.com











All stock quotes on this website should be considered as having a 24-hour delay.
Certain financial information included in Dividend.com is proprietary to Mergent, Inc. ("Mergent") Copyright © 2014. Reproduction of such information in any form is prohibited. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error by Mergent's sources, Mergent or others, Mergent does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, timeliness or availability or for the results obtained from the use of such information.








Mitre Media


Advertise With Us



©
2017
Mitre Media






































×
Close
Get FREE Dividend Tips, Updates & More



Over 100,000 investors subscribed, you can be sure this is dividend insight you just don’t want to miss.

Powerful dividend insights sent every weekday morning
Gain instant access to actionable investing tips
Strategically grow your portfolio’s profitability
















We Respect Your Privacy









×
Close
Advertisement








Close









×
Close
Wait! Is your portfolio protected for what the markets will bring this fall?









ETF Investing

The Low-Risk “All-Weather” Portfolio

Joel Kranc
2015-10-20

Creating a properly diversified portfolio can be a difficult proposition, especially when...








ETF Investing

Low Volatility ETF List


Low Volatility ETFs invest in securities with low volatility characteristics. These funds tend to have relatively stable share prices, and higher than average yields.








ETF Investing

10 ETFs for Risk Reduction in Your Portfolio

Bob Ciura
2016-03-22

Investors who suspect that the stock market may be about to decline can take action to reduce the...

























Close



}




X












United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership S-3 - Form S 3 Face Amount Certificate Companies Securities Registration Statement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > UNITED RENTALS FINANCING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP S-3

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership S-3
Form S 3 Face Amount Certificate Companies Securities Registration Statement



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves UNITED RENTALS FINANCING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: UNITED RENTALS FINANCING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP S-3 Date: 4/21/2010 Law Firm: Cravath Swaine;Sullivan Cromwell;Haynes Boone      









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     

Table of Contents

As filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21,
2010

Registration
No. 333-           

                             333-160884

 


 



 


 

UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

 

 

 

FORM
S-3 
  REGISTRATION
STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

 

 

  

United
Rentals, Inc.
United Rentals (North America), Inc. 
  (FOR
CO-REGISTRANTS, PLEASE SEE
TABLE OF CO-REGISTRANTS ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE)

(Exact
Names of Registrants as Specified in their Charters)

 




 



 



 





Delaware

Delaware 
(State or Other Jurisdiction of
Incorporation or Organization)



 



06-1522496

06-1493538 
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)




 

 

 

Five
Greenwich Office Park
Greenwich, Connecticut 06831
(203) 622-3131 
  (Address,
including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, including Area Code, of
Registrants' Principal Executive Offices)

 

 

 

Jonathan
M. Gottsegen, Esq.
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Five Greenwich Office Park
Greenwich, Connecticut 06831
(203) 622-3131 
  (Name,
Address, including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, including Area
Code, of Agent for Service)

 

 

  

Copies
to:

 




 



 



 





Andrew D.
Soussloff, Esq.
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
125 Broad Street
New York, New York 10004
(212) 558-4000



 



William V.
Fogg, Esq.
Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
Worldwide Plaza
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, New York 10019
(212) 474-1000




 

 

 

Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the
public:     From time
to time after the effective date of this registration
statement.

 

 

 

           If
the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered
pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check
the following box.  o

           If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be
offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered
only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans,
check the following box.  ý

           If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an
offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act,
please check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration
statement for the same offering.  o

           If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to
Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box
and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the
earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering.  o

           If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General
Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that
shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to
Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following
box.  o

           If
this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement
filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register
additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant
to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following
box.  o

           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated
filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Large accelerated filer 
o



 



Accelerated filer 
ý



 



Non-accelerated filer 
o

  (Do not
check if a smaller reporting company)



 



Smaller reporting company 
o




  CALCULATION
OF REGISTRATION FEE

 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





Title of
Each Class of Securities
to be Registered



 



Amount to
be
Registered(1)(2)



 



Proposed
Maximum
Offering Price per
Security(3)



 



Proposed
maximum
aggregate offering
price(1)(4)



 



Amount
of
Registration Fee(7)





 





United
Rentals, Inc.



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





 



Debt
securities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





 



Shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





 



Rights(5)



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





 



Shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





 



Warrants



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





United
Rentals (North America), Inc.



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





 



Debt
securities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





Guarantees
(6)



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





Total



 



$1,000,000,000



 



 



 



$1,000,000,000



 



$71,300





 




(See
footnotes on next page)

 


 



 


 

 

 

Table of Contents

 

(Footnotes
from previous page)

(1)

Not
specified as to each class of securities to be registered pursuant
to General Instruction II.D of Form S-3 under the
Securities Act of 1933. There is being registered hereunder an
indeterminate principal amount of debt securities and an
indeterminate number of shares of common stock, preferred stock and
warrants as may from time to time be issued at indeterminate prices
and as may be issuable upon conversion, redemption, exchange,
exercise or settlement of any securities registered hereunder,
including under any applicable antidilution provisions. Any
securities registered hereunder may be sold separately or together
with other securities registered hereunder.


(2)

Pursuant to
Rule 429 under the Securities Act of 1933, the securities
covered by the prospectus filed as part of this Registration
Statement include $327,500,000 in aggregate initial offering price
of United Rentals, Inc.'s debt securities, shares of common
stock, preferred stock and warrants, and United Rentals (North
America), Inc.'s debt securities and the guarantees thereon
that were previously registered pursuant to Registration Statement
(File No. 333-160884) and have not yet been issued and
sold.


(3)

The
proposed maximum offering price per security will be determined
from time to time by the registrant in connection with the issuance
by the registrant of the securities registered hereunder.


(4)

Estimated
solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant
to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933 and exclusive
of accrued interest, dividends and distributions, if any. The
aggregate initial offering price of all securities issued from time
to time pursuant to this registration statement shall not exceed
$1,000,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in foreign currencies,
foreign currency units or composite currencies. If any debt
securities are issued at an original issue discount, then such debt
securities may be issued so long as the aggregate initial offering
price of all such debt securities, together with the initial
offering price of all other securities registered and offered
hereunder, does not exceed $1,000,000,000 or the equivalent thereof
in foreign currencies, foreign currency units or composite
currencies.


(5)

Each share
of common stock includes one preferred stock purchase right as
described in the attached prospectus under " Description
of Holdings' Common Stock—Stockholder Rights Plan
."


(6)

United
Rentals, Inc. will, and certain subsidiaries of United Rentals
(North America), Inc. may, fully and unconditionally guarantee
the payment of principal of, and premium (if any) and interest on,
the debt securities of United Rentals (North America), Inc.
Pursuant to Rule 457(n) under the Securities Act of 1933, no
additional filing fee is being paid in respect of the guarantees.
The guarantees will not be traded separately.


(7)

A
registration fee of $55,800 was previously paid on July 29,
2009 in connection with the registration of $1,000,000,000 in
aggregate initial offering price of securities. Of that amount,
$672,500,000 in aggregate initial offering price of securities were
sold to the public, leaving a balance of unsold securities of
$327,500,000. As a result, a filing fee of $47,949.25 will be due
to register the additional $672,500,000 of securities.

           This
registration statement, which is a new registration statement, also
constitutes Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration
Statement No. 333-160844, which was declared effective on
November 4, 2009. Such Post-Effective Amendment shall
hereafter become effective concurrently with the effectiveness of
this registration statement and in accordance with
Section 8(c) of the Securities Act of 1933.

           Pursuant
to Rule 429 under the Securities Act of 1933, the Prospectus
contained in this registration statement and supplements to such
Prospectus will also be used in connection with the offering of
United Rentals, Inc.'s debt securities, shares of common
stock, preferred stock and warrants, and United Rentals (North
America), Inc.'s debt securities and the guarantees thereon
previously registered pursuant to the registrants' Registration
Statement (File No. 333-160884) and not issued.

           
The
registrants hereby amend this registration statement on such date
or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrants shall file a further amendment which specifically
states that this registration statement shall thereafter become
effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933 or until this registration statement shall become
effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission,
acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may
determine.

 

 

Table of Contents 

  
  TABLE OF CO-REGISTRANTS

 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 






Exact Name
of Co-Registrant as Specified in its Charter




 



I.R.S.
Employer
Identification No.



 



State or
Other Jurisdiction of
Incorporation or Organization



 





InfoManager, Inc. 



 



 



75-2836163



 



 



Texas



 





United
Rentals (Delaware), Inc. 



 



 



51-0414593



 



 



Delaware



 





United
Rentals Financing Limited Partnership



 



 



77-0704457



 



 



Delaware



 





United
Rentals Highway Technologies Gulf, Inc. 



 



 



06-1604996



 



 



Delaware



 





United
Rentals Northwest, Inc. 



 



 



93-0257120



 



 



Oregon



 





United
Rentals Realty, LLC



 



 



30-0505322



 



 



Delaware



 





Wynne
Systems, Inc. 



 



 



33-0507674



 



 



California



 




        Address,
including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, including Area Code, of
each Co-Registrant's Principal Executive Offices: c/o United
Rentals (North America), Inc., Five Greenwich Office Park,
Greenwich, Connecticut 06831, (203) 622-3131.

        Name,
Address, including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, including Area
Code, of each Co-Registrant's Agent for Service: Jonathan M.
Gottsegen, Esq., Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary, Five Greenwich Office Park, Greenwich,
Connecticut 06831, (203) 622-3131.

 

 

Table of Contents


The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be
changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is
effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities
and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any
state where the offer or sale is not permitted. 


SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 21, 2010

PROSPECTUS




United
Rentals, Inc.

Debt
Securities
Common Stock
(including one preferred
stock purchase right)
Preferred Stock
Warrants

United
Rentals (North America), Inc.

Debt
Securities
(and guarantees thereon)

 

 

 

        United
Rentals, Inc. (" Holdings ") may, from time to time,
offer and sell senior debt securities, common stock, preferred
stock and warrants. United Rentals (North America), Inc. ("
URNA ") may, from time to time, offer and sell senior and
senior subordinated debt securities, and Holdings will, and certain
of URNA's subsidiaries including InfoManager, Inc., United Rentals
(Delaware), Inc., United Rentals Financing Limited Partnership,
United Rentals Highway Technologies Gulf, Inc., United Rentals
Northwest, Inc., United Rentals Realty, LLC and Wynne Systems, Inc.
may, fully and unconditionally guarantee the principal of, and
premium (if any) and interest on, such debt securities. The debt
securities, preferred stock and warrants of Holdings and the debt
securities of URNA may be convertible into, or exercisable or
exchangeable for, common stock, preferred stock or other securities
of Holdings. Additionally, each share of Holdings common stock
includes one preferred stock purchase right. We may offer and sell
these securities from time to time in amounts, at prices and on
terms that will be determined at the time of the applicable
offering. The aggregate amount of the securities offered by us
under this prospectus will not exceed $1 billion.

        This
prospectus provides you with a general description of the
securities that may be offered in one or more offerings. Each time
securities are offered pursuant to this prospectus, we will provide
a prospectus supplement and attach it to this prospectus. The
prospectus supplement will contain more specific information about
the terms of the offering and the offered securities. A prospectus
supplement may also add to, update, modify or supersede the
information contained in this prospectus. This prospectus may not
be used to offer or sell securities unless accompanied by a
prospectus supplement describing the method and terms of the
applicable offering.

        We
may offer and sell the securities directly, through agents, dealers
or underwriters as designated from time to time, or through a
combination of these methods. If any agents, dealers or
underwriters are involved in the sale of any of our securities, the
applicable prospectus supplement will set forth any applicable
commissions or discounts and any over-allotment options. See "
Plan of Distribution " for a further description of the
manner in which we may dispose of the securities covered by this
prospectus. The price to the public of such securities and the net
proceeds we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth
in a prospectus supplement.

        The
common stock of Holdings is traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "URI." On April 20, 2010, the closing sale
price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange was $10.73
per share.

        You
should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus
supplement, together with the documents incorporated by reference
herein and therein, before making an investment
decision.

        
Investing
in our securities involves certain risks. See the section titled
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 6 of this prospectus and on
page 10 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2009, which is incorporated herein by
reference, as well as any risk factors included in, or incorporated
by reference into, the applicable prospectus supplement, to read
about factors you should consider before buying any of our debt
securities, common stock, preferred stock or warrants, as
applicable.

 

 

 

        
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
securities commission has approved or disapproved of these
securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or
complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

 

 

 

Prospectus
dated                       ,
2010.

 

 

          YOU
SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS OR
ANY ACCOMPANYING PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE HEREIN, AS DESCRIBED UNDER "
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE ," OR ANY
FREE WRITING PROSPECTUS THAT WE PREPARE AND DISTRIBUTE. WE HAVE NOT
AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION DIFFERENT FROM
THAT CONTAINED IN, OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO, THIS
PROSPECTUS OR ANY ACCOMPANYING PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT OR ANY FREE
WRITING PROSPECTUS. THIS PROSPECTUS, ANY ACCOMPANYING PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT AND ANY FREE WRITING PROSPECTUS MAY BE USED ONLY FOR THE
PURPOSES FOR WHICH THEY HAVE BEEN PUBLISHED, AND NO PERSON HAS BEEN
AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION NOT CONTAINED IN, OR
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO, THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE
ACCOMPANYING PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT OR ANY FREE WRITING PROSPECTUS.
IF YOU RECEIVE ANY OTHER INFORMATION, YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON IT.
YOU SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN, OR
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO, THIS PROSPECTUS IS ACCURATE AS OF
ANY DATE OTHER THAN THE DATE ON THE COVER PAGE OF THIS PROSPECTUS.
WE ARE NOT MAKING AN OFFER OF THESE SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION
WHERE THE OFFER IS NOT PERMITTED. 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

  




 



 



 



 



 





 



 



Page



 





ABOUT THIS
PROSPECTUS



 



 



2



 





WHERE YOU
CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION



 



 




2



 





INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE



 



 




2



 





FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS



 



 



4



 





THE
COMPANY



 



 



5



 





RISK
FACTORS



 



 



6



 





RATIO OF
EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES



 



 




7



 





USE OF
PROCEEDS



 



 



8



 





SUMMARY
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES WE MAY ISSUE



 



 




9



 





DESCRIPTION
OF DEBT SECURITIES



 



 




10



 





DESCRIPTION
OF HOLDINGS' COMMON STOCK



 



 




22



 





DESCRIPTION
OF HOLDINGS' PREFERRED STOCK



 



 




25



 





DESCRIPTION
OF WARRANTS



 



 



27



 





PLAN OF
DISTRIBUTION



 



 



31



 





VALIDITY
OF SECURITIES



 



 



33



 





EXPERTS



 



 



33



 




 

 

 Table of Contents 

  ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS

        This
prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the " SEC ") using a
"shelf" registration process. Under this process, we may sell the
securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings.
Each time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus
supplement, together with this prospectus, which will contain more
specific information about the terms of the offering and the
offered securities. The accompanying prospectus supplement may also
add to, update, modify or supersede the information contained in
this prospectus. If information varies between this prospectus and
the accompanying prospectus supplement, you should rely on the
information in the accompanying prospectus supplement. You should
read both this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus
supplement together with the additional information described under
" Where You Can Find More Information ." 

  
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

        We
are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and
copy any documents filed by us with the SEC at the SEC's Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on
the operation of the Public Reference Room. Our filings with the
SEC are also available to the public through the SEC's Internet
website at http://www.sec.gov .

        We
also make available on our Internet website, free of charge, our
annual, quarterly and current reports, including any amendments to
these reports, as well as certain other SEC filings, as soon as
reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or
furnished to the SEC. Our website address is
http://www.ur.com . The information contained on our website
is not incorporated by reference into this document.

        We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3
relating to the securities covered by this prospectus. This
prospectus is a part of the registration statement and does not
contain all of the information in the registration statement.
Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus to a contract or
other document of ours, please be aware that the reference is only
a summary and that you should refer to the exhibits that are a part
of the registration statement and the documents incorporated by
reference herein for a copy of that contract or other document. You
may review a copy of the registration statement at the SEC's Public
Reference Room in Washington, D.C., as well as through the SEC's
Internet website listed above.

  
  INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY
REFERENCE

        The
SEC's rules allow us to "incorporate by reference" the documents
that we file with the SEC. This means that we can disclose
important information to you by referring you to those documents.
Any information referred to in this way is considered part of this
prospectus from the date we file that document. Any reports filed
by us with the SEC after the date of this prospectus and before the
date that the offering of the securities by means of this
prospectus is terminated will automatically update and, where
applicable, supersede any information contained in this prospectus
or incorporated by reference in this prospectus.

        We
incorporate by reference into this prospectus the following
documents or information filed by us with the SEC (other than, in
each case, documents (or portions thereof) or information deemed to
have been furnished and not filed in accordance with SEC rules and
regulations):

(1)

Annual
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2009, filed on February 3, 2010;


(2)

Quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010,
filed on April 21, 2010;

2

 

  

Table of Contents

(3)

Current
report on Form 8-K, dated March 11, 2010 and filed on
March 11, 2010;


(4)

The
description of our capital stock contained in a registration
statement filed with the SEC under 12(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, including any amendment or report filed for the
purpose of updating such description, which description is amended
by the description contained in this prospectus; and


(5)

All
documents filed by us pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on or after the date
of this prospectus and before the termination of the offering of
the securities.

        We
will provide, free of charge, to each person, including any
beneficial owner, to whom this prospectus is delivered, upon his or
her written or oral request, a copy of any or all documents
referred to above which have been or may be incorporated by
reference into this prospectus, excluding exhibits to those
documents, unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by
reference into those documents. You can request those documents
from United Rentals, Inc. at Five Greenwich Office Park,
Greenwich, Connecticut 06831, Attention: Corporate Secretary,
telephone number (203) 622-3131.

        When
we refer to " United Rentals ," the " Company ," "
we ," " our " or " us " in this prospectus, we
mean Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries.

3

 

 

 Table of Contents 

  
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

        We
have included in, or incorporated by reference into, this
prospectus forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
"safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Such statements can be identified by the use of
forward-looking terminology such as "believe," "expect," "may,"
"will," "should," "seek," "on-track," "plan," "project,"
"forecast," "intend" or "anticipate," or the negative thereof or
comparable terminology, or by discussions of vision, strategy or
outlook. You are cautioned that our business and operations are
subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are
beyond our control and, consequently, our actual results may differ
materially from those projected by any forward-looking statements.
See the section titled " Risk Factors " below for
information regarding certain important factors that could cause
our actual results to differ materially from those projected in our
forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements
contained herein speak only as of the date of this prospectus or,
in the case of any document incorporated by reference into this
prospectus, the date of that document. We make no commitment to
revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect
events or circumstances after the date any such statements are
made.

4

 

  

Table of Contents

  
  THE COMPANY

        United
Rentals is the largest equipment rental company in the world with
an integrated network of 562 rental locations in the United
States, Canada and Mexico. We offer approximately
3,000 classes of equipment for rent to customers that include
construction and industrial companies, manufacturers, utilities,
municipalities, homeowners and government entities. In 2009, we
generated revenue of $2.4 billion, including $1.8 billion
of equipment rental revenue.

        As
of March 31, 2010, our fleet of rental equipment included
approximately 218,000 units having an original equipment cost,
based on initial consideration paid, of $3.7 billion. The
fleet includes:

•

General
construction and industrial equipment , such as
backhoes, skid-steer loaders, forklifts, earth moving equipment,
material handling equipment;


•

Aerial
work platforms , such as
scissor lifts and boom lifts;


•

General
tools and light equipment , such as
pressure washers, water pumps, heaters and hand tools; and


•

Trench
safety equipment , such as
trench shields, aluminum hydraulic shoring systems, slide rails,
crossing plates, construction lasers and line testing equipment for
underground work.

        In
addition to renting equipment, we sell new and used rental
equipment as well as related contractor supplies, parts and
service.

        Our
principal executive offices are located at Five Greenwich Office
Park, Greenwich, Connecticut 06831, and our telephone number is
(203) 622-3131.

5

 

  

Table of Contents 

  
  RISK FACTORS

        Investing
in our securities involves certain risks. Before you invest in any
of our debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or warrants,
in addition to the other information included in, or incorporated
by reference into, this prospectus, you should carefully consider
the risk factors contained in Item 1A under the caption "
Risk Factors " and elsewhere in our annual report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009,
which is incorporated into this prospectus by reference, as updated
by our annual or quarterly reports for subsequent fiscal years or
fiscal quarters that we file with the SEC and that are so
incorporated. See " Where You Can Find More Information "
for information about how to obtain a copy of these documents. You
should also carefully consider the risks and other information that
may be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, any
prospectus supplement relating to specific offerings of
securities.

6

 

  

Table of Contents 

  
  RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

        The
following table sets forth information regarding our ratio of
earnings to fixed charges for each of the periods shown. For
purposes of calculating this ratio, (i) earnings consist of
income (loss) from continuing operations before provision (benefit)
for income taxes, and fixed charges, net of capitalized interest
and (ii) fixed charges consist of interest expense, which
includes amortization of deferred finance charges, interest
expense-subordinated convertible debentures, capitalized interest
and imputed interest on our lease obligations. The interest
component of rent was determined based on an estimate of a
reasonable interest factor at the inception of the leases.


 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



Year Ended
December 31,



 



Three
Months
Ended
March 31,



 





 



 



2005



 



2006



 



2007



 



2008



 



2009



 



2010



 





Ratio of
Earnings to Fixed Charges(1)



 



 



2.3x



 



 



2.4x



 



 



3.3x



 



 



—



(2)(3)



 



—



(2)



 



—



(2)




 

(1)

Currently,
we have no shares of preferred stock outstanding and have not paid
any dividends on preferred stock in the periods shown. Therefore,
the ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock
dividends does not differ from the ratio of earnings to fixed
charges.


(2)

Due to our
losses for the three months ended March 31, 2010 and the years
ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the ratio coverage was less
than 1:1 for these periods. We would have had to have generated
additional earnings of $64, $108, and $814 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2010 and the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, to have achieved
coverage ratios of 1:1.


(3)

The loss
for the year ended December 31, 2008 includes the effect of an
$1,147 million pretax non-cash goodwill impairment charge. The
effect of this charge was to reduce the ratio of earnings to fixed
charges. Had this charge been excluded from the calculation, the
ratio of earnings to fixed charges would have been 2.2x for the
year ended December 31, 2008.

7

 

  

Table of Contents 

  
  USE OF PROCEEDS

        Unless
otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement or
other offering material, we will use the proceeds from the sale of
the securities to repay our outstanding debt, to retire other
securities or to provide funds for general corporate
purposes.

8

 

  

Table of Contents 

  
  SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES WE MAY
ISSUE

        We
may use this prospectus to offer from time to time:

•

Debt
securities.   The
debt securities may be senior debt securities or, in the case of
URNA, senior or senior subordinated debt securities. The debt
securities may be convertible into, or exchangeable for, Holdings'
common stock, preferred stock or other securities. In the case of
debt securities issued by URNA, Holdings will, and certain of
URNA's subsidiaries may, fully and unconditionally guarantee the
principal of, and premium (if any) and interest on, such debt
securities. The debt securities will be unsecured and, in the case
of senior debt, will rank equally with any of our other senior and
unsecured debt and, in the case of subordinated debt, will rank
junior in right of payment and priority to any senior debt.


•

Shares of
common stock , par
value $0.01 per share, of Holdings.


•

Shares of
preferred stock , par
value $0.01 per share, of Holdings.  The preferred stock
may be convertible into, or exchangeable for, other series of
Holdings' preferred stock or common stock. We may offer different
series of preferred stock with different dividend, voting,
conversion, redemption and liquidation rights.


•

Warrants.
  These
warrants may be issued by Holdings for the purchase of our debt
securities, common stock or preferred stock. Warrants may be issued
independently or together with debt securities, common stock or
preferred stock, and may be attached to or separate from those
securities.

        The
applicable prospectus supplement will describe the specific types,
amounts, prices and detailed terms of any of these securities to
the extent they are not described in this prospectus.

9

 

 

 Table of Contents 

  
  DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES

        
The following description of the debt securities outlines some
of the provisions of the debt securities. This information may not
be complete in all respects and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the applicable indenture and its associated documents,
including the form of note. We have filed forms of the indentures
with the SEC as exhibits to the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part. See "Where You Can Find More
Information" for information on how to obtain copies of them. The
specific terms of any series of debt securities will be described
in the applicable prospectus supplement. If so described in a
prospectus supplement, the terms of that series of debt securities
may differ from the general description of terms presented
below.

        
Please note that, in this section titled "Description of Debt
Securities," references to "we," "our" and "us" refer either to
Holdings or to URNA, as the case may be, as the issuer of the
applicable series of debt securities and not to any subsidiaries,
unless the context requires otherwise. Also, in this section,
references to "holders" mean those who own debt securities
registered in their own names on the books that we or the trustee
maintain for this purpose and not those who own beneficial
interests in debt securities registered in street name or in debt
securities issued in book-entry form through one or more
depositaries. Owners of beneficial interests in the debt securities
should read the section titled "—Book-Entry, Delivery and
Form."

Debt
Securities May Be Senior or Senior Subordinated

        Holdings
and URNA may issue debt securities which, in the case of Holdings,
will be senior debt securities and, in the case of URNA, may be
senior or senior subordinated debt securities. Neither the senior
debt securities nor the senior subordinated debt securities will be
secured by any property or assets of Holdings, URNA or any of their
respective subsidiaries. Thus, by owning a debt security, you are
an unsecured creditor of Holdings or URNA, as the case may be. As a
result, both the senior debt securities and the senior subordinated
debt securities will be structurally subordinate to the secured
indebtedness of Holdings or URNA, as the case may be, to the extent
of the value of the applicable collateral. In addition, the debt
securities may be convertible into, or exchangeable for, Holdings'
common stock, preferred stock or other securities.

        The
senior debt securities will be issued under the applicable senior
debt indenture, as described below, and will rank equally with all
the other senior unsecured and unsubordinated debt of Holdings or
URNA, as the case may be.

        The
senior subordinated debt securities of URNA will be issued under
the senior subordinated debt indenture, as described below, and
payment of the principal of, and premium (if any) and interest on,
the senior subordinated debt securities will be junior in right of
payment to the prior payment in full of all of URNA's "senior
indebtedness," as defined in the senior subordinated debt
indenture. The prospectus supplement for any series of senior
subordinated debt securities will set forth the subordination terms
of such debt securities, as well as the aggregate amount of senior
indebtedness outstanding as of the end of URNA's most recent fiscal
quarter. The prospectus supplement will also set forth limitations,
if any, on issuance of additional senior indebtedness. Holdings'
senior indebtedness will be structurally subordinate to the
indebtedness of URNA and will be structurally subordinate to the
indebtedness of the subsidiaries of URNA. URNA's indebtedness is,
and any additional indebtedness of URNA will be, structurally
subordinate to the indebtedness of URNA's subsidiaries (except to
the extent such subsidiary guarantees such indebtedness and solely
to the extent of such guarantee) and will be structurally senior to
any indebtedness of Holdings (except to the extent Holdings
guarantees such indebtedness and solely to the extent of such
guarantee).

        When
we refer to "senior debt securities", we mean both the senior debt
securities of Holdings and the senior debt securities of URNA,
unless the context requires otherwise. When we refer to "senior
subordinated debt securities", we mean the senior subordinated debt
securities of URNA, unless the context requires otherwise. When we
refer to "debt securities", we mean both the senior debt securities
and the senior subordinated debt securities, unless the context
requires otherwise.

10

 

  

Table of Contents

The Senior
Debt Indenture of Holdings

        The
senior debt securities of Holdings are governed by a document
called an indenture. Each indenture is a contract between Holdings,
as the issuer of the debt securities, and The Bank of New York
Mellon, which will initially act as trustee.

        The
trustee has two main roles:

•

First, the
trustee can enforce your rights against us if we default. There are
some limitations on the extent to which the trustee acts on your
behalf, which we describe under "— Events of Default
."


•

Second,
the trustee performs administrative duties for us, such as sending
interest payments and notices.

        When
we refer to the indenture or the trustee with respect to any debt
securities of Holdings, we mean the indenture under which those
debt securities are issued and the trustee under that
indenture.

The Senior
Debt Indenture and the Senior Subordinated Debt Indenture of
URNA

        The
senior debt securities and the senior subordinated debt securities
of URNA are each governed by a document called an
indenture—the senior debt indenture, in the case of the
senior debt securities, and the senior subordinated debt indenture,
in the case of the senior subordinated debt securities. Each
indenture is a contract between (i) URNA, as issuer of the
debt securities, (ii) Holdings and certain subsidiaries of
URNA, if applicable, as guarantors, and (iii) The Bank of New
York Mellon, which will initially act as trustee. The indentures
governing the debt securities of URNA are substantially identical,
except for the provisions relating to subordination, which are
included only in the senior subordinated debt indenture.

        Under
each indenture, Holdings will, and certain subsidiaries of URNA
may, fully and unconditionally guarantee, jointly and severally, to
each holder and the trustee, the full and prompt performance of
URNA's obligations under the indenture and the debt securities,
including the payment of principal of, and premium (if any) and
interest on, the debt securities. The guarantee of any senior
subordinated debt securities by Holdings and those subsidiaries of
URNA will be subordinated to the senior indebtedness of Holdings or
such subsidiary guarantor, as applicable, on the same basis as such
senior subordinated debt securities are subordinated to the senior
indebtedness of URNA.

        The
prospectus supplement will describe any additional terms of the
guarantee and will identify any subsidiary guarantors of those debt
securities.

        The
trustee under each indenture has two main roles:

•

First, the
trustee can enforce your rights against us if we default. There are
some limitations on the extent to which the trustee acts on your
behalf, which we describe under "— Events of Default
."


•

Second,
the trustee performs administrative duties for us, such as sending
interest payments and notices.

        When
we refer to the indenture, the guarantors or the trustee with
respect to any debt securities of URNA, we mean the indenture under
which those debt securities are issued, Holdings and any subsidiary
guarantors of those debt securities and the trustee under that
indenture.

We May
Issue Many Series of Debt Securities

        We
may issue as many distinct series of debt securities as we wish.
Additionally, the provisions of each indenture allow us to "reopen"
a previous issue of a series of debt securities and issue
additional

11

 

  

Table of Contents

 

debt
securities of that series. This section of the prospectus
summarizes terms of the securities that apply generally to all
series. We will describe most of the financial and other specific
terms of a series, including any additional terms of any guarantee,
whether it be a series of the senior debt securities or senior
subordinated debt securities, in the prospectus supplement
accompanying this prospectus. Those terms may vary from the terms
described here.

        
As you read this section of the prospectus, please remember that
the specific terms of the debt securities will be described in the
accompanying prospectus supplement and that such description may
modify or replace the general terms described in this section. If
there are any differences between the prospectus supplement and
this prospectus, the prospectus supplement will control. Thus, the
statements we make in this section may not apply to your debt
security.

        When
we refer to a series of debt securities, we mean a series issued
under the applicable indenture. When we refer to the prospectus
supplement, we mean the prospectus supplement describing the
specific terms of the debt security you purchase. The terms used in
the prospectus supplement have the meanings described in this
prospectus, unless otherwise specified.

Principal
Amount, Stated Maturity and Maturity

        The
"principal amount" of a debt security means the principal amount,
plus the premium, if any, payable at its stated maturity, unless
that amount is not determinable, in which case the principal amount
of a debt security is its face amount. Any debt securities owned by
us or any of our affiliates are not deemed to be outstanding for
certain determinations under the indenture.

        The
term "stated maturity" with respect to any debt security means the
day on which the principal amount of the debt security is scheduled
to become due. The principal may become due sooner by reason of
redemption or acceleration after a default or otherwise in
accordance with the terms of the debt security. The day on which
the principal actually becomes due, whether at the stated maturity
or earlier, is called the "maturity" of the principal.

        We
also use the terms "stated maturity" and "maturity" to refer to the
days when other payments become due. For example, we refer to a
regular interest payment date when an installment of interest is
scheduled to become due as the "stated maturity" of that
installment.

        When
we refer to the "stated maturity" or the "maturity" of a debt
security without specifying a particular payment, we mean the
stated maturity or maturity, as the case may be, of the
principal.

Terms
Contained in the Prospectus Supplement

        The
prospectus supplement will contain the terms relating to the
specific series of debt securities being offered. The prospectus
supplement will include some or all of the following:

•

whether
the issuer of the debt securities is Holdings or URNA;


•

the title
of the debt securities and whether they are senior debt securities
or senior subordinated debt securities;


•

any limit
on the aggregate principal amount of debt securities of such
series;


•

the date
or dates on which the principal of any debt securities is
payable;


•

the rate
or rates at which any debt securities of the series will bear
interest, if any, and the date or dates from which any such
interest will accrue;


•

the dates
on which any interest will be payable and the regular record date
for determining who is entitled to the interest payable on any
interest payment date;

12

 

  

Table of Contents

•

the person
to whom any interest on a debt security of the series will be
payable, if other than the person in whose name that debt security
(or one or more predecessor debt securities) is registered at the
close of business on the regular record date for such interest;


•

the place
or places where the principal of, and premium (if any) and interest
on, any debt securities of the series will be payable and the
manner in which any payment may be made;


•

any
provisions regarding the manner in which the amount of the
principal of, and premium (if any) and interest on, any debt
securities of the series may be determined with reference to a
financial or economic measure or pursuant to a formula, if
applicable;


•

the period
or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms
and conditions upon which any debt securities of the series may be
redeemed, in whole or in part, at our option, and, if other than by
a board resolution, the manner in which our election to redeem the
debt securities will be evidenced;


•

our
obligation, if any, to redeem or purchase any debt securities of
the series pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provision and
the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which
and the terms and conditions upon which any debt securities of the
series will be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant
to such obligation;


•

the
denominations of the debt securities if other than denominations of
$1,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof;


•

if other
than the currency of the United States, the currency, currencies or
currency units in which the principal of, and premium (if any) and
interest on, any debt securities of the series will be payable and
the manner of determining the equivalent thereof in the currency of
the United States for any purpose;


•

if the
principal of, and premium (if any) and interest on, any debt
securities of the series is to be payable in one or more currencies
or currency units other than that or those in which such debt
securities are stated to be payable, the currency, currencies, or
currency units in which the principal of, and premium (if any) and
interest on, such debt securities will be payable, the periods
within which and the terms and conditions upon which such payments
are to be made, and the amount so payable (or the manner in which
such amount will be determined);


•

if other
than the entire principal amount, the portion of the principal
amount of any debt securities of the series which will be payable
upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity;


•

if the
principal amount payable at the stated maturity of any debt
securities of the series will not be determinable as of any one or
more dates prior to the stated maturity, the amount which will be
deemed to be the principal amount of such debt securities as of any
such date for any purpose, including the principal amount which
will be due and payable upon any maturity other than the stated
maturity or which will be deemed to be outstanding as of any day
prior to the stated maturity (or, in any such case, the manner in
which such amount deemed to be the principal amount will be
determined);


•

that the
debt securities of the series will be subject to full defeasance or
covenant defeasance, if applicable;


•

that any
debt securities will be issuable in whole or in part in the form of
one or more global securities and, in such case, the depositaries
for such global securities and the form of any legend or legends
which will be borne by such global security, if applicable;


•

any
addition to, elimination of, or other change in, the events of
default which applies to any debt securities of the series and any
change in the right of the trustee or the requisite holders of such
debt securities to declare the principal amount due and
payable;

13

 

  

Table of Contents

•

any
addition to, elimination of or other change in the covenants which
apply to any debt securities of the series;


•

if the
debt securities may be converted into, or exchanged for, common or
preferred stock or other securities of Holdings, the terms on which
such conversion or exchange may occur, including whether such
conversion or exchange is mandatory, at the option of the holder or
at our option, the period during which such conversion or exchange
may occur, the initial conversion or exchange rate and the
circumstances or manner in which the number of shares of common or
preferred stock issuable upon conversion or exchange may be
adjusted or calculated according to the market price of Holdings'
common or preferred stock or such other securities;


•

in the
case of debt securities issued by URNA, any additional terms of the
guarantee and, if the debt securities are guaranteed by certain
subsidiaries of URNA, the identity of the subsidiary guarantors;
and


•

any other
terms of the debt securities not inconsistent with the
indenture.

        Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, the debt
securities will not be listed on any securities
exchange.

        Holders
of the debt securities may present their securities for exchange
and may present registered debt securities for transfer in the
manner described in the prospectus supplement.

        Debt
securities may bear interest at a fixed rate or a variable rate, as
specified in the prospectus supplement. In addition, if specified
in the prospectus supplement, we may sell debt securities bearing
no interest or interest at a rate that at the time of issuance is
below the prevailing market rate, or at a discount below their
stated principal amount. We will describe in the prospectus
supplement any material special federal income tax considerations
applicable to any such discounted debt securities.

Certain
Covenants

        The
indenture may include covenants of Holdings, URNA or any subsidiary
guarantors, as the case may be. These covenants may impose
limitations on our indebtedness, limitations on liens, limitations
on the issuance of preferred stock of certain of our subsidiaries,
limitations on certain distributions and limitations on
transactions with our affiliates, or other limitations. Any such
covenants applicable to a series of debt securities will be set
forth in the prospectus supplement.

Consolidation,
Merger, Sale of Assets, Etc.

        The
indenture may restrict the ability of Holdings, URNA and/or certain
of URNA's subsidiaries to enter into certain transactions,
including a transaction or series of transactions pursuant to which
Holdings, URNA or certain of URNA's subsidiaries merge or
consolidate with or into, or sell, assign, convey, transfer, lease
or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties
and assets as an entirety to, any person or persons. The terms of
any such restriction applicable to a series of debt securities will
be set forth in the prospectus supplement.

Events of
Default

        The
following will be " Events of Default " under the
indenture:

(i)

default in
the payment of the principal of, or premium (if any) on, any of the
debt securities, when due and payable (at stated maturity, upon
optional redemption, or otherwise), whether or not prohibited by
the subordination provisions of the indenture, if any;

14

 

  

Table of Contents

(ii)

default in
the payment of an installment of interest on any debt security,
when due and payable, for 30 days, whether or not prohibited
by the subordination provisions of the indenture, if any;


(iii)

certain
events relating to our bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization;
and


(iv)

if
applicable, any of the guarantees ceases to be in full force and
effect or any of the guarantees is declared to be null and void and
unenforceable or any of the guarantees is found to be invalid or
Holdings or any of the subsidiary guarantors denies its liability
under its guarantee (other than by reason of release of Holdings or
the subsidiary guarantor in accordance with the terms of the
indenture).

        The
prospectus supplement will specify any additional Events of Default
with respect to a particular series of debt securities. If an Event
of Default (other than an Event of Default covered by
clause (iii) above) will occur and be continuing, the trustee,
by notice to us, or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate
principal amount of the debt securities then outstanding, by notice
to the trustee and us, may declare the principal of, premium (if
any) and accrued and unpaid interest (if any) on all of the
outstanding debt securities due and payable immediately, upon which
declaration, all amounts payable in respect of the debt securities
will be due and payable as of the date which is five business days
after the giving of such notice. If an Event of Default specified
in clause (iii) above occurs and is continuing, then the
principal of, and premium (if any) and accrued and unpaid interest
(if any) on, all the outstanding debt securities will ipso facto
become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration
or other act on the part of the trustee or any holder of debt
securities.

        After
a declaration of acceleration under the indenture, but before a
judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained
by the trustee, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the outstanding debt securities, by written notice to us
and the trustee, may rescind such declaration if:

(i)

we have
paid or deposited with the trustee a sum sufficient to pay:


(a)

all sums
paid or advanced by the trustee under the indenture and the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
the trustee, its agents and counsel;


(b)

all
overdue interest on all debt securities;


(c)

the
principal of, and premium (if any) on, any debt securities which
have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration
and interest thereon at the rate borne by the debt securities;
and


(d)

to the
extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon
overdue interest and overdue principal at the rate set forth in the
debt securities which has become due otherwise than by such
declaration of acceleration;


(ii)

the
rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a
court of competent jurisdiction; and

15

 

 

 Table of Contents

(iii)

all Events
of Default, other than the non-payment of the principal of, and
premium (if any) and interest on, the debt securities that has
become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been
cured or waived.

        The
holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the outstanding debt securities may on behalf of the holders of
all the debt securities waive any past defaults under the
indenture, except a default in the payment of the principal of, or
premium (if any) or interest on, any debt security, or in respect
of a covenant or provision which under the indenture cannot be
modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each debt
security outstanding.

        No
holder of any of the debt securities has any right to institute any
proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the indenture,
or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any remedy
thereunder, unless (i) such holder has previously given
written notice to the trustee of a continuing Event of Default,
(ii) the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount
of the outstanding debt securities have made written request to the
trustee to institute such proceeding as the trustee under the debt
securities and the indenture, (iii) such holders have offered
to the trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee
against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in
compliance with such request, (iv) the trustee has failed to
institute such proceeding within 45 days after receipt of such
notice, request and offer of indemnity and (v) the trustee,
within such 45-day period, has not received directions inconsistent
with such written request by holders of a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding debt securities. Such
limitations do not apply, however, to a suit instituted by a holder
of a debt security for the enforcement of the payment of the
principal of, or premium (if any) or interest on, such debt
security on or after the respective due dates expressed in such
debt security.

        During
the existence of an Event of Default, the trustee is required to
exercise such rights and powers vested in it under the indenture
and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise thereof
as a prudent person would exercise under the circumstances in the
conduct of such person's own affairs. Subject to the provisions of
the indenture relating to the duties of the trustee, whether or not
an Event of Default will occur and be continuing, the trustee is
not under any obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers
under the indenture at the request or direction of any of the
holders unless such holders will have offered to the trustee
security or indemnity satisfactory to it. Subject to certain
provisions concerning the rights of the trustee, the holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities have the right to direct the time, method and place of
conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee
or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee under
the indenture.

        If
a default or an Event of Default occurs and is continuing and is
known to the trustee, the trustee will mail to each holder of the
debt securities notice of the default or Event of Default within
90 days after obtaining knowledge thereof. Except in the case
of a default or an Event of Default in payment of the principal of,
or premium (if any) or interest on, any debt securities, the
trustee may withhold the notice to the holders of such debt
securities if its board of directors, the executive committee or a
committee of its board of directors or any responsible officer at
the trustee's corporate trust office in good faith determines that
withholding the notice is in the interest of the holders of the
debt securities.

        We
are required to furnish to the trustee annual statements as to our
performance of our obligations under the indenture and as to any
default in such performance. We are also required to notify the
trustee within five days of any event which is, or after notice or
lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default.

16

 

  

Table of Contents

No
Liability for Certain Persons

        No
director, officer, employee or stockholder of Holdings or URNA, nor
any director, officer or employee of any subsidiary guarantor, as
such, will have any liability for any obligations of Holdings, URNA
or any such subsidiary guarantor, as the case may be, under the
debt securities, the guarantees thereof or the indenture based on,
or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each holder by
accepting a debt security waives and releases all such liability.
The foregoing waiver and release are an integral part of the
consideration for issuance of the debt securities. Such waiver may
not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities
laws.

Satisfaction
and Discharge

        The
indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect
(except as to surviving rights of registration of transfer or
exchange of the debt securities, as expressly provided for in the
indenture) as to all outstanding debt securities when:

(i)

either:


(a)

all the
debt securities theretofore authenticated and delivered (except
lost, stolen or destroyed debt securities which have been replaced
or repaid and debt securities for whose payment money has
theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust
by us and thereafter repaid to us or discharged from such trust)
have been delivered to the trustee for cancellation; or


(b)

all debt
securities not theretofore delivered to the trustee for
cancellation (except lost, stolen or destroyed debt securities
which have been replaced or paid) have become due and payable, will
become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year or
will become due and payable within one year under arrangements
acceptable to the trustee, and we have irrevocably deposited or
caused to be deposited with the trustee funds in an amount
sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the debt
securities not theretofore delivered to the trustee for
cancellation, for the principal of, and premium (if any) and
interest on, the debt securities to the date of deposit (in the
case of debt securities that have become due and payable) or to the
maturity or redemption date, as the case may be, together with
irrevocable instructions from us directing the trustee to apply
such funds to the payment thereof at maturity or redemption, as the
case may be;


(ii)

we have
paid all other sums payable under the indenture by us; and


(iii)

we have
delivered to the trustee an officers' certificate and an opinion of
counsel stating that all conditions precedent under the indenture
relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the indenture have
been complied with.

Amendments
and Waivers

        From
time to time, we, when authorized by a resolution of our Board of
Directors (the " Board "), and the trustee may, without the
consent of the holders of any outstanding debt securities, amend,
waive or supplement the indenture or the debt securities for
certain specified purposes described in the applicable prospectus
supplement, including, among other things, adding to our covenants
or surrendering any right or power conferred upon us in the
indenture, securing any of the debt securities, curing ambiguities,
defects or inconsistencies, qualifying (or maintaining the
qualification of) the indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of
1939; provided, however, that such amendments, waivers or
supplements do not adversely affect the rights of any holder of
debt securities. Other amendments and modifications of the
indenture or the debt securities may be made by us and the trustee
with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority of the
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding

17

 

  

Table of Contents

 

debt
securities; provided, however, that no such modification or
amendment may, without the consent of the holder of each
outstanding debt security affected thereby:

(i)

reduce the
principal amount of, extend the stated maturity of or alter the
redemption provisions of, any debt security;


(ii)

change the
currency in which any debt security or any premium or the interest
thereon is payable;


(iii)

reduce the
percentage in principal amount of outstanding debt securities that
must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver or consent to
take any action under the indenture or the debt security or any
guarantee;


(iv)

impair the
right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or
with respect to the debt securities or any guarantee;


(v)

waive a
default in payment with respect to the debt securities or any
guarantee;


(vi)

reduce or
change the rate or time for payment of interest on the debt
securities;


(vii)

modify the
terms upon which those debt securities are convertible into, or
exchangeable for, Holding's other securities in a manner adverse to
the holders; or


(viii)

modify or
change any provision in the indenture affecting the ranking of the
debt securities or, in the case of debt securities entitled to the
benefit of any guarantee, any guarantee in a manner adverse to the
holders.

The
Trustee

        The
indenture provides that, except during the continuance of an Event
of Default, the trustee thereunder will perform only such duties as
are specifically set forth in the indenture. If an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, the trustee will exercise such
rights and powers vested in it under the indenture and use the same
degree of care and skill in its exercise as a prudent person would
exercise under the circumstances in the conduct of such person's
own affairs.

        The
indenture and provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939
incorporated by reference therein contain limitations on the rights
of the trustee thereunder, should it become a creditor of ours, to
obtain payment of claims in certain cases or to realize on certain
property received by it in respect of any such claims, as security
or otherwise. The trustee is permitted to engage in other
transactions; provided, however, that, if it acquires any
conflicting interest (as defined in such Act), it must eliminate
such conflict or resign.

Governing
Law

        The
indentures, the debt securities and any guarantees of those debt
securities will be governed by New York law.

Book-Entry,
Delivery and Form

        The
debt securities will be issued in the form of one or more
registered global debt securities (the " Global Debt
Securities "). The Global Debt Securities will be deposited
upon issuance with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository
Trust Company (" DTC "), in New York, New York, and
registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, in each case for
credit to an account of a direct or indirect participant in DTC as
described below.

        Except
as set forth below, the Global Debt Securities may be transferred,
in whole and not in part, only to another nominee of DTC or to a
successor of DTC or its nominee. Beneficial interests in
the

18

 

  

Table of Contents

 

Global
Debt Securities may not be exchanged for debt securities in
certificated form except in the limited circumstances described
below. See "— Exchange of Global Debt Securities for
Certificated Debt Securities ." Except in the limited
circumstances described below, owners of beneficial interests in
the Global Debt Securities will not be entitled to receive physical
delivery of debt securities in certificated form.

        Transfers
of beneficial interests in the Global Debt Securities will be
subject to the applicable rules and procedures of DTC and its
direct or indirect participants, which may change from time to
time.

Depository
Procedures

        The
following description of the operations and procedures of DTC is
provided solely as a matter of convenience. These operations and
procedures are solely within the control of the respective
settlement systems and are subject to changes by them. We take no
responsibility for these operations and procedures and urge
investors to contact the system or their participants directly to
discuss these matters.

        DTC
has advised us that DTC is a limited-purpose trust company created
to hold securities for its participating organizations
(collectively, the " Participants ") and to facilitate the
clearance and settlement of transactions in those securities
between Participants through electronic book-entry changes in
accounts of its Participants. The Participants include securities
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations
and certain other organizations. Access to DTC's system is also
available to other entities such as banks, brokers, dealers and
trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial
relationship with a Participant, either directly or indirectly
(collectively, the " Indirect Participants "). Persons who
are not Participants may beneficially own securities held by or on
behalf of DTC only through the Participants or the Indirect
Participants. The ownership interests in, and transfers of
ownership interests in, each security held by or on behalf of DTC
are recorded on the records of the Participants and Indirect
Participants.

        DTC
has also advised us that, pursuant to procedures established by
it:

(i)

upon
deposit of the Global Debt Securities, DTC will credit the accounts
of Participants designated by the underwriters with portions of the
principal amount of the Global Debt Securities; and


(ii)

ownership
interests in the Global Debt Securities will be shown on, and the
transfer of ownership interests will be effected only through,
records maintained by DTC (with respect to the Participants) or by
the Participants and the Indirect Participants (with respect to
other owners of beneficial interests in the Global Debt
Securities).

        Investors
in the Global Debt Securities who are Participants in DTC's system
may hold their interests therein directly through DTC. Investors in
the Global Debt Securities who are not Participants may hold their
interests therein indirectly through organizations which are
Participants in such system. All interests in a Global Debt
Security may be subject to the procedures and requirements of DTC.
The laws of some states require that certain persons take physical
delivery in definitive form of securities that they own.
Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a
Global Debt Security to such persons will be limited to that
extent. Because DTC can act only on behalf of Participants, which
in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a
person having beneficial interests in a Global Debt Security to
pledge such interests to persons that do not participate in the DTC
system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interests, may
be affected by the lack of a physical certificate evidencing such
interests.

        Except
as described below, owners of an interest in the Global Debt
Securities will not have debt securities registered in their names,
will not receive physical delivery of debt securities in
certificated

19

 

  

Table of Contents

 

form and
will not be considered the registered owners or holders thereof
under the indenture for any purpose.

        Payments
in respect of the principal of, and premium (if any) and interest
on, a Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee will
be payable to DTC in its capacity as the registered holder under
the indenture. Under the terms of the indenture, we and the trustee
will treat the persons in whose names the debt securities,
including the Global Debt Securities, are registered as the owners
of the debt securities for the purpose of receiving payments and
for all other purposes. Consequently, neither we, the trustee nor
any agent of ours or the trustee has or will have any
responsibility or liability for:

(i)

any aspect
of DTC's records or any Participant's or Indirect Participant's
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial
ownership interests in the Global Debt Securities or for
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of DTC's records or any
Participant's or Indirect Participant's records relating to the
beneficial ownership interests in the Global Debt Securities;
or


(ii)

any other
matter relating to the actions and practices of DTC or any of its
Participants or Indirect Participants.

        DTC
has advised us that its current practice, upon receipt of any
payment in respect of securities such as the debt securities
(including principal and interest), is to credit the accounts of
the relevant Participants with the payment on the payment date
unless DTC has reason to believe it will not receive payment on
such payment date. Each relevant Participant is credited with an
amount proportionate to its beneficial ownership interest in the
principal amount of the relevant security as shown on the records
of DTC. Payments by the Participants and the Indirect Participants
to the beneficial owners of the debt securities will be governed by
standing instructions and customary practices and will be the
responsibility of the Participants or the Indirect Participants and
will not be the responsibility of DTC, the trustee or us. Neither
we nor the trustee will be liable for any delay by DTC or any of
its Participants in identifying the beneficial owners of the debt
securities, and we and the trustee may conclusively rely on, and
will be protected in relying on, instructions from DTC or its
nominee for all purposes.

        Transfers
between Participants in DTC will be effected in accordance with
DTC's procedures, and will be settled in same-day funds.

        DTC
has advised us that it will take any action permitted to be taken
by a holder of debt securities only at the direction of one or more
Participants to whose account DTC has credited the interests in the
Global Debt Securities and only in respect of such portion of the
aggregate principal amount of the debt securities as to which such
Participant or Participants has or have given such direction.
However, if there is an Event of Default under the debt securities,
DTC reserves the right to exchange the Global Debt Securities for
debt securities in certificated form and to distribute such debt
securities to its Participants.

        Neither
we, the trustee nor any agent of ours of the trustee will have any
responsibility for the performance by DTC or its Participants or
Indirect Participants of their respective obligations under the
rules and procedures governing their operations.

20

 

  

Table of Contents

Exchange
of Global Debt Securities for Certificated Debt
Securities

        Subject
to certain conditions, a Global Debt Security is exchangeable for
certificated debt securities in definitive form of like tenor in
denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples thereof
if:

(i)

DTC
notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as
depository for the Global Debt Securities or DTC ceases to be a
clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and, in either case, we are unable to locate a qualified
successor within 90 days;


(ii)

we, in our
discretion, at any time determine not to have all the debt
securities represented by the Global Debt Securities; or


(iii)

an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing.

        Any
Global Debt Security that is exchangeable as described above is
exchangeable for certificated debt securities issuable in
authorized denominations and registered in such names as DTC will
direct.

Same Day
Settlement and Payment

        We
will make payments in respect of the debt securities represented by
the Global Debt Securities (including principal, premium (if any)
and interest) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to
the accounts specified by the holder of the Global Debt Security.
We will make all payments of principal, premium (if any) and
interest, with respect to certificated debt securities by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified
by the holders of the certificated debt securities or, if no such
account is specified, by mailing a check to each such holder's
registered address.

21

 

 

 Table of Contents 

  
  DESCRIPTION OF HOLDINGS' COMMON STOCK

        
The following description of Holdings' common stock is a summary
of the material terms of our common stock. This summary may not
contain all of the information that is important to you and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of
incorporation, by-laws and applicable Delaware law.

General

        Holdings
is authorized by its certificate of incorporation to issue up to
500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share.

        As
of March 31, 2010, there were 60,433,823 shares of Holdings'
common stock, $.01 par value, outstanding. At December 31,
2009, there were (i) 13,000 shares of common stock reserved
for the exercise of warrants, (ii) 2,782,445 shares of common
stock reserved for issuance pursuant to options granted under our
stock option plans, (iii) 3,017,379 shares of common stock
reserved for the conversion of outstanding Quarterly Income
Preferred Securities of the United Rentals Trust I,
(iv) 5,275,482 shares of common stock reserved for the
conversion of outstanding 1 7
/
8
%
Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2023 and,
(v) 19,403,818 shares of common stock reserved for the
conversion of outstanding 4.00% Convertible Senior Notes due
2015.

        The
rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common
stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights
of the holders of any series of preferred stock that we may
designate and issue in the future.

Dividend
Rights

        Subject
to the rights of the holders of our preferred stock (if any), the
holders of our common stock have the right to receive dividends and
distributions, whether payable in cash or otherwise, as may be
declared from time to time by our Board, from legally available
funds. However, Holdings has not paid dividends on its common stock
since inception.

Voting
Rights; Declassified Board

        Each
holder of record of our common stock is entitled to one vote for
each share held on all matters submitted to a vote at a meeting of
our stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of
our common stock will vote together as a single class on all
matters presented to the stockholders for their vote or approval,
including the election of directors. There are no cumulative voting
rights with respect to the election of directors or any other
matters. Our by-laws require a director to be elected by a majority
of votes cast with respect to such director in uncontested
elections. As a result of an amendment to our restated certificate
of incorporation that was proposed by the Board and approved by
stockholders at our 2007 annual meeting, we have begun to
transition our Board from a classified board to a declassified
board such that, beginning with our 2010 annual meeting, all
directors will be elected annually for one-year terms.

Liquidation
Rights

        Subject
to the rights of the holders of our preferred stock (if any), in
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of
our common stock are entitled to share equally in the assets
available for distribution after payment of all
creditors.

No
Redemption, Conversion or Preemptive Rights

        Holders
of our common stock have no redemption rights, conversion rights or
preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for our securities.
There are no redemption provisions or sinking fund provisions
applicable to our common stock.

22

 

  

Table of Contents

Fully Paid
and Nonassessable

        When
Holdings issues shares of its common stock, the shares will be
fully paid and nonassessable, which means that the full purchase
price of the shares will have been paid and holders of the shares
will not be assessed any additional monies for the
shares.

No
Restrictions on Transfer

        Neither
our certificate of incorporation nor our by-laws contains any
restrictions on the transfer of our common stock. In the case of
any transfer of shares, there may be restrictions imposed by
applicable securities laws.

Issuance
of Common Stock

        In
certain instances, the issuance of authorized but unissued shares
of common stock may have an anti-takeover effect. The Board's
authority to issue additional shares of common stock may help deter
or delay a change of control by increasing the number of shares
needed to gain control.

Certain
Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and
By-laws

        Holdings'
certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain a number of
provisions that may be deemed to have the effect of discouraging or
delaying attempts to gain control of us, including provisions
(i) providing the Board with the exclusive power to determine
the exact number of directors comprising the entire Board, subject
to the certificate of incorporation and the right of the holders of
preferred stock to elect directors (if any); (ii) authorizing
the Board or a majority of the directors then in office or the sole
remaining director (and not stockholders unless there are no
directors then in office) to fill vacancies in the Board;
(iii) providing that a director may be removed prior to the
expiration of his or her term only by the affirmative vote of
66 2
/
3
% of the
voting power and, with respect to directors elected before 2008,
only for cause; (iv) requiring advance notice of stockholder
proposals; (v) providing that any action required or permitted
to be taken by our stockholders be taken only at an annual or
special meeting and prohibiting stockholder action by written
consent in lieu of a meeting; (vi) providing the Board with
flexibility in scheduling the annual meeting (subject to state law
requirements); (vii) providing that special meetings of
stockholders may be called only by the chief executive officer or a
majority of the Board; (viii) providing that the by-laws may
be amended by the Board; (ix) providing that the by-laws and
certain of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation may
be amended by our stockholders only by the affirmative vote of at
least 66 2
/
3
% of the
outstanding voting power and (x) authorizing the Board to
issue preferred stock with rights and privileges, including voting
rights, as it may deem appropriate. The foregoing provisions could
impede a change of control. 

Stockholder
Rights Plan

        We
adopted a stockholder rights plan on September 28, 2001 (with
a record date of October 19, 2001), as amended by the First
Amendment, dated as of July 22, 2007 and the Second Amendment,
dated October 16, 2008. Under this plan, each outstanding
share of our common stock includes one associated preferred stock
purchase right. Each right entitles the registered holder to
purchase from Holdings a unit consisting of one one-thousandth of a
share of Series E Junior Participating Preferred Stock, at an
exercise price of $120.00 per unit, subject to adjustment. The
rights are not currently exercisable, but may become exercisable as
described below.

        If
an entity, person or group of affiliated persons acquires
beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the common stock (an "
Acquiring Person "), then the rights will become exercisable
and each holder of a right, other than the Acquiring Person, will
thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock
having a value then equal to two times the exercise price of the
right. If Holdings is acquired in a merger or business combination
transaction or 50% or more of Holdings' assets, cash

23

 

  

Table of Contents

 

flow or
earning power is sold, each holder of a right, other than the
Acquiring Person, would have the right to receive, upon exercise,
that number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company
which, at the time of such transaction, would have a market value
of two times the exercise price of the right. The final expiration
date of the stockholder rights plan is September 27,
2011.

Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law

        Holdings
is subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a
publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business
combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a period of three
years after the date of the transaction in which the person became
an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is
approved in a prescribed manner. A "business combination" includes
a merger, asset sale or a transaction resulting in a financial
benefit to the interested stockholder. An "interested stockholder"
is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or,
in certain cases, within the preceding three years, did own) 15% or
more of the corporation's outstanding voting stock. Under
Section 203, a business combination between Holdings and an
interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the
following conditions:

•

prior to
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the Board must
have previously approved either the business combination or the
transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder;


•

upon
consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
owned at least 85% of the voting stock of Holdings outstanding at
the time the transaction commenced, excluding, for purposes of
determining the number of shares outstanding, shares owned by
persons who are directors and officers; or


•

the
business combination is approved by the Board and authorized at an
annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative
vote of at least 66 2
/
3
% of the
outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested
stockholder.

Listing

        Holdings'
common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange and trades
under the symbol "URI." 

Transfer
Agent

        The
transfer agent for our shares of common stock is American Stock
Transfer & Trust Company.

24

 

 

 Table of Contents 

  
  DESCRIPTION OF HOLDINGS' PREFERRED STOCK

        
The following description of Holdings' preferred stock outlines
some of the provisions of our preferred stock. This information may
not be complete in all respects and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and the
certificate of designation relating to your series of preferred
stock. The specific terms of any series of preferred stock will be
described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If so described
in a prospectus supplement, the terms of that series of preferred
stock may differ from the general description of terms presented
below.

General

        Holdings
is authorized by its certificate of incorporation to issue up to
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, in
one or more series.

        Currently,
there are no shares of our preferred stock issued and outstanding.
As previously reported and as discussed in our annual report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, in
June 2008, we repurchased all of our outstanding Series C and
Series D perpetual convertible preferred stock, which have
been cancelled and returned to the status of authorized but
unissued shares of preferred stock.

        Subject
to the restrictions prescribed by law, our Board is authorized to
fix the number of shares of any series of unissued preferred stock,
to determine the designations and the rights, preferences,
privileges, restrictions and limitations granted to or imposed upon
any series of preferred stock (including dividend rights (which may
be cumulative or non-cumulative), voting rights, conversion rights,
redemption rights and terms, sinking fund provisions, liquidation
preferences and any other relative rights, preferences and
limitations of that series) and, within any applicable limits and
restrictions established, to increase or decrease the number of
shares of such series subsequent to its issue. Before we issue any
series of preference shares, our Board will adopt resolutions
creating and designating such series as a series of preference
shares. Shareholders will not need to approve these resolutions.
The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting
and other rights of holders of our common stock and may have the
effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of
Holdings.

Terms
Contained in the Prospectus Supplement

        The
applicable prospectus supplement will contain the dividend, voting,
conversion, redemption, sinking fund, liquidation and other rights,
preferences, privileges, restrictions or limitations of any series
of preferred stock. The applicable prospectus supplement will
describe the following terms of a series of preferred
stock:

•

the
designation and stated value per preference share and the number of
preference shares offered;


•

the
initial public offering price at which we will issue the preference
shares;


•

whether
the shares will be listed on any securities exchange;


•

the
dividend rate or method of calculation, the payment dates for
dividends and the dates from which dividends will start to
cumulate;


•

any voting
rights;


•

any
conversion rights;


•

any
redemption or sinking fund provisions;


•

the amount
of liquidation preference per share; and

25

 

  

Table of Contents

•

any
additional dividend, voting, conversion, redemption, sinking fund,
liquidation and other rights or restrictions.

        The
applicable prospectus supplement may also describe some of the U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the purchase and ownership of
the series of preferred stock.

No
Preemptive Rights

        The
holders of our preferred stock will have no preemptive rights to
buy any additional shares of preferred stock.

Fully Paid
and Nonassessable

        When
we issue shares of our preferred stock, the shares will be fully
paid and nonassessable, which means the full purchase price of the
shares will have been paid and holders of the shares will not be
assessed any additional monies for the shares.

No
Restrictions on Transfer

        Neither
our certificate of incorporation nor our by-laws contains any
restrictions on the transfer of our preferred stock. In the case of
any transfer of shares, there may be restrictions imposed by
applicable securities laws.

Issuance
of Preferred Stock

        In
certain instances, the issuance of authorized but unissued shares
of preferred stock may have an anti-takeover effect. The authority
of the Board to issue preferred stock with rights and privileges,
including voting rights, as it may deem appropriate, may enable the
Board to prevent a change of control despite a shift in ownership
of our common stock.

26

 

 

 Table of Contents 

  
  DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS

        
The following description outlines some of the provisions of
each warrant agreement, the warrants and the warrant certificates.
This information may not be complete in all respects and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the relevant warrant
agreement with respect to the warrants of any particular series.
The specific terms of any series of warrants will be described in
the applicable prospectus supplement. If so described in a
prospectus supplement, the terms of that series of warrants may
differ from the general description of terms presented
below.

General

        We
may issue warrants for the purchase of debt securities, common
stock or preferred stock. Warrants may be issued independently or
together with such debt securities, common stock or preferred
stock, and may be attached to or separate from those
securities.

        Each
series of warrants will be evidenced by certificates issued under a
separate warrant agreement to be entered into between us and a
bank, as warrant agent, selected by us with respect to such series,
having its principal office in the United States and having
combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000.

        The
applicable prospectus supplement relating to a series of warrants
will mention the name and address of the warrant agent. The
applicable prospectus supplement will describe the terms of the
warrant agreement and the series of warrants in respect of which
this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement are
being delivered, including:

•

the
designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are
issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or
each principal amount of such security;


•

the
offering price;


•

the
aggregate number of warrants;


•

whether
the warrants or related securities will be listed on any securities
exchange;


•

the
currency for which such warrants may be purchased;


•

the date
on which the warrants and the related securities will be separately
transferable;


•

in the
case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount
of debt securities that can be purchased upon exercise of one
warrant, and the price and currency for purchasing those debt
securities upon exercise and, in the case of warrants to purchase
common stock or preferred stock, the number of shares of common
stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, that can be purchased
upon the exercise of one warrant, and the price for purchasing such
shares upon this exercise;


•

the dates
on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and
expire and, if the warrants are not continuously exercisable, any
dates on which the warrants are not exercisable;


•

the terms
of the securities issuable upon exercise of those warrants;


•

provisions
for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price;


•

whether
the warrants will be issued in global or certificated form; and


•

any other
terms of the warrants.

        Warrant
certificates may be exchanged for new warrant certificates of
different denominations, may be presented for transfer
registration, and may be exercised at the warrant agent's corporate
trust office or any other office indicated in the applicable
prospectus supplement. If the warrants are not
separately

27

 

  

Table of Contents

 

transferable
from the securities with which they were issued, this exchange may
take place only if the certificates representing such related
securities are also exchanged. Prior to warrant exercise,
warrantholders will not have any rights as holders of the
securities purchasable upon such exercise, including, in the case
of warrants to purchase debt securities, the right to receive the
principal of, and premium (if any) or interest payments on, the
debt securities purchasable upon such exercise or to enforce
covenants in the applicable indenture or, in the case of warrants
to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the right to receive
any dividends, or payments upon our liquidation, dissolution or
winding up or to exercise any voting rights.

        Where
appropriate, the applicable prospectus supplement will describe the
U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to the
warrants.

Exercise
of Warrants

        Each
warrant will entitle the holder to purchase the securities
specified in the applicable prospectus supplement at the exercise
price mentioned or calculated as described in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable
prospectus supplement, warrants may be exercised at any time up to
5:00 p.m., New York time, on the expiration date mentioned in
the applicable prospectus supplement. After the close of business
on the expiration date, unexercised warrants will become
void.

        Warrants
may be exercised by delivery of the warrant certificate
representing the warrants to be exercised or, in the case of global
securities, as described under " Global Securities ," by
delivery of an exercise notice for those warrants, together with
certain information and payment to the warrant agent in immediately
available funds, as provided in the applicable prospectus
supplement, of the required purchase amount. The information
required to be delivered will be on the reverse side of the warrant
certificate and in the applicable prospectus supplement. Upon
receipt of such payment and the warrant certificate or exercise
notice properly executed at the warrant agent's corporate trust
office or any other office indicated in the applicable prospectus
supplement, we will, within the time period provided by the
relevant warrant agreement, issue and deliver the securities
purchasable upon such exercise. If fewer than all of the warrants
represented by such warrant certificate are exercised, a new
warrant certificate will be issued for the remaining amount of
warrants.

        If
mentioned in the applicable prospectus supplement, securities may
be surrendered as all or part of the exercise price for
warrants. 

Antidilution
Provisions

        In
the case of warrants to purchase common stock, the exercise price
payable and the number of shares of common stock to be purchased
upon warrant exercise may be adjusted in certain events,
including:

•

the
issuance of share dividends to stockholders or a combination,
subdivision or reclassification of our common stock;


•

the
issuance of rights, warrants or options to all stockholders
entitling them to purchase shares of common stock for an aggregate
consideration per share less than the current market price per
share;


•

any
distribution by us to our stockholders or evidences of our
indebtedness or of assets, excluding cash dividends or
distributions referred to above; and


•

any other
events mentioned in the applicable prospectus
supplement.

        No
adjustment in the number of shares purchasable upon warrant
exercise will be required until cumulative adjustments require an
adjustment of at least 1% of such number. No fractional shares
will

28

 

  

Table of Contents

 

be issued
upon warrant exercise, but we will pay the cash value of any
fractional shares otherwise issuable.

Modification

        We
and the relevant warrant agent may amend any warrant agreement and
the terms of the related warrants by executing a supplemental
warrant agreement, without any such warrantholder's consent, for
the purpose of:

•

curing any
ambiguity, any defective or inconsistent provision contained in the
warrant agreement, or making any other corrections to the warrant
agreement that are not inconsistent with the provisions of the
warrant certificates;


•

evidencing
the succession of another corporation to us and their assumption of
our covenants contained in the warrant agreement and the
warrants;


•

appointing
a successor depositary, if the warrants are issued in the form of
global securities;


•

evidencing
a successor warrant agent's acceptance of appointment with respect
to the warrants;


•

adding to
our covenants for the warrantholders' benefit or surrendering any
right or power conferred upon us under the warrant agreement;


•

issuing
warrants in definitive form, if such warrants are initially issued
in the form of global securities; or


•

amending
the warrant agreement and the warrants as we deem necessary or
desirable and that will not adversely affect the warrantholders'
interests in any material respect.

        We
and the warrant agent may also amend any warrant agreement and the
related warrants by a supplemental agreement with the consent of
the holders of a majority of the unexercised warrants such
amendment affects, for the purpose of adding, modifying or
eliminating any of the warrant agreement's provisions or of
modifying the holders' rights. However, no such amendment
that:

•

changes
the number or amount of securities purchasable upon warrant
exercise so as to reduce the number of securities receivable upon
this exercise;


•

shortens
the time period during which the warrants may be exercised;


•

otherwise
adversely affects the exercise rights of such warrantholders in any
material respect; or


•

reduces
the number of unexercised warrants, the consent of holders of which
is required for amending the warrant agreement or the related
warrants

may be
made without the consent of each holder affected by that
amendment.

Consolidation,
Merger and Sale of Assets

        Each
warrant agreement will provide that we may consolidate or merge
with or into any other corporation or sell, lease, transfer or
convey all or substantially all of its assets to any other
corporation; provided, however, that:

•

either we
must be the continuing corporation, or the corporation other than
us formed by or resulting from any consolidation or merger or that
receives the assets must be organized and existing under the laws
of any U.S. jurisdiction (or any subdivision thereof) and must
assume our obligations for the unexercised warrants and the
performance of all covenants and conditions of the relevant warrant
agreement; and

29

 

  

Table of Contents

•

we or that
successor corporation must not immediately be in default under that
warrant agreement.

Enforceability
of Rights by Holders of Warrants

        Each
warrant agent will act solely as our agent under the relevant
warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation or
relationship of agency or trust for any warrantholder. A single
bank or trust company may act as warrant agent for more than one
issue of warrants. A warrant agent will have no duty or
responsibility in case we default in performing its obligations
under the relevant warrant agreement or warrant, including any duty
or responsibility to initiate any legal proceedings or to make any
demand upon us. Any warrantholder may, without the consent of the
warrant agent or of any other warrantholder, enforce by appropriate
legal action its right to exercise, and receive the securities
purchasable upon exercise of, that warrant.

Replacement
of Warrant Certificates

        We
will replace any destroyed, lost, stolen or mutilated warrant
certificate upon delivery to us and the relevant warrant agent of
evidence satisfactory to them of the ownership of that warrant
certificate and of the destruction, loss, theft or mutilation of
that war


 








 

































Financing Used Equipment Purchases | United Rentals



















 
























This site requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript to continue
        using this site.





















                      SIGN IN / REGISTER                    


 Find A Location Customer Care




                    English                  






                            Español                          



                            Français                          










                ×
              




 
                        SIGN IN / REGISTER                      

 Find A Location Customer Care





Rent Equipment
Used Equipment
Solutions
Services
Safety & Training
Our Company
 









                          Call us                        




















                      Search                    








                      Your Cart                    


















      ×
    




Search form

Search 





 



















    Financing Used Equipment Purchases  



Finance your equipment purchase with our affordable financing program. Program covers all equipment-related costs including warranty and freight. U.S. Online Application Applications in Adobe PDF format:U.S. Application - EnglishCanada Appication - EnglishU.S. Application - SpanishCanada Application - French Find Used Equipment from United Rentals 






















Delivery Fee
This Delivery fee can be avoided if you elect the "In-Store Pickup" option instead of delivery

×



Environmental
United Rentals applies an environmental charge to rented equipment that contains an internal combustion engine, hydraulic oils or similar components. The charge is 1.30% of the rental charge for equipment with a maximum charge of $75. The charge is designed to recover the company’s direct and indirect expenses for the handling, managing and disposing of waste products, hazardous materials and related administrative costs.
Some of our indirect expenses include, but are not limited to, the handling and managing of wastewater disposal, oil and fuel spills, fuel storage and management, fees paid to regulatory agencies and fees paid to vendors. Some of our direct environmental expenses include proper disposal of products from the care, maintenance and operation of equipment including used oil filters, spent oil absorbent, parts cleaners, scrap tires and waste antifreeze. This is not a government-mandated charge.

×



Rental Protection Plan
The Rental Protection Plan is not insurance. The Rental Protection Plan is optional and only available to direct commercial customers. When you purchase the Rental Protection Plan product, you will not be held responsible for the full replacement value of damaged or stolen equipment. If something does go wrong, you will be responsible for 10% of the damage costs or $500.00, whichever is less*.
Upon accepting the Rental Protection Plan, the customer agrees to pay a percentage based on the rented equipment, and in return United Rentals agrees to waive certain claims for accidental damage to or theft of the aforementioned equipment occurring during normal and careful use. The customer remains liable for all other damages as set forth in the conditions found in Addendum 1 to the Rental Agreement.
*Customer agrees that it will use its best efforts to protect the equipment from loss, theft or damage at all times during the rental period, and until the equipment is retrieved and in the Company’s possession.

×




































	
		
		
		URI | Stock Snapshot - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













Your browser is not supported.

 



The new stock research experience is built to take advantage of the latest browser technology.

Download the latest version of Internet Explorer 







Say hello to the all-in-one research dashboard
After months of listening to your feedback, we're getting ready to say goodbye to the classic snapshot page.What's been improvedVideo tutorial


Upgrade Now 










			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary


Learn how to evaluate a company's health with our Fundamental Analysis education.




Help/Glossary









Stay up-to-date with educational webinar notifications and Viewpoints Active Investor Weekly Edition.






Snapshot:URI

UNITED RENTALS

119.73 -1.04 (-0.86 %)as of 4:02:01pm ET 07/28/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade
Option Chain


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file













CUSIP Log in for CUSIP

Security Type: Common Stock







Bid
119.25


Bid Size
2


Ask
120.28


Ask Size
3


Open
120.61


Day High
120.94


Day Low
119.03


Previous Close
119.73


52-Week High
134.2803/01/2017


52-Week Low
					
				
70.5811/02/2016




Price Performance (Last 52 Weeks)+49.93%Held by ETPsYes (141)

Volume
1,109,360


90-Day Average Volume
1,689,343


Primary Exchange
NYSE





Index
S&P 500®





Options

Yes





 Detailed Quote



































Reset Chart







Advanced Chart











Save




Save










Load Saved View
Save Current View





Note: You can save only one view at the time. Saving this view will overwrite your previously saved view.
Please use the Advanced Chart if you want to have more than one view.


Cancel 
                    







Save View



                                Your view has been saved
                            












Failed



                                Your view hasn't been saved
                            











Draw
Indicators
Events
Compare
Settings




Trendline




Notes











Splits




Earnings









Enter up to 10 symbols

DJIA
S&P 500
NASDAQ




                    tab 5
                







TODAY
2D
5D
10D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
5Y
10Y
Frequency:




DELAYED DATA AS OF
                




Text Note




Text





Font Color





















Background Color





















Font Size








Font Style























Cancel






Chart Settings




Chart Type






Show/Hide





Show Extended Hours
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp


Show Previous Close


Cancel



















Cancel














































Please note you can display only one indicator at a time in this view. Please use Advanced Chart if you want to display more than one.

Cancel




Attention


Please note you can display only one indicator at a time in this view. Please use Advanced Chart if you want to display more than one.
Don't show again
            




























News & Events

Log in for more news
















									  BRIEF-United Rentals reports full redemption of 6.125 pct senior notes
								  


									  Reuters – 
									  








	
		4:53 PM ET 07/28/2017
	
	


								  


United Rentals Inc (URI). * United Rentals (URI) announces full redemption of 6.125 pct senior notes due 2023. * United Rentals-unit has given notice of intention to redeem all of outstanding $925 million principal amount of 6.125 pct senior notes due on aug. 27, 2017.
















									  United Rentals Announces Full Redemption of 6.125% Senior Notes due 2023
								  


									  Business Wire – 
									  








	
		4:34 PM ET 07/28/2017
	
	


								  


United Rentals, Inc. (URI) today announced that its subsidiary, United Rentals, Inc. (URI), has given notice of its intention to redeem all of the outstanding $925 million principal amount of its 6.125% Senior Notes due 2023 on August 27, 2017.
















									  BRIEF-United Rentals announces pricing of $925 mln of 4.875 pct senior notes due 2028
								  


									  Reuters – 
									  








	
		4:23 PM ET 07/28/2017
	
	


								  


United Rentals Inc (URI). * United Rentals (URI) announces pricing of $925 million of 4.875 pct senior notes due 2028. * United Rentals Inc (URI) - ‍subsidiary has priced its offering of $925 million principal amount of 4.875 pct senior notes due 2028​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
















									  United Rentals Announces Pricing of $925 Million of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2028
								  


									  Business Wire – 
									  








	
		4:10 PM ET 07/28/2017
	
	


								  


United Rentals, Inc. (URI) today announced that its subsidiary, United Rentals, Inc. (URI), has priced its offering of $925 million principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2028 in a registered public offering. The Notes offered by URNA will rank: URNAs obligations under the Notes will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by United Rentals, Inc. (URI) and certain of URNAs domestic subsidiaries.
















									  Form  FWP        UNITED RENTALS NORTH                   Filed by: UNITED RENTALS NORTH AMERICA INC
								  


									  EDGAR SEC Filings – 
									  








	
		4:03 PM ET 07/28/2017
	
	


								  


http://archive.fast-edgar.com/20170728/A7AE762C8Z22CZZZ279B2ZZZ3U3RZ2V2Z292 Filed on: July 28, 2017.










Events




Oct
18


URI to announce Q3 earnings After Market (Unconfirmed)







 More News & Events






Company Profile

Log in for more information




United Rentals, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as an equipment rental company. It operates in two segments, General Rentals; and Trench, Power, and Pump. The General Rentals segment engages in the rental of general construction and…



					View more
				


United Rentals, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as an equipment rental company. It operates in two segments, General Rentals; and Trench, Power, and Pump. The General Rentals segment engages in the rental of general construction and industrial equipment, such as backhoes, skid-steer loaders, forklifts, earthmoving equipment, and material handling equipment; aerial work platforms, such as boom lifts and scissor lifts; and general tools and light equipment comprising pressure washers, water pumps, and power tools. This segment serves construction and industrial companies, manufacturers, utilities, municipalities, and homeowners. The Trench, Power, and Pump segment is involved in the rental of specialty construction products, including trench safety equipment, such as trench shields, aluminum hydraulic shoring systems, slide rails, crossing plates, construction lasers, and line testing equipment for underground work; power and HVAC equipment, which consists of portable diesel generators, electrical distribution equipment, and temperature control equipment; and pumps primarily used by energy and petrochemical customers. It serves construction companies involved in infrastructure projects, municipalities, and industrial companies. The company also sells new equipment, such as aerial lifts, reach forklifts, telehandlers, compressors, and generators; contractor supplies, including construction consumables, tools, small equipment, and safety supplies; and parts for equipment that are owned by the company's customers, as well as provides repair and maintenance services. It sells its used equipment through its sales force, brokers, and Website, as well as at auctions and directly to manufacturers. As of January 1, 2017, the company operated 887 rental locations in the United States and Canada. United Rentals, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.



				View less
			







Sector (GICS®)Industrials








Industry (GICS®)Trading Companies & Distributors









Environmental, Social & Governance Summary (ESG)
		 
		



		ESG ratings enable you to leverage independent ESG research to evaluate how companies are managing ESG risks and addressing ESG opportunities.
		Learn more




To access the latest ESG Research, 
Visit the new Stock Dashboard





Accounting & Governance Risk Score (AGR®)
		 
		



		The GMI Accounting and Governance Risk (AGR®) Score & Rating is widely recognized as an indicator of the confidence level surrounding a company's management and reported financials. 
		Learn more









About Environmental, Social & Governance Summary (ESG)



GMI ESG Ratings


GMI AGR® Score & Rating






GMI ESG Ratings
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Flags:  GMI Ratings publishes Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) ratings on over 6,000 companies worldwide. These ratings provide an independent assessment of the sustainable investment value of public companies.  The ESG Ratings model is based on a carefully crafted and applied list of KeyMetrics® that result in an overall ESG concern level as expressed by Red (High Concern), Yellow (Average Concern), and Green (Low Concern) flags.  Unlike traditional ESG risk models, GMI's rating methodology is designed to identify risks most likely to affect equity valuations. Specifically, these ratings reflect actual corporate behaviors rather than policies or affirmations of intent to adhere to best ESG practices. Further, unlike other models with evenly weighted metrics, we assign context-sensitive relative weightings to our key metrics, based on market, regional, ownership or sector differences.  Individual company scores are then assigned as a percentile rank, ranging from 1 (worst ranked) to 100 (best) on the basis of these KeyMetrics® and then converted to the Red, Yellow or Green flag designation.
Company Reports:  In addition to a company's overall risk rating, ESG reports also include an industry rating based on a comparison between the company's risk levels in each ESG component area relative to its industry peers.  Further, the ESG analysis serves as a summary of behavioral events that contributed to the company's overall risk level.

 More About GMI



GMI Accounting and Governance Risk (AGR) Score & Rating
The GMI Accounting and Governance Risk (AGR) Score & Rating is widely recognized as an indicator of the confidence level surrounding a company's management and reported financials.
Scores range from 0 to 100, and correspond to a risk classification for each company ranging from "Very Aggressive" to "Conservative." The AGR Score is a percentile ranking among the approximately 8,000 companies rated by GMI. Through continued back-testing, GMI has demonstrated a strong correlation between its quarterly AGR Score and the likelihood of adverse events, including securities class action litigation, financial restatements, regulatory enforcement actions, and stock price declines.
				Thus, a company's AGR Score can help investors looking to manage risk or enhance investment performance. GMI forensically analyzes the financial reporting and governance practices of over 8,000 North American-based publicly traded companies.
About GMI
GMI is an independent risk research firm which provides a statistically modeled assessment of corporate integrity. Founded in 2002 in direct response to the growing number of scandals, lawsuits and investor losses resulting from fraudulent corporate behavior, the firm identifies potential high-risk company accounting and governance activity, which in turn has been historically correlated to stock price declines, securities class-action litigation, and material financial restatements. The product of GMI's analysis is a unique risk measure - the AGR Score which can be used by investors as a way to more effectively manage corporate risk.

 More About GMI






Full Time Employees: 12,500




Executives 
		





www.unitedrentals.com

100 First Stamford Place, Suite 700
			Stamford, CT 06902
			United States of America

1-203-622-3131






Analyst Opinions










Equity Summary Score
-active tab




All Opinions











					The Equity Summary Score is an accuracy-weighted sentiment derived from the ratings of independent research providers on Fidelity.com.  It uses the past relative accuracy of the providers in determining the emphasis placed on any individual opinion.
					
					Learn More....



						Log in
					 to view the Equity Summary Score for URI








Equity Summary Score




All Opinions
-active tab












						Log in
					 to view all Analyst Opinions for URI









Research Reports






Company Research Highlights® Report (PDF)


VARIOUS THIRD PARTIES
This generated report* compiles independent, third-party information highlighting key fundamental and technical data, analyst opinions, stock price movement, earnings data, and industry comparisons. Available only to Fidelity customers.



Compustat ® Company Report


S&P Global
This generated report* has historical data on financials with interactive charts, technical indicators, and five-year peer comparison trend charts.


				
				All Research Reports 


			*Generated reports are built dynamically when you select them. Reports may not be available for some symbols. Select the link to check availability for this symbol.
		





CompareIndustry Average & Percentile MethodologyURI Industry Comparison:Vs. Trading Companies & DistributorsURIIndustry AveragePercentilein IndustryMarket Capitalization$10.12B$2.25B96thTotal Return (1 Year Annualized) AS OF 07/27/2017 49.933.73--Beta (1 Year Annualized)2.601.2093rdEPS (TTM) AS OF 06/30/2017 $6.88$7.8697thCurrent Consensus EPS Estimate$2.95----EPS Growth (TTM vs. Prior TTM)+4.40%+5.96%43rdP/E (TTM) AS OF 07/27/201717.5518.6849thDividend Yield (Annualized)------Total Revenue (TTM) AS OF 06/30/2017$5.98B$11.84B89thRevenue Growth(TTM vs Prior TTM)+3.10%+0.30%68thShares Outstanding84,540,000350,245,05679thInstitutional Ownership93.86%54.84%78th More Comparisons












† The Equity Summary Score provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine is current as of the date specified.  There may be differences between the Equity Summary Score analyst count and the number of underlying analysts listed.  Due to the timing in receiving ratings changes into the Equity Summary Score model, the Equity Summary Score analyst count may lag the ratings count displayed by one or more days.  There may also be analyst count variations for symbols with multiple share classes and ADRs.  More details on Equity Summary Score calculation are included in the Understanding and Using the Equity Summary Score Methodology (PDF).As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.455221.19








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 









































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.






















Equipment Rental for Construction and Industrial Sites | United Rentals



















 

























This site requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript to continue
        using this site.




















                      SIGN IN / REGISTER                    


 Find A Location Customer Care




                    English                  






                            Español                          



                            Français                          










                ×
              




 
                        SIGN IN / REGISTER                      

 Find A Location Customer Care





Rent Equipment
Used Equipment
Solutions
Services
Safety & Training
Our Company
 









                          Call us                        




















                      Search                    








                      Your Cart                    


















      ×
    




Search form

Search 





 



















    Rent Now  



Buy Used Equipment 

PDF versions of catalog 
 








Rent what you need with the click of a button.Now you can easily source, quote, rent, schedule and track your equipment - anywhere, anytime, from any device. Your job starts here. 



Get Started 



Buy Used 
 

















              Find A Location            

              Search 880+ locations in the US and Canada.            





                  ENTER ZIP, CITY OR STATE                







              Browse by State or Province 
















FEATURED


 

          United Rentals Supports SoldierStrong with Turns for Troops        








              Press Release            





 

          United Rentals Completes Acquisition of NES Rentals        








              Press Release            






 






Featured Product



    Electric Scissor Lift, 30'-33'
  







        View Scissor Lifts
      


 
 







    Power & HVAC  

Keep power and air flowing.




Get the power to manage your equipment.

More about Power and HVAC 





    Tool Solutions  

Keep your crews working.




Tool rental solutions.

More about Tool Solutions 





    Pump Solutions  

Complete pump rental solutions.




Industrial & commercial applications.

More about Pump Solutions 




 








LATEST NEWS


July 25th
				Michael Kneeland on Jim Cramer's Mad Money			

			




Thursday, 7/27 at 6pm EDT on CNBC 

Watch Online 




 






FEATURED



			Project: Uptime Featured Article		





        Construction Job Site Precautions for Warm Weather      


          Read More        





 




















Delivery Fee
This Delivery fee can be avoided if you elect the "In-Store Pickup" option instead of delivery

×



Environmental
United Rentals applies an environmental charge to rented equipment that contains an internal combustion engine, hydraulic oils or similar components. The charge is 1.30% of the rental charge for equipment with a maximum charge of $75. The charge is designed to recover the company’s direct and indirect expenses for the handling, managing and disposing of waste products, hazardous materials and related administrative costs.
Some of our indirect expenses include, but are not limited to, the handling and managing of wastewater disposal, oil and fuel spills, fuel storage and management, fees paid to regulatory agencies and fees paid to vendors. Some of our direct environmental expenses include proper disposal of products from the care, maintenance and operation of equipment including used oil filters, spent oil absorbent, parts cleaners, scrap tires and waste antifreeze. This is not a government-mandated charge.

×



Rental Protection Plan
The Rental Protection Plan is not insurance. The Rental Protection Plan is optional and only available to direct commercial customers. When you purchase the Rental Protection Plan product, you will not be held responsible for the full replacement value of damaged or stolen equipment. If something does go wrong, you will be responsible for 10% of the damage costs or $500.00, whichever is less*.
Upon accepting the Rental Protection Plan, the customer agrees to pay a percentage based on the rented equipment, and in return United Rentals agrees to waive certain claims for accidental damage to or theft of the aforementioned equipment occurring during normal and careful use. The customer remains liable for all other damages as set forth in the conditions found in Addendum 1 to the Rental Agreement.
*Customer agrees that it will use its best efforts to protect the equipment from loss, theft or damage at all times during the rental period, and until the equipment is retrieved and in the Company’s possession.

×

























