   40% of a Mexican import is American - Jan. 26, 2017                   
                 
























     



Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed.
By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.













U.S.
+

International







Log In


Log Out











       Your Money, Your America  40% of a Mexican import is American 

        by Patrick Gillespie   @CNNMoney   January 26, 2017: 2:08 PM ET                       Building Trump's Wall: For Texans, it's complicated     
Mexican products have plenty of red, white and blue in them.  President Donald Trump tweeted Thursday that America is losing to Mexico on trade.   
  "It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers of jobs and companies lost," Trump tweeted, referring to the free trade deal between the U.S., Canada and Mexico.   But trade is more of a two-way street.   Experts like to point out a key fact: 40% of the parts in a typical Mexican product originate in the United States, according to the Commerce Department.    And that's a key reason why 6 million U.S. jobs depend on trade just with Mexico, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.   These numbers represent the core of how free trade works in North America and how supply chains of thousands of businesses flow through the three countries. Certain products are made in the United States, others in Canada and others in Mexico. Assembling the product also happens across borders.   For instance, before a car arrives at a local dealership, its parts already crossed both southern and northern borders multiple times.   Related: Remove cars, and the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico 'vanishes'   Trump threatens to slap a "big border tax" on companies that manufacture in Mexico and sell products in the United States. Trump says it could be as high as a 35% tax -- or tariff -- on Mexican products.   Trade experts emphasize that tariffs on Mexican products would cost jobs in the U.S. precisely because of that 40% figure. Tariffs risk disrupting the free flow of goods between these three North American nations, which could cost jobs in all three countries.   Peter Navarro, who leads the White House National Trade Council, said during the campaign that tariffs would not cost U.S. jobs.   "The tariff is not an end game, it's a strategy -- a strategy to renegotiate trade deals," Navarro told CNNMoney during the campaign. "Tariffs wouldn't put U.S. jobs at risk."   Navarro and other Trump advisers are holding their second day of talks with Mexico's economy minister, Ildefonso Guajardo, and foreign minister, Luis Videgaray. Trump is still scheduled to meet with President Enrique Pena Nieto next week. NAFTA and the border wall are at the top of the agenda.      CNNMoney (New York)  First published January 26, 2017: 11:02 AM ET          







 


Social Surge - What's Trending










                  Congratulations Millennials, you now have your own airline
                









                  Scaramucci sorry for calling Trump a 'hack' with a 'big mouth' in 2015
                









                  Wells Fargo ordered to rehire whistleblower and pay $577,500 in back wages
                











 

Mortgage






The Motley Fool Paid Partner






37-Year-Old CEO Bets $782,000,000 on 1 Stock
You Can Still Buy This "Millionaire Maker" Stock
Apple Quietly Leases 5,000 Acre Abandoned Military Base
Motley Fool Issues Rare Triple-Buy Alert
This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon for $3.19







LendingTreePaid Partner









Newsletter




Sponsored by




Key market news. In your inbox.Every morning.

Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday.















Privacy Policy






 
CNNMoney Sponsors
































NextAdvisor Paid Partner






Pay no interest until September 2018 with this card
$200 just for using this credit card
Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card
3 cards charging 0% interest until 2019
The highest paying cash back card has arrived





GoBankingRates Paid Partner






Refinance your mortgage – check for today’s low rate! NMLS#174457
Compare savings accounts and open a new account today!
Take advantage of a steady interest rate with these CD accounts
You can earn 10x returns in your savings with these banks



       
 





















Corn Products International, Inc. v. Mexican States







Skip to Main Content






DOS Seal

U.S. Department of State
Diplomacy in Action



Toggle Topbar

















Search InputSearch









Jump to In This Section




HomeBureaus/Offices Reporting Directly to the SecretaryOffice of the Legal AdviserInternational Claims and Investment Disputes (L/CID)NAFTA Investor-State ArbitrationsCases Filed Against the United Mexican States
Corn Products International, Inc. v. Mexican States





Share






Corn Products International, Inc., a U.S. corporation, filed a notice of arbitration against Mexico under the ICSID Additional Facility Rules on behalf of itself and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Arancia Corn Products, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican company.  Corn Products claims that its investments in the high fructose corn syrup industry in Mexico have been adversely impacted by Mexico's 2002 adoption of a tax on high fructose corn syrup.  Corn Products alleges that the tax is aimed at protecting Mexico's domestic sugar producers and excluding high fructose corn syrup from the soft drink sweetener market.  Corn Products asserts that Mexico's tax on high fructose corn syrup violates the national treatment obligation under NAFTA Article 1102, the prohibition on performance requirements in NAFTA Article1106 and the prohibition on indirect expropriation in NAFTA Article 1110.  Corn Products seeks damages in excess of $325 million. 
For further information and documents concerning this claim, click here.









In This Section:



Go Back






Highlights










Learn More















Top



Javascript is disabled in your browser. For the best experience on this web site, please enable Javascript.


























Cases Filed Against the United Mexican States







Skip to Main Content






DOS Seal

U.S. Department of State
Diplomacy in Action



Toggle Topbar

















Search InputSearch









Jump to In This Section




HomeBureaus/Offices Reporting Directly to the SecretaryOffice of the Legal AdviserInternational Claims and Investment Disputes (L/CID)NAFTA Investor-State Arbitrations
Cases Filed Against the United Mexican States





Share







	NOTE: To view the individual case reports, you will need Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. It is available for download, at no cost, at access.adobe.com. Adobe also offers accessibility tools to allow visually disabled users to read documents in Adobe PDF format.










In This Section:



Archer Daniels Midland Co. and Tate & Lyle Ingredients Americas, Inc. v. United Mexican States


Azinian et al v. United Mexican States


B-Mex, LLC and others v. Government of Mexico


Bayview Irrigation et al. v. United Mexican States


Cargill, Inc. v. United Mexican States


Corn Products International, Inc. v. Mexican States


Fireman's Fund v. United Mexican States


GAMI Investments Inc. v. United Mexican States


High Fructose Corn Syrup Cases:  Request for Consolidation


International Thunderbird Gaming Corporation v. United Mexican States


KBR, Inc. and The United Mexican States


Lion Mexico Consolidated L.P. v. United Mexican States


Marvin Roy Feldman Karpa (CEMSA) v. United Mexican States


Metalclad Corp. v. United Mexican States


Robert J. Frank v. United Mexican States


Waste Management, Inc. v. United Mexican States






Highlights










Learn More















Top



Javascript is disabled in your browser. For the best experience on this web site, please enable Javascript.




                          Middle-class Mexicans snap up more products ‘Made in U.S.A.’ - The Washington Post                                                                           2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   The Americas   Middle-class Mexicans snap up more products ‘Made in U.S.A.’               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                 By Nick Miroff and William Booth  By Nick Miroff and William Booth   September 9, 2012  Follow @nickmiroff Follow @boothwilliam      MEXICO CITY — When the governor of Colorado came to Mexico on a trade mission this year to see the sights, “one of the most amazing” was a Costco. “It was as big, clean and modern as any in America,” recalled Gov. John Hickenlooper (D), who found the aisles filled with shoppers bearing “nothing but positive feelings toward the United States.” Especially toward U.S. stuff. The Costco was stocked with products stamped “Made in U.S.A.,” including some of the $755 million in goods that Colorado exports to Mexico each year: marbled slabs of steak from Greeley, cans of pinto beans from Holyoke and sacks of russet potatoes out of Monte Vista. Trade between the United States and Mexico is surging, up 17 percent in 2011 to a record $461 billion, as Mexico vies with China to become America’s second-largest trading partner after Canada. China and the United States did $502 billion in trade last year. The growing middle class that is fast becoming Mexico’s majority is buying more U.S. goods than ever, while turning Mexico into a more democratic, dynamic and prosperous American ally.  “We are obsessed with China when we ought to seriously focus, for our own benefit, on our neighbor Mexico,” said Robert Pastor, a professor of international relations at American University and author of “The North American Idea.” While news about headless torsos, drug barons and illegal immigration dominates the headlines, and much of the Obama administration agenda south of the border has focused on law enforcement, economists say another story is one of roaring trade. “Not only is Mexico doing better, macroeconomically speaking, than the false stereotypes would have us think, Mexico is actually doing better than the United States,” said Richard Fisher, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, who applauds Mexico for controlling inflation, balancing budgets and managing debt. Fisher grew up in Mexico City in the 1950s and remembers a Mexico that “was our soft underbelly, a country of tremendous poverty and horribly bad governments.” Now Fisher and his peers praise Mexico for pouring billions of pesos into infrastructure, including ports, railroads, refineries and highways. In the same breath, investors worry about everything Mexico still needs to do: enforce the rule of law, reduce poverty, bust wasteful telephone and media monopolies, open the national oil industry to foreign investment and curb endemic corruption, the kind that exposed Wal-Mart to allegations the company paid $24 million in bribes to speed permits for construction. In the World Bank’s 2012 annual report “Doing Business,” which measures benchmarks such as enforcing contracts, paying taxes and protecting investors, Mexico finished a middling 53rd among 183 countries, an embarrassing rating for the pro-business government of outgoing President Felipe Calderon. But the trend lines are up. “The better off Mexico is, the better off we are,” Fisher said. “And all these Wal-Marts, Sam’s Clubs and Costcos are for the emerging middle class.” ‘Deeply integrated’ Trade with the United States has increased sixfold since the North American Free Trade Agreement went into effect in 1994, according to Bank of Mexico and U.S. Commerce Department data. The trade agreement eliminated tariffs for goods and made it easier to invest across the border. In the United States, NAFTA is still often used as a pejorative shorthand for outsourced jobs, particularly in Rust Belt states where manufacturers have closed plants and moved south. The torrid expansion of auto manufacturing in Mexico, for instance, is viewed by some industry experts as a long-term threat to much-touted U.S. job growth in the sector. But NAFTA today generates far less controversy in Mexico. The last large protests, by farmers angry about cheap corn imports from Canada and the United States, occurred in 2008. During Mexico’s presidential campaign this year, none of the candidates — not even leftist challenger Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador — campaigned against NAFTA or threatened to revoke it. The winner, President-elect Enrique Peña Nieto, said he wants to expand it. And there is little wonder why. Mexican exports to the United States have soared from $42 billion in 1993 to $263 billion in 2011, according to the Commerce Department. Almost 80 percent of Mexico’s exports go to the U.S. market, led by crude oil, fruits, vegetables, televisions, cellphones, computers and passenger vehicles. “Before NAFTA, we had a slight trade deficit with the United States,” said Daniel Chiquiar, a Bank of Mexico statistician. “Now we have a huge trade surplus.” U.S. exports have also multiplied, especially as the consumption tastes of the growing Mexican middle class increasingly resemble those of U.S. shoppers. “Mexico and the United States are no longer competitors, where one country wins and the other loses. They are partners,” said Christopher Wilson of the Mexico Institute in Washington, who is the author of the report “Working Together.” “The Mexican and U.S. economies are now as deeply integrated as any on Earth.” ‘Looking for quality’ In a Costco store in the suburbs at the edge of Mexico City, shoppers browse shelves loaded with pallets of Kirkland vitamins, value packs of Nature Valley granola bars and sacks of Cape Cod kettle-cooked potato chips. From 2009 to 2011, 825 new discounters and more than 3,000 convenience stores opened for business in Mexico. The biggest growth came in modern retail chains, filled with U.S. products, that are challenging, for better or worse, the traditional mom-and-pop stores doling out soda, eggs and tortillas. Mexico bought $198 billion worth of U.S. goods last year, up from $41 billion in 1993.  The United States sold more stuff to Mexico than to Brazil, India, Japan and Britain combined. At Costco, even the walls in the butcher aisle boast the “USDA Premium” and “USDA Choice” labels, in English. Sales were up 12 percent last year at the company’s 32 stores in Mexico, according to Iñigo Astier, the executive in charge of purchasing for Costco’s Mexico operations. “Costco members here in Mexico are middle class, even upper middle class,” he said. “As our economy grows, consumers are looking for quality products, and Costco is consistent in quality.” About 6 million jobs in the United States depend on trade with Mexico, according to the consulting group Trade Partnership Worldwide, which calculated the total for the Mexican government in 2008. More than 70 percent of the chickens Texas ships beyond its borders go to Mexico; New Jersey sends $1 billion in pharmaceuticals; Iowa exports $121 million in pork; Montana, $59 million in copper and molybdenum. Preferring U.S.-made goods In Mexico’s Costco stores, staples such as tortilla chips and chipotle salsa are trucked in from factories in California and Texas that produce for both sides of the border. With 32 million people of Mexican descent living in the United States and extensive travel — and shopping — up north, Mexico’s middle class has come to equate American-made products with higher quality, even if the products costly slightly more. “The Mexican consumer is less focused on price and more focused on freshness,” said Sonia Denham, a senior sales manager for California organic produce giant Earthbound Farms, which supplies Costco stores in Mexico and the United States.  “A salad produced or labeled in the U.S. is a more prestigious item,” said Denham, who explained that the “USDA organic” label is sought out by the discerning Mexican salad-eater. Jim Walstrom, chief executive of Motely, Minn.-based Morey’s Seafood International, said his company’s relationship with Costco has opened doors to a vast market of 114 million Mexicans who will increasingly serve items such as Pacific salmon and mahi-mahi to their families. “What we sell down there rivals what we can sell in any given store in the U.S.,” Walstrom said. Working together Many U.S. goods — metalworking machines, agricultural processors, car parts — are destined for the factory floors of Mexico, as the country grows as a manufacturing hub, helped by NAFTA and lower transportation costs and wages. Trade analysts have watched Mexico move from farm work to assembly plants to the high-skill manufacturing necessary to make airplanes and satellites. Earlier this year, China lost its factory-wage advantage over Mexico. Rising Chinese labor costs are pushing companies to “reshore” production back to Mexico and the United States, where transportation costs are lower, too. This year, Mexico became the No. 1 investment destination for the aerospace industry. More and more, Mexican and U.S. companies work together. Researchers say that an imported product from Mexico sold in the United States actually is 40 percent “Made in U.S.A.,” because of the sharing of parts and labor between neighbors. That same import from China to the United States is only 4 percent “Made in U.S.A.” U.S. companies have been steadily increasing their investments in Mexico and have poured $145 billion into 18,000 companies since 2000. Their Mexican counterparts have not been idle. Products selling under the brands Sara Lee, Thomas’ English muffins, Borden milk, Weight Watchers yogurt and Ready Mix concrete are actually wholly owned by Mexican companies. This year, the Obama administration is expanding its Select USA initiative to Mexico, hoping to bring Mexican business leaders north for a visit, to tempt them to invest in America and place a bet north of the border.          world the_americas  Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters           world the_americas  Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Nick Miroff is a Latin America correspondent for The Post, roaming from the U.S.-Mexico borderlands to South America’s southern cone. He has been a staff writer since 2006.  Follow @nickmiroff     William Booth is The Post’s Jerusalem bureau chief. He was previously bureau chief in Mexico, Los Angeles and Miami.  Follow @boothwilliam                      Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                                Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.   You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.             ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series.        Most Read        1   Sessions discussed Trump campaign-related matters with Russian ambassador, U.S. intelligence intercepts show       2   Former Obama spy chiefs upbraid Trump for his remarks about his intelligence agencies       3   Philippines’ Duterte vows not to come to the U.S.: ‘I’ve seen America, and it’s lousy’       4   The man who drives Trump’s Russia connection       5   The Latest: Clashes in West Bank village of deadly stabber            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                   world the_americas      Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     



Product of Mexico: Hardship on Mexico's farms, a bounty for U.S. tables - Los Angeles Times












































Product of Mexico

Watch more









Scroll to read













                Product of Mexico 



Harsh Harvest
No Way Out
Company Stores
Child Labor
Portraits of Labor
En Español






Local


California


Sports


Entertainment


Nation


World


Business


Opinion


Lifestyle


Travel























Hardship on Mexico's farms, a bounty for U.S. tables
By Richard Marosi
Photography & Video by Don Bartletti
Dec. 7, 2014

A Times reporter and photographer find that thousands of laborers at Mexico's mega-farms endure harsh conditions and exploitation while supplying produce for American consumers.
First of four stories





At the end of the day, Roma tomatoes are ready for transport in Cristo Rey in the state of Sinaloa. Half the tomatoes consumed in the U.S. come from Mexico.

The tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers arrive year-round by the ton, with peel-off stickers proclaiming "Product of Mexico."




ADVERTISEMENT



Farm exports to the U.S. from Mexico have tripled to $7.6 billion in the last decade, enriching agribusinesses, distributors and retailers.
American consumers get all the salsa, squash and melons they can eat at affordable prices. And top U.S. brands — Wal-Mart, Whole Foods, Subway and Safeway, among many others — profit from produce they have come to depend on.
These corporations say their Mexican suppliers have committed to decent treatment and living conditions for workers.
But a Los Angeles Times investigation found that for thousands of farm laborers south of the border, the export boom is a story of exploitation and extreme hardship.

Lea esta historia en español »

The Times found:

Many farm laborers are essentially trapped for months at a time in rat-infested camps, often without beds and sometimes without functioning toilets or a reliable water supply.
Some camp bosses illegally withhold wages to prevent workers from leaving during peak harvest periods.
Laborers often go deep in debt paying inflated prices for necessities at company stores. Some are reduced to scavenging for food when their credit is cut off. It's common for laborers to head home penniless at the end of a harvest.
Those who seek to escape their debts and miserable living conditions have to contend with guards, barbed-wire fences and sometimes threats of violence from camp supervisors.
Major U.S. companies have done little to enforce social responsibility guidelines that call for basic worker protections such as clean housing and fair pay practices.


The farm laborers are mostly indigenous people from Mexico's poorest regions. Bused hundreds of miles to vast agricultural complexes, they work six days a week for the equivalent of $8 to $12 a day.
The squalid camps where they live, sometimes sleeping on scraps of cardboard on concrete floors, are operated by the same agribusinesses that employ advanced growing techniques and sanitary measures in their fields and greenhouses.
The contrast between the treatment of produce and of people is stark.









Clockwise from top: At Campo Sacramento in Guasave, Sinaloa, barbed wire runs along the perimeter, and arrivals and departures are controlled around the clock. After a long day of work, laborers crowd in the bed of an open truck. At Campo San Jose, Lucio Marquez Garcia, right, dines with his family on food that they picked. Son Luis, 17, says, "It's hard to sleep because of all the TVs and drunks making noise. You wake up so tired you don't feel like working."


In immaculate greenhouses, laborers are ordered to use hand sanitizers and schooled in how to pamper the produce. They're required to keep their fingernails carefully trimmed so the fruit will arrive unblemished in U.S. supermarkets.
"They want us to take such great care of the tomatoes, but they don't take care of us," said Japolina Jaimez, a field hand at Rene Produce, a grower of tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers in the northwestern state of Sinaloa. "Look at how we live."
He pointed to co-workers and their children, bathing in an irrigation canal because the camp's showers had no water that day.
At the mega-farms that supply major American retailers, child labor has been largely eradicated. But on many small and mid-sized farms, children still work the fields, picking chiles, tomatillos and other produce, some of which makes its way to the U.S. through middlemen. About 100,000 children younger than 14 pick crops for pay, according to the Mexican government's most recent estimate.



                Pedro Vasquez, working the chile pepper fields near Leon, Guanajuato, is one of the estimated 100,000 Mexican children younger than 14 who pick crops for pay, according to the government’s most recent estimate. He is 9 years old.
            

During The Times' 18-month investigation, a reporter and a photographer traveled across nine Mexican states, observing conditions at farm labor camps and interviewing hundreds of workers.
At half the 30 camps they visited, laborers were in effect prevented from leaving because their wages were being withheld or they owed money to the company store, or both.
Some of the worst camps were linked to companies that have been lauded by government and industry groups. Mexico's President Enrique Peña Nieto presented at least two of them with "exporter of the year" honors.
The Times traced produce from fields to U.S. supermarket shelves using Mexican government export data, food safety reports from independent auditors, California pesticide surveys that identify the origin of imported produce, and numerous interviews with company officials and industry experts.
The practice of withholding wages, although barred by Mexican law, persists, especially for workers recruited from indigenous areas, according to government officials and a 2010 report by the federal Secretariat of Social Development. These laborers typically work under three-month contracts and are not paid until the end. The law says they must be paid weekly.
The Times visited five big export farms where wages were being withheld. Each employed hundreds of workers.
Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, bought produce directly or through middlemen from at least three of those farms, The Times found.
Bosses at one of Mexico's biggest growers, Bioparques de Occidente in the state of Jalisco, not only withheld wages but kept hundreds of workers in a labor camp against their will and beat some who tried to escape, according to laborers and Mexican authorities.
Asked about its ties to Bioparques and other farms where workers were exploited, Wal-Mart released this statement:
"We care about the men and women in our supply chain, and recognize that challenges remain in this industry. We know the world is a big place. While our standards and audits make things better around the world, we won't catch every instance when people do things that are wrong."

“

                The real truth is that we're work animals for the fields.
            
— Pasqual Garcia, farmworker








Watch more





























At Rene Produce in Sinaloa, The Times saw hungry laborers hunting for scraps because they could not afford to buy food at the company store.
The grower, which exported $55 million in tomatoes in 2014, supplies supermarkets across the U.S., including Whole Foods, which recently took out full-page newspaper ads promoting its commitment to social responsibility.
Asked for comment, Whole Foods said it did not expect to buy any more produce "directly" from Rene, which it described as a minor supplier.

The produce pipeline: A case study »
Agricola San Emilio is a Mexican agribusiness where workers endured abusive conditions. Using public records, private market data and interviews, The Times traced produce from San Emilio to the United States.


"We take the findings you shared VERY seriously, especially since Rene has signed our social accountability agreement," Edmund LaMacchia, a global vice president of procurement for Whole Foods, said in a statement.
Rene Produce was named one of Mexico's exporters of the year in September.
Jose Humberto Garcia, the company's chief operating officer, said Rene had consulted with outside experts about ways to enhance worker welfare. "We have tried in recent years to improve the lives of our workers," he said. "There's still room for improvement. There's always room for improvement."
Executives at Triple H in Sinaloa, another exporter of the year and a distributor for major supermarkets across the U.S., said they were surprised to hear about abusive labor practices at farms including one of their suppliers, Agricola San Emilio.
"It completely violates our principles," said Heriberto Vlaminck, Triple H's general director.
His son Heriberto Vlaminck Jr., the company's commercial director, added: "I find it incredible that people work under these conditions."

In northern Mexico, agro-industrial complexes stretch for miles across coastal plains and inland valleys, their white rows of tent-like hothouses so vast they can be seen from space.
Half the tomatoes consumed in the U.S. come from Mexico, mostly from the area around Culiacan, the capital of Sinaloa. Many farms use growing techniques from Europe. Walls of tomato vines grow 10 feet tall and are picked by laborers on stilts.
Agricola San Emilio raises crops on 370 acres of open fields and greenhouses 20 miles west of Culiacan. In a tin-roofed packinghouse, tomatoes, bell peppers and cucumbers are boxed for the journey north to distributors for Wal-Mart, Olive Garden, Safeway, Subway and other retailers.









Sinaloa is home to some of the largest export farms in Mexico. Upper left: Growing houses at International Greenhouse Produce in Villa Benito Juarez employ modern techniques to protect crops against insects and to strictly regulate water, fertilizer and light. A worker, upper right, loads just-picked Roma tomatoes at Agricola El Porvenir. Above: International Greenhouse Produce operates one of the largest contiguous greenhouse complexes in North America.






ADVERTISEMENT



In 2014, the company exported more than 80 million pounds of tomatoes alone, according to government data.
Every winter, 1,000 workers arrive at San Emilio by bus with backpacks and blankets, hoping to make enough money to support family members back home. Some simply want to stay fed.
Behind the packing facility lies the company's main labor camp, a cluster of low-slung buildings made of cinder block or corrugated metal where about 500 laborers live.
The shed-like structures are crudely partitioned into tiny rooms that house four to six people each. The floors are concrete. There are no beds or other furniture, nor any windows.
The workers' day begins at 3 a.m. when a freight train known as "The Beast" rumbles past the dusty camp, rousting the inhabitants. They get coffee, a biscuit and a short stack of tortillas before heading to the fields.
When Times journalists visited the camp in March, Juan Ramirez, a 22-year-old with a toddler back home in Veracruz, had been working at San Emilio for six weeks and had yet to be paid.
He and other laborers spent their days picking, packing and pruning, or scouring the plants for weevils. They lined up for their daily meals: a bowl of lentil soup for lunch, a bowl of lentil soup for dinner.

“

                I want to go.... But if I leave, I lose everything.
            
”
— Juan Hernandez, farmworker






Share this quote


Ramirez, wearing a stained white T-shirt, chatted with two young men who were recent arrivals. They complained of hunger and constant headaches. Ramirez knew the feeling. He had lost 20 pounds since starting work at the farm.
"We arrive here fat, and leave skinny," he said.
Ramirez and several hundred others recruited by the same labor contractor earned $8 a day and were owed as much as $300 each. They said they wouldn't be paid until the end of their three-month contracts. That would be in six more weeks.
Workers said they had been promised $8 in pocket money every two weeks but received it only sporadically.
If they left now, they would forfeit the wages they'd earned. The barbed-wire fence that ringed the camp was an added deterrent. Farm owners say the barriers are meant to keep out thieves and drug dealers. They also serve another purpose: to discourage laborers from leaving before the crop has been picked and they've paid their debts to the company store.
Even if the workers at San Emilio jumped the fence, as some had, they wouldn't be able to afford a ride to Culiacan, let alone $100 for the bus ticket home.
Juan Hernandez, a father of five from Veracruz, was worried about his wife, who had been injured in an accident back home. "I want to go," he said. "But if I leave, I lose everything."
Hernandez slept atop packing crates padded with cardboard. A suitcase served as his dinner table.
In another building, Jacinto Santiago hung a scrap of cardboard in the open doorway of his room, which he shared with his son, daughter and son-in-law.



Laborers at Campo San Emilio, Sinaloa, sleep in their windowless rooms on vegetable crates and scraps of cardboard. Juan Hernandez, far right, wanted to visit his ailing wife in Veracruz. "But if I leave, I lose everything," he says.



A family of indigenous migrant farmworkers from Guerrero waits by a tomato field in Teacapan, Sinaloa. Each earning as little as $8 a day, they have little money to buy sturdy shoes.


Santiago said that in some ways, he had been better off back home in the central state of San Luis Potosi. There, he had a thatched-roof house with windows and a hen that laid eggs.
Santiago, like the other laborers, said he was promised that he would be able to send money home. His family was still waiting, because he hadn't been paid. "My family isn't the only one that suffers. Anyone who has a family at home suffers," he said.
Efrain Hernandez, 18, said recruiters told him his earnings would be held back so he wouldn't get robbed: "They said it was for my own good."
Outside one of the buildings, a group of men gathered under a dim light. It was nearing the 9 p.m. curfew, when the camp's heavy metal gate rolls shut and workers retreat to their rooms.
Their voices echoed across the compound as they swapped stories about conditions in various camps. There are at least 200 across Mexico, 150 in Sinaloa alone.
Pedro Hernandez, 51, complained that unlike some other camps, San Emilio didn't offer beds or blankets. Then again, there were fewer rats, he said.
The conversation attracted a camp supervisor, who was surprised to see a reporter and photographer.
"When the people from Wal-Mart come," she said, "they let us know in advance."
She walked the journalists to the exit. The pickers went back to their rooms. The gate rolled shut.

The road to labor camps like San Emilio begins deep in the indigenous regions of central and southern Mexico, where advertising jingles play endlessly on the radio, echoing from storefront speakers.
"Attention. Attention. We are looking for 400 peasants to pick tomatoes."
"You'll earn 100 pesos per day, three free meals per day and overtime."
"Vamonos a trabajar!" — Let's go work!
On a warm January morning this year, dozens of indigenous people looking for work descended from mud-hut villages in the steep mountains of the Huasteca region. Nahuatl men wore holstered machetes. Women cradled children in their arms. Young men shouldered backpacks stuffed with the clothes they would wear for the next few months.
The laborers approached a knot of recruiters gathered outside a gas station in the town of Huejutla de Reyes, about 130 miles north of Mexico City.

Long march for meager pay
Peasants from Mexico's indigenous regions are bused to export farms in the west and northwest to pick and process fruits and vegetables. The Huasteca region is a prime source of agricultural labor.


Among those offering jobs at distant farms was Luis Garcia, 37. Garcia, a stocky Nahuatl Indian with silver-rimmed teeth, had risen from child picker to field boss to labor contractor for Agricola San Emilio. He lived just outside town, in a hilltop house behind tall gates, and was known to locals as "Don Luis."
"We all owe our livelihoods to the farmworkers," he said. "We have to treat them well, or the gringos don't get their tomatoes."
Labor contractors are key players in the agricultural economy, the link between export farms in the north and peasants in Huasteca and other impoverished regions. An estimated 150,000 make the pilgrimage every harvest season.
The contractors, working for agribusinesses, transport laborers to and from the farms. Often, they also oversee the camps and distribute workers' pay.
Many contractors abuse their power, according to indigenous leaders and federal inspectors. They lie about wages and living conditions at the camps. Under pressure from growers, they sometimes refuse to bring laborers home, even at the end of their contracts, if there are still vegetables to be picked.
Earlier this year, 25 farmworkers walked 20 miles across a Baja California desert after a contractor left them on the roadside, short of their destination.
At the gas station in Huejutla de Reyes, villagers listened warily to the recruiters' pitches. One was said to be representing a contractor wanted on human trafficking charges. Another worked for a contractor notorious for wage theft and other abuses.
Garcia had his own brush with controversy several years ago, when dozens of pickers accused him of holding them captive and abusing them at an onion farm in Chihuahua.
"They said I beat people. Lies, all lies," Garcia said, bristling. "I wouldn't be here today talking to you if it was true, would I?"
He depicted himself as a reformer who wanted to establish a trade association to set standards and drive out unscrupulous contractors.

“

                The gringos are the ones that put up the money and make the rules
            
”
— Luis Garcia, labor contractor






Share this quote


But he saw no need to do more for workers. "The more protected they are, the less they work," he said.
As he spoke, recruiters tried to outbid one another for laborers, boosting their offers of spending money for the two-day bus trip to Sinaloa.
Garcia won the day's competition. With his smooth baritone, he persuaded about 40 people to get on his bus.
Garcia read their contract aloud to the workers, including the provision that they wouldn't be paid until the end of their three-month term. He later acknowledged that federal law requires weekly payments but said that there were other issues to consider.
"Paying them every week is a problem because it causes lots of issues with drinking and drugging and violence," Garcia said. "Huasteca people are fighters when they're drunk."
Proud of his success in a cutthroat business, Garcia portrayed himself as the product of a farm labor system in which the real bosses were U.S. companies.
"The gringos are the ones that put up the money and make the rules," he said.


Jenobeba Diaz Matia bathes her 9-month-old son in a basin where fellow residents wash dishes and clothes at their government-run camp in Isla del Bosque, Sinaloa.

The U.S. companies linked to Agricola San Emilio through distributors have plenty of rules, but they serve mainly to protect American consumers, not Mexican field hands.
Strict U.S. laws govern the safety and cleanliness of imported fruits and vegetables. To meet those standards, retailers and distributors send inspectors to Mexico to examine fields, greenhouses and packing plants.
The companies say they are also committed to workers' well-being and cite their ethical sourcing guidelines. Retailers increasingly promote the idea that the food they sell not only is tasty and healthful but was produced without exploiting workers.
But at many big corporations, enforcement of those standards is weak to nonexistent, and often relies on Mexican growers to monitor themselves, The Times found.
In some low-wage countries, U.S. retailers rely on independent auditors to verify that suppliers in apparel, footwear and other industries comply with social responsibility guidelines.
For the most part, that has not happened with Mexican farm labor. American companies have not made oversight a priority because they haven't been pressured to do so. There is little public awareness of harsh conditions at labor camps. Many farms are in areas torn by drug violence, which has discouraged media coverage and visits by human rights groups and academic researchers.
Asked to comment on conditions at Agricola San Emilio, Subway said in a statement: "We will use this opportunity to reinforce our Code of Conduct with our suppliers." The code says suppliers must ensure that workers "are fairly compensated and are not exploited in any way."

Industry talking points
Growers, distributors and importers of Mexican farm produce got "sample talking points" from an industry trade group that learned The Times was preparing this series.

Read the memo »

Safeway said: "We take any and all claims regarding worker conditions seriously and are looking into each of the points you raise."
In its vendor code of conduct, Safeway says that suppliers must offer a "safe and healthy work environment" and that it "will not tolerate any departure from its standards." Vendors are expected to "self-monitor their compliance," the code says.
Wal-Mart sought to distance itself from Agricola San Emilio, saying in a statement: "Our records show that we do not currently take from this facility."
Asked if it had received produce from the farm in the past, Wal-Mart repeated its statement.
Executives at Agricola San Emilio and two firms that have distributed its produce — Triple H of Culiacan and Andrew & Williamson of San Diego — said Wal-Mart received shipments from the Mexican farm this year.
John Farrington, chief operating officer at Andrew & Williamson, said that his company shipped San Emilio tomatoes to the retailer and that inspectors from Wal-Mart had been to the farm.
Mari Cabanillas, an assistant camp supervisor at Agricola San Emilio, said Wal-Mart inspectors visited regularly, recommending cleanups and fresh coats of paint.
"They try and improve conditions here," she said. "They're very strict."
As for Agricola San Emilio's pay practices, Daniel Beltran, the firm's director and legal counsel, said workers from the Huasteca region whose wages were withheld until the end of their three-month contracts had agreed to that arrangement. He said they could opt to be paid weekly, as others were.
A dozen workers, however, said in interviews that they had no choice in how they were paid.
Withholding workers' pay is illegal even if they agree to it, according to Mexico's federal labor law, a senior federal labor official and two labor lawyers.
In regard to living conditions, Beltran said the company stopped providing beds because workers dismantled them for firewood. The laborers are from regions where it's common for people to sleep on the floor, he said.


               Enforcement of Mexican labor laws in Sinaloa is feeble. One state official insisted, incorrectly, that withholding wages until the end of a contract was legal.
            

He took issue with workers' claims that they were underfed. "Some people, even if you give them chicken or beef every day, they'll still want a different menu," he said, adding that workers could supplement company rations by purchasing food from vendors.
SunFed, an Arizona firm that has distributed produce from Agricola San Emilio, said its representatives had inspected the fields and packinghouse at the farm but not the labor camp.
"The Mexican government would be the first line of protection for Mexican workers," said Dan Mandel, president of SunFed, a distributor for supermarkets across the U.S.
Enforcement of Mexican labor laws in Sinaloa is feeble. One state official insisted, incorrectly, that withholding wages until the end of a contract was legal.
Federal labor inspectors are clear on the law but said they were largely powerless to crack down on deep-pocketed growers, who can stymie enforcement with endless appeals.
"They just laugh at us," said Armando Guzman, a senior official with Mexico's federal Secretariat of Labor and Social Welfare. "They mock authority and mock the letter of the law."

Agricola San Emilio is no outlier. Harsh conditions persist in many camps.
At Agricola Rita Rosario, a cucumber exporter near Culiacan in Sinaloa, workers said they hadn't been paid in weeks. Some were pawning their belongings to pay for diapers and food when Times journalists visited a year ago. Laborers said company managers had threatened to dump their possessions in the street if they persisted in demanding their wages.
"We have nowhere to go. We're trapped," said a 43-year-old man, looking around nervously.
Rita Rosario, under new management, started paying workers their back wages this year before suspending operations, according to a U.S. distributor who did business with the farm.
Workers at Agricola Santa Teresa, an export farm nearby, were doing odd jobs outside the camp on Sundays to earn spending money because their wages had been withheld.
The tomato grower supplies U.S. distributors whose customers include the Albertsons supermarket chain and the Los Angeles Unified School District.
Told that workers hadn't been paid, Enrique Lopez, director of Santa Teresa, said it wasn't the company's fault. Santa Teresa pays them by electronic bank deposit every week, he said.
Lopez said he suspected that the laborers handed over their ATM cards to the contractor who recruited them, a practice he said was customary for workers from indigenous regions.
"That is the agreement they have," Lopez said. "We can't control that situation."
An LAUSD spokeswoman, Ellen Morgan, said the district requires suppliers to inspect farms from which they buy produce, primarily to ensure food safety. She said the district was formulating a new procurement policy that would probably address labor conditions too.
Albertsons declined to comment.


Luis Perez, 26, washes clothes after bathing in an irrigation canal outside Campo San Jose. He and fellow residents use the canal because water often runs out in the camp facilities. In March, a snake was sighted in the canal, sparking a panic.

At Agricola El Porvenir, also near Culiacan, workers were required to disinfect their hands before picking cucumbers. Yet they were given just two pieces of toilet paper to use at the outhouses.
At Campo San Jose, where many of them lived, workers said rats and feral cats had the run of the cramped living quarters and feasted on their leftovers.
Laborers and their families bathed in an irrigation canal because the water had run out in the showers. In March, a snake was sighted in the canal, sparking a panic.
Carmen Garcia stepped out of the fetid waterway after washing her 1-year-old grandson. His skin was covered with boils that she blamed on insect bites.
"He itches constantly," Garcia said. "I want to get a blood test, but I can't get to a doctor."
Agricola El Porvenir's legal counsel, Eric Gerardo, said the company rents Campo San Jose from another agribusiness to handle the overflow when its own camps fill up. Efforts to reach the owner of the other business were unsuccessful.
"We don't invest in it because it's not ours," Gerardo said.



                Many families used buckets in their room to relieve themselves because, they said, the toilets were filthy and lacked water. Men defecated in a cornfield.
            






Share this quote


Twenty miles away, at Campo Isabelitas, operated by the agribusiness Nueva Yamal, families used buckets in their room to relieve themselves because, they said, the toilets were filthy and lacked water.
Men defecated in a cornfield. Workers could be seen bathing in an irrigation canal; they said the camp's showers were out of water.
Charles Ciruli, a co-owner of Arizona-based Ciruli Bros., which distributes Nueva Yamal tomatoes, visited the camp after being told about conditions there by The Times.
Through an attorney, he said that the men's bathrooms "did not meet Ciruli's standards" and that repairs had been made to "reinstate running water." The attorney, Stanley G. Feldman, said in a letter that the women's showers and toilets were "fully functioning," with a paid attendant.
Asked why workers were washing in the irrigation canal, Feldman wrote: "Ciruli cannot explain this with certainty, but it was told that it may be a cultural practice among some workers."
He added: "Ciruli will consult with the on-farm social worker and doctor to determine if a worker education campaign may be appropriate in this case."

In June 2013, Bioparques found itself under rare government scrutiny. Three workers at one of the tomato grower's labor camps escaped and complained to authorities about the wretched conditions.
Police, soldiers and labor inspectors raided the camp and found 275 people trapped inside. Dozens were malnourished, including 24 children, authorities said.

 Discuss this story »

People were desperate, but at least the camp had showers and stoves, said laborer Gerardo Gonzalez Hernandez.
"To tell you the truth, Bioparques was a little better than other labor camps I've been to," Gonzalez, 18, said in an interview at his home in the mountains north of Mexico City.
"That's why I didn't complain. I've seen a lot worse."

Contact the reporter
Contact the photographer

Cecilia Sanchez, a researcher in The Times' Mexico City bureau, contributed to this report.

 Discuss this story »
















About this series: Los Angeles Times reporter Richard Marosi and photojournalist Don Bartletti traveled across nine Mexican states, observing conditions and interviewing workers at some of the mega-farms that have powered the country's agricultural export boom.
Read the series:
Part 2: A raid exposes brutal conditions at Bioparques, one of Mexico's biggest tomato exporters, which was a Wal-Mart supplier. But the effort to hold the grower accountable is looking more like a tale of impunity.
Part 3: The company store is supposed to be a lifeline for migrant farm laborers. But inflated prices drive people deep into debt. Many go home penniless, obliged to work off their debts at the next harvest.
Part 4: About 100,000 children under 14 pick crops for pay at small- and mid-size farms across Mexico, where child labor is illegal. Some of the produce they harvest reaches American consumers, helping to power an export boom.


Video: Behind the Series
            Marosi and Bartletti explain what it took to get access to places that have long escaped outside scrutiny.
        
Video Credits: Creative Director: Liz O. Baylen. Editors: Spencer Bakalar, Liz O. Baylen, Bethany Mollenkof. Music: Colin Baylen, Nathan Doiev. Executive Producer: Mary Cooney.
Additional Credits: Digital Producer and Developer: Armand Emamdjomeh. Digital Design Director: Stephanie Ferrell.


































Ponderosa Industrial, S.A de C.V. - United Mexican States


 











      









        World's #1 Company for Original Stock Certificates & Old Stock Research Services Since 1880 -   Rated A+ by Better Business Bureau          Historic Stocks and Bonds                                              Quality Research Service Since 1880                                         Free 

  
Irving Trust Company (Became 
Bank of New York Mellon) - 1930's
with all Orders
Plus


Free
Parrot Silver and Copper Company - Butte, Montana 1899 with all Orders over $200           Old Stock and Bond Research ServiceOld Company Stock and Bond Certificate Research ServiceRare and UniqueRare and Scarce Stocks / BondsDocuments and Unique ItemsSpecimen Stocks, Bonds and DocumentsColonial and Early U.S.Rare, Unique and Scandal Search by Price RangeDefaulted Municipal and State  BondsOld Paper Money / Obsolete Currency / ScripReference BooksAutographsBusiness Leaders' AutographsPolitical and Military AutographsEntertainment AutographsOther Autographs and Interesting PeopleSports AutographsScandals and Notorious AutographsJournalists and Media AutographsAviationAviationBanks and InsuranceInsurance CompaniesBanks, Brokers, Exchanges A - D Banks, Brokers, Exchanges E - JBanks, Brokers, Exchanges K - NBanks, Brokers, Exchanges O - TBanks, Brokers, Exchanges T - Z Banks and Insurance Section Search by Price RangeCars, Railroads, ShipsAutomobiles / Farm /Coaches A-CAutomobiles / Farm /Coaches D- JAutomobiles / Farm /Coaches K- ZRailroads - Company names from  A - ERailroads - Company names from F - JRailroads - Company names from K - ORailroads - Company names from  P - ZPackages, Annual Reports and MoreShips, Cruise Lines, Navigation, Turnpikes, Bridges and CanalsTransportation Section Search by Price RangeCivil War / ConfederateCommunications, Technology, MediaTelephone, Telegraph, BroadbandComputers and Technology Cellular, Satellite and WirelessMedia, Newspapers, Publishing, Cable TVOther Communications A - LOther Communications M - ZCommunications Section Search by Price RangeDiscount PackagesPlanes, Trains and Automobile PackagesMining and Oil PackagesModern Stocks and Scandal PackagesDecade PackagesMiscellaneous PackagesOld Paper Money PackageDot Coms / InternetEntertainment, Hotels, Motion Pictures and SportsHotels, Gambling and RecreationMotion Pictures and Other EntertainmentBroadcasting - Radio and TVSportsMusic and RecordingSports and Entertainment Search by Price RangeFrauds, Bankruptcies and ScandalsGovernment / War BondsUnited States Savings Bonds and Liberty Loan BondsWar Bonds and OtherState Bonds / Municipal BondsFederal and GovernmentGovernment and War Bond Section Search by Price RangeDefaulted Municipal and State  BondsHealth Care, Foods, Retail, TobaccoRetail Stores and Products A - SRetail Stores and Products    S - ZMedical, Health Care, DrugsTobacco and RelatedFood and Beverage A-IFood and Beverage J-PFood and Beverage Q-ZRetail, Medical and Foods Search by Price RangeInternationalAfricaAustralliaChina, Japan, AsiaCanadaEastern EuropeMexico, Latin America and CaribbeanMiddle EastUnited KingdomWestern Europe - European UnionMiningMining Companies beginning with the letters A - BMining Companies beginning with the letters C - DMining Companies beginning with the letters E - IMining Stock Companies beginning with the letters J - MMining Companies beginning with the letters N - RMining Companies beginning with the letters S - ZMining Search by Price RangeOil, Chemicals, UtilitiesPower / Electric  A-JPower / Electric K - ZOil , Gas and Chemicals A-KOil , Gas and Chemicals L-ROil , Gas and Chemicals S-ZOil, Chemical, Water and Power Search by Price RangePaper Money, Checks, Annual Reports, Postcards, Lobby CardsHistoric Stock CalendarCigar and Fruit LabelsPostcards, Tradecards and Movie Lobby CardsChecks, Paper Money, Billheads, LetterheadsPatents from the United States Patent OfficeAnnual ReportsEngravings and PhotographsAll Other IndustriesOther Industries A - BOther Industries C - DOther Industries E - IOther Industries J - MOther Industries N - ROther Industries S - ZAll Other Industries Search by Price RangeFraming ServicesCustom FramingReady - to - Go Framed SelectionsRecently added items to our websiteCertificate Quantities for Educators / Business PromotionsWhat our customers say: Read More...     

 

    Home > International > Mexico, Latin America and Caribbean > Ponderosa Industrial, S.A de C.V. - United Mexican States   






           Ponderosa Industrial, S.A de C.V. - United Mexican States Product #: Ponderosa IndustrialNormal Price: $69.95Our Sales Price: $49.95 (You Save: 29%)Qty:   Tweet      PRODUCT DESCRIPTION     Beautifully engraved SPECIMEN certificate from Ponderosa Industrial, S.A de C.V. This historic document was printed by Thomas de la Rue and has a 
block border. This item has printed signatures of an authorized representative and the Company's Vice President.Ponderosa Industrial SA produces and sells wood pulp, paper, cellulose fibers, plywood, wooden panels and converted paper packaging products. The company's four main operating subsidiaries are Empaques Ponderosa, Celulosa y Papel Ponderosa, Paneles Ponderosa and Plywood Ponderosa. Packaging products accounted for 52% of 1992 revenues; wood pulp, fibers and paper, 23%; wooden panels, 16% and plywood, 9%.
About SpecimensSpecimen Certificates are actual certificates that have never been issued. They were usually kept  by the printers in their permanent archives as their only example of a particular certificate.  Sometimes you will see a hand stamp on the certificate that says "Do not remove from file".Specimens were also used to show prospective clients different types of certificate designs that were available. Specimen certificates are usually much scarcer than issued certificates. In fact, many times they are the only way to get a certificate for a particular company because the issued certificates were redeemed and destroyed. In a few instances, Specimen certificates were made for a company but were never used because a different design was chosen by the company.These certificates are normally stamped "Specimen" or they have small holes spelling the word specimen. Most of the time they don't have a serial number, or they have a serial number of 00000. This is an exciting sector of the hobby that has grown in popularity over the past several years. Product #: Ponderosa IndustrialNormal Price: $69.95Our Sales Price: $49.95 (You Save: 29%)Qty:      

 




Scripophily.com and Old Company Research Press Releases

See Stock Certificate Expert Bob Kerstein, CEO 
Scripophily.com
discuss Stock Certificates in 

Bloomberg  , 
the


Associated Press  
,  

CNBC with 
Jane Wells discussing the Facebook IPO, 
 

Inside Edition and the Today Show  
Subscribe to our New Free RSS New Products Feed in a Reader
Subscribe to Our New Product Additions Feed by Email
  
  



We will always maintain our founding commitment to customer satisfaction and the delivery of an educational product with an enjoyable shopping experience.  Please 
		let us know how we may be of service to you.








Scripophily has 
been 
fully tested by 
Norton Safe Web 











 
 











See Scripophily.com in the News at Scripophilynews.com






  Note: 
All Old Stock and Bond
Certificates are actual authentic certificates and are sold only as collectibles. 
We do not sell reproductions and offer a lifetime guarantee to the 
authenticity of everything we sell. 

All Rights Reserved. © 1996 - 2017
 









Bob Kerstein,
PSTA, President




American Institute of 
      Certified Public Accountants



Virginia Society CPA's
		Bob Kerstein, Member






       




            American Numismatic Association

      Securities and Exchange 
      Commission Historical Society 


      Society of Paper Money Collectors
            Member





Better Business
 Bureau Member Rated A+



 
     Framing ServicesCustom FramingReady - to - Go Framed SelectionsCustom FramingDigital Images - High ResolutionRecently added items to our websiteWebsite Search OptionsSearch by NameSearch by Price RangeSearch by StateItems We Want to BuyAlaska Steamship Company -England 1884 ***SOLD***Oscala and Silver Springs Company - 1892 ***SOLD***Republic of Ireland with Eamon de Valera as President - Ireland 1920 ***SOLD***Postal Savings System Certificate of Deposit - 1911 ****Sold****United States of Mexico - Bono Del Tesoro Del Gobierno Federal De Los Estados Unidos Mexicano - Gold Bond - Mexico 1913  - We want to buy this bondItems we want to Buy - Call 703-787-3552Alaska Steamship Company -England 1884 ***SOLD***Oscala and Silver Springs Company - 1892 ***SOLD***Republic of Ireland with Eamon de Valera as President - Ireland 1920 ***SOLD***Postal Savings System Certificate of Deposit - 1911 ****Sold****United States of Mexico - Bono Del Tesoro Del Gobierno Federal De Los Estados Unidos Mexicano - Gold Bond - Mexico 1913  - We want to buy this bondItems we want to Buy - Call 703-787-3552No Hassle Return PolicyAbout UsCompany Overview - Scripophily.comWhat is Scripophily?Scripophily Collecting Ideas and ThemesCustomer RatingsContact InformationScripophily in the NewsFrequently Asked QuestionsFax, Mail or Telephone OrderingShipping Services and CostsSecure Credit Card ProcessingNo Hassle Return PolicyCollectible vs. Redeemable SecurityProduct Pricing PoliciesCustomer CareCertificate HoldersScripophily Terms / GlossaryScripophily Education Program Privacy PolicyOld Stock and Bond Research ServiceOld Company Stock and Bond Certificate Research Service

        





















 



  



  








OEC

 - United States (USA) Exports, Imports, and Trade Partners































Share
×


Short URL

Embed

Social Media












Download
×



 SVG
          

 PNG
          

 CSV
          









Home


Countries


Products


Visualizations


Rankings



Countries


Products





Publications


About



Data


Economic Complexity


The Site


Permissions


FAQs





API














      United States
    





          
            1.83
          
        

          Econ Complexity
          
          5th of 184




1980
2015





          
            $1.38T
          
        

          Exports
          
          2nd of 221




1980
2015





          
            $2.16T
          
        

          Imports
          
          1st of 221




1980
2015





          
            $56.1k
          
        

          GDP Per Capita
          
          12th of 184




1990
2015





Photo by Aurelien Guichard
    





















Visualizations
Exports
Imports
Trade Balance
Destinations
Origins
Product Space
Complexity and Income Inequality
Economic Complexity Ranking
DataViva
Data USA
Pantheon




The United States is the 2nd largest export economy in the world and the 5th most complex economy according to the Economic Complexity Index (ECI). In 2015, the United States exported $1.38T and imported $2.16T, resulting in a negative trade balance of $777B. In 2015 the GDP of the United States was $18T and its GDP per capita was $56.1k.
The top exports of the United States are Refined Petroleum ($68.1B), Planes, Helicopters, and/or Spacecraft ($65.7B), Cars ($57.3B), Gas Turbines ($38.8B) and Packaged Medicaments ($38.6B), using the 1992 revision of the HS (Harmonized System) classification. Its top imports are Cars ($169B), Crude Petroleum ($120B), Computers ($91B), Vehicle Parts ($66.7B) and Packaged Medicaments ($64.6B).
The top export destinations of the United States are Canada ($219B), Mexico ($188B), China ($128B), Japan ($63.5B) and Germany ($63.3B). The top import origins are China ($457B), Mexico ($291B), Canada ($288B), Japan ($128B) and Germany ($122B).
The United States borders Canada and Mexico by land and the Bahamas by sea.









Exports
In 2015 the United States exported $1.38T, making it the 2nd largest exporter in the world. During the last five years the exports of the United States have increased at an annualized rate of 3.1%, from $1.15T in 2010 to $1.38T in 2015. The most recent exports are led by Refined Petroleum which represent 4.93% of the total exports of the United States, followed by Planes, Helicopters, and/or Spacecraft, which account for 4.75%.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Imports
In 2015 the United States imported $2.16T, making it the  largest importer in the world. During the last five years the imports of the United States have increased at an annualized rate of 3.1%, from $1.8T in 2010 to $2.16T in 2015. The most recent imports are led by Cars which represent 7.83% of the total imports of the United States, followed by Crude Petroleum, which account for 5.56%.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Trade Balance
As of 2015 the United States had a negative trade balance of $777B in net imports. As compared to their trade balance in 1995 when they still had a negative trade balance of $124B in net imports.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Destinations
The top export destinations of the United States are Canada ($219B), Mexico ($188B), China ($128B), Japan ($63.5B) and Germany ($63.3B).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Origins
The top import origins of the United States are China ($457B), Mexico ($291B), Canada ($288B), Japan ($128B) and Germany ($122B).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Economic Complexity of the United States



Product Space
The product space is a network connecting products that are likely to be co-exported and can be used to predict the evolution of a country’s export structure.The economy of the United States has an Economic Complexity Index (ECI) of 1.83 making it the 5th most complex country. the United States exports 447 products with revealed comparative advantage (meaning that its share of global exports is larger than what would be expected from the size of its export economy and from the size of a product’s global market).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Complexity and Income Inequality
In this version of the product space products are colored according to their Product Gini Index, or PGI. The PGI of a product is the level of income inequality that we expect for the countries that export a product. For more information see: Linking Economic Complexity, Institutions and Income Inequality and The structural constraints of income inequality in Latin America.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Economic Complexity Ranking
The Economic Complexity ranking of the United States has increased by 2 places over the past 51 years from 7th in 1964 to 5th in 2015.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























More on the United States from our other sites







Brazilian Municipalities that import from the United States
This treemap shows the municipalities in Brazil that imported products from the United States.
DataViva is a visualization tool that provides official data on trade, industries, and education throughout Brazil. If you would like more info or to create a similar site get in touch with us at oec@media.mit.edu.
Explore on DataViva 








Brazilian Municipalities that export to the United States
This treemap shows the municipalities in Brazil that exported products to the United States.
Explore on DataViva 












Income by Location
This map shows the states in the United States colored by median income.
Data USA is the most comprehensive visualization of U.S. public data. If you would like more info or to create a similar site get in touch with us at oec@media.mit.edu.
Explore on Data USA 








Income by Location
This bar chart shows the wage distribution in the United States.
Explore on Data USA 












Globally Famous People of the United States
This treemap shows the cultural exports of the United States, as proxied by the production of globally famous historical characters
Explore on Pantheon 








Globally Famous People of the United States by City
This treemap shows the cultural exports of the United States by city, as proxied by the production of globally famous historical characters.
Explore on Pantheon 












      United States Minor Outlying Islands
    






      Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
    











[ esc ]





No Filter
Countries
Products
Visualizations



















Mexico | United States Trade Representative
















Skip to main content






















Resource Center


Western Hemisphere
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Uruguay
Venezuela
 
Related Countries & Regions


 Malaysia  

 Brunei Darussalam  

 Chile  

 New Zealand  

 Vietnam  

 Canada  

 Western Hemisphere  

Related Agreements


 Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)  





You are hereHome / Countries & Regions / Western HemisphereMexico 


 
U.S.-Mexico Trade Facts
U.S. goods and services trade with Mexico totaled an estimated $579.7 billion in 2016. Exports were $262.0 billion; imports were $317.6 billion. The U.S. goods and services trade deficit with Mexico was $55.6 billion in 2016.
Mexico is currently our 3rd largest goods trading partner with $525.1 billion in total (two way) goods trade during 2016. Goods exports totaled $231.0 billion; goods imports totaled $294.2 billion. The U.S. goods trade deficit with Mexico was $63.2 billion in 2016.
Trade in services with Mexico (exports and imports) totaled an estimated $54.5 billion in 2016. Services exports were $31.1 billion; services imports were $23.5 billion. The U.S. services trade surplus with Mexico was $7.6 billion in 2016.
According to the Department of Commerce, U.S. exports of Goods and Services to Mexico supported an estimated 1.2 million jobs in 2015 (latest data available) (968 thousand supported by goods exports and 201 thousand supported by services exports).
Exports
Mexico was the United States' 2nd largest goods export market in 2016. 
U.S. goods exports to Mexico in 2016 were $231.0 billion, down 2.0% ($4.8 billion) from 2015 but up 72.7% from 2006. U.S. exports to Mexico are up 455% from 1993 (pre-NAFTA). U.S. exports to Mexico account for 15.9% of overall U.S. exports in 2015. 
The top export categories (2-digit HS) in 2016 were: machinery ($42 billion), electrical machinery ($41 billion), vehicles ($21 billion), mineral fuels ($20 billion), and plastics ($16 billion). 
U.S. total exports of agricultural products to Mexico totaled $18 billion in 2016, our 3rd largest agricultural export market. Leading domestic export categories include: corn ($2.6 billion), soybeans ($1.5 billion), pork & pork products ($1.4 billion), dairy products ($1.2 billion), and beef & beef products ($975 million). 
U.S. exports of services to Mexico were an estimated $31.1 billion in 2016, 1.4% ($441 million) less than 2015, but 30.5% greater than 2006 levels. It was up roughly 199% from 1993 (pre-NAFTA). Leading services exports from the U.S. to Mexico, in 2015, were in the travel, transport, and intellectual property (computer software, industrial processes) sectors.
Imports
Mexico was the United States' 2nd largest supplier of goods imports in 2016. 
U.S. goods imports from Mexico totaled $294.2 billion in 2016, down 0.8% ($2.3 billion) from 2015, but up 48.4% from 2006. U.S. imports from Mexico are up 637% from 1993 (pre-NAFTA). U.S. imports from Mexico account for 13.4% of overall U.S. imports in 2015. 
The top import categories (2-digit HS) in 2016 were: vehicles ($75 billion), electrical machinery ($62 billion), machinery ($51 billion), optical and medical instruments ($13 billion), and furniture and bedding ($11 billion). 
U.S. total imports of agricultural products from Mexico totaled $23 billion in 2016, our 1st largest supplier of agricultural imports. Leading categories include: fresh vegetables ($5.6 billion), other fresh fruit ($4.9 billion), wine and beer ($3.1 billion), snack foods ($2.0 billion), and processed fruit & vegetables ($1.5 billion). 
U.S. imports of services from Mexico were an estimated $23.5 billion in 2016, 7.0% ($1.5 billion) more than 2015, and 57.9% greater than 2006 levels. It was up roughly 216% from 1993 (pre-NAFTA). Leading services imports from Mexico to the U.S., in 2015, were in the travel, transport, and technical and other services sectors.
Trade Balance
The U.S. goods trade deficit with Mexico was $63.2 billion in 2016, a 4.2% increase ($2.5 billion) over 2015. 
The United States has a services trade surplus of an estimated $7.6 billion with Mexico in 2016, down 20.7% from 2015.
Investment
U.S. foreign direct investment (FDI) in Mexico (stock) was $92.8 billion in 2015 (latest data available), a 3.5% increase from 2014. U.S. direct investment in Mexico is led by manufacturing, nonbank holding companies, and mining. 
Mexico's FDI in the United States (stock) was $16.6 billion in 2015 (latest data available), up 0.2% from 2014. Mexico's direct investment in the U.S. is led by manufacturing, wholesale trade, and depository institutions. 
Sales of services in Mexico by majority U.S.-owned affiliates were $45.9 billion in 2014 (latest data available), while sales of services in the United States by majority Mexico-owned firms were $8.5 billion.






















USTR News


Press Releases
Fact Sheets
Speeches and Remarks
Reports




Initiatives


AGOA
EGA
Enforcement
TISA
TPA




About USTR


History
Organization
Policy Offices
Biographies of Key Officials
Advisory Committees
Human Resources
Internship
Archives




LEGAL


USTR.gov/open
Privacy & Legal
Notices
FOIA & Privacy Act






















Mexico’s Top 10 Exports








































World's Top ExportsLatest statistics and research 



COUNTRIES

Top exporters
Growth exporters
Africa
Asia
Caribbean
Central America
Europe
North America
Middle East
Oceania
South America


PRODUCTS

Top products
Growth products
Clothing
Drinks
Electronics
Energy
Food

Fresh
Processed


Materials
Metals
Personal care
Precious metals
Vehicles
Wood


TRADE PARTNERS

Top partners
Growth partners
Africa
Asia
Central America
Europe
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America


IMPORT NEWS

Trade Balances


COMPANIES

Top services
Growth services
Communication
Computer
Financial
Other business
Royalties/licenses
Transportation
Travel


IN THE SPOTLIGHT
Mexico’s Top 10 Exports
June 8, 2017 by Daniel Workman by Flagpictures.orgMexico shipped US$373.9 billion worth of goods around the globe in 2016, up by 62.8% since 2009 when the Great Recession kicked in but down by -1.8% from 2015 to 2016.
Mexico’s top 10 exports accounted for four-fifths (79.9%) of the overall value of its global shipments.
Based on statistics from the International Monetary Fund’s World Economic Outlook Database, Mexico’s total Gross Domestic Product amounted to $2.307 trillion during 2016. Therefore, exports accounted for about 16.2% of total Mexican economic output compared to 17.2% for 2015.
From a continental perspective, 83.8% of Mexican exports by value were delivered to the United States and Canada–fellow members of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). In contrast, the value of Mexican shipments to European importers was 5.4%. Latin America and the Caribbean accounted for 5.2% of total Mexican exports compared to 5% for purchasers in Asia.
Given Mexico’s population of 123.2 million people, its total $373.9 billion in 2016 exports translates to roughly $3,000 per resident.
Mexico’s unemployment rate was 3.6% as of January 2016 down from 4.24% one year earlier, according to Trading Economics.
Mexico’s Top 10 Exports

Top 10

The following export product groups represent the highest dollar value in Mexican global shipments during 2016. Also shown is the percentage share each export category represents in terms of overall exports from Mexico.

Vehicles: US$88.1 billion (23.6% of total exports)
Electrical machinery, equipment: $76.4 billion (20.4%)
Machinery including computers: $61.7 billion (16.5%)
Mineral fuels including oil: $18 billion (4.8%)
Optical, technical, medical apparatus: $16.2 billion (4.3%)
Furniture, bedding, lighting , signs, prefab buildings: $10.4 billion (2.8%)
Plastics, plastic articles: $8.4 billion (2.2%)
Gems, precious metals: $7.5 billion (2%)
Vegetables: $6.7 billion (1.8%)
Fruits, nuts: $5.5 billion (1.5%)

Vehicles was the fastest-growing among the top 10 export categories, up 160.9% in value over the 7-year period starting in 2009. The category was boosted by improved sales of Mexican-made cars, trucks and automobile parts and accessories.
In second place for improving export sales was furniture, bedding, lighting, signs and prefab buildings which rose 152.6% led by seats, other furniture and lighting products.
Exported fruits and nuts posted Mexico’s third-fastest gain in value up 151%. Notable gainers were avocados, lemons, watermelons, walnuts and strawberries.
Posting the only decliner among the top categories was mineral fuels including oil, down -40.9% from 2009 to 2016. Exported crude oil has the biggest setback followed by refined petroleum.
Advantages

The following types of Mexican product shipments represent positive net exports or a trade balance surplus. Investopedia defines net exports as the value of a country’s total exports minus the value of its total imports.
In a nutshell, net exports is the amount by which foreign spending on a home country’s goods or services exceeds or lags the home country’s spending on foreign goods or services.

Vehicles: US$50.8 billion (Up by 233.1% since 2009)
Furniture, bedding, lighting , signs, prefab buildings: $6.6 billion (Up by 179.0%)
Gems, precious metals: $6.4 billion (Up by 22.5%)
Vegetables: $6.3 billion (Up by 91.4%)
Fruits, nuts: $4.6 billion (Up by 189.4%)
Beverages, spirits, vinegar: $3.4 billion (Up by 64.4%)
Ores, slag, ash: $3.2 billion (Up by 487.1%)
Railways, streetcars: $1.9 billion (Up by 471.9%)
Optical, technical, medical apparatus: $1.8 billion (Down by -3531.1%)
Cereal/milk preparations: $1.1 billion (Up by 125.2%)

Mexico has highly positive net exports in the international trade of automotive products. In turn, these cashflows indicate Mexico’s strong competitive advantages under the vehicles product category.
Opportunities

Below are exports from Mexico that result in negative net exports or product trade balance deficits. These negative net exports reveal product categories where foreign spending on home country Mexico’s goods trail Mexican importer spending on foreign products. Overall, Mexico posted a -$13.2 billion trade deficit. This represents a significant increase from a -$4.7 billion product trade deficit for 2009.

Plastics, plastic articles: -US$13.8 billion (Up by 70.6% since 2009)
Electrical machinery, equipment: -$7.8 billion (Down by -259.6%)
Mineral fuels including oil: -$7.1 billion (Down by -147.9%)
Iron, steel: -$6.6 billion (Up by 120.2%)
Organic chemicals: -$5.6 billion (Up by 14.5%)
Machinery including computers: -$5.4 billion (Down by -27.1%)
Paper, paper items: -$3.9 billion (Up by 43.2%)
Rubber, rubber articles: -$3.6 billion (Up by 83.5%)
Other chemical goods: -$3.4 billion (Up by 61.8%)
Articles of iron or steel: -$3.4 billion (Up by 76.5%)

Mexico has highly negative net exports and therefore deep international trade deficits for plastics and related products made with plastics.
These cashflow deficiencies clearly indicate Mexico’s competitive disadvantages in the international plastics market, but also represent key opportunities for Mexico to improve its position in the global economy through focused innovations.
Companies

Mexican Export Companies
According to Forbes 2015 Global 2000 rankings, the following companies are examples of leading Mexican companies:

FEMSA (alcoholic beverages)
Grupo Mexico (metals, mining)
Grupo Modelo (brewery)
Cemex (construction materials)
ALFA (petrochemicals, auto parts, food)
Grupo Bimbo (bakery products)
Arca Continental (soft drinks, bottling)
Industrias Peñoles (silver, gold, zinc, lead)

According to global trade intelligence firm Zepol, the following smaller companies are also examples of leading Mexican exporters:

Tubos De Acero De Mexico (casing, tubing, pipes, iron/steel bridges)
Manufacturera Lee De Mexico (clothing, accessories)
Autotek Mexico (vehicles, automotive parts)
Sitwell S A DE (chairs, seats)





 
Mexico’s capital city is Mexico City.
Please note that the results listed above are at the 2-digit Harmonized Tariff System code level.

See also Mexico’s Top Trading Partners, Highest Value Mexican Export Products and Top Mexican Trade Balances

Research Sources:
International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook Database (GDP based on Purchasing Power Parity). Accessed on March 16, 2017
The World Factbook, Country Profiles, Central Intelligence Agency. Accessed on March 16, 2017
Trade Map, International Trade Centre. Accessed on March 16, 2017
Investopedia, Net Exports Definition. Accessed on March 16, 2017
Wikipedia, List of Companies of Mexico. Accessed on March 16, 2017
Forbes 2015 Global 2000 rankings, The World’s Biggest Public Companies. Accessed on March 16, 2017
Zepol’s company summary highlights by country. Accessed on March 16, 2017








Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Filed Under: North America, Top products Search Our Articles:













 





 




 
Our book on Amazon:


Real-Life Export Crime:
An Iranian-Canadian dual citizen with a crushing $673,000 in subprime mortgage debt is caught trying to ship American-made devices that could give Iran weapons of mass destruction.

Terms and Conditions
Respecting Your Privacy

Copyright Notice
How to Link to Our Research

Return to top of pageCopyright © 2017 · Magazine Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in



Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 

Email check failed, please try again 

Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 

























 



Mr-106 The United Mexican States Mosquito Killer Band - Buy Mexican,The United Mexican States,Brow Bands For Horses Product on Alibaba.com




























































































                    MENU
                




                            MENU
                        







Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            








                        One Request, Multiple Quotes




                        Get the App





















Advanced Search




















































Supplier:




Yiwu Miaosi General Merchandise Co., Ltd.




















































                                                                        Home
                                                                        


>




                                        All Industries
                                                                            


>




                                        Home & Garden
                                                                            


>




                                        Household Sundries
                                                                            


>




                                        Pest Control
                                                                                    (221576)


































View larger image
        
















Add to Compare








Share
                                    












MR-106 The united Mexican States mosquito Killer band





FOB Reference Price：Get Latest Price


US $0.1-0.38  / Piece                                                                                                                                                | 1000 Piece/Pieces (Min. Order)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




                                Supply Ability:
                            

                                5,000,000 Piece/Pieces per   Month                            



                                Port:
                            

                                NINGBO OR SHANGHAI                            






 Contact Supplier 




Loading...






















                                                                Product Details
                                                            
















                                    Report Suspicious Activity
                                









Overview



Quick Details



Pest Type:


Mosquitoes




Pest Control Type:


Traps




Feature:


Eco-Friendly, Stocked




Place of Origin:


Zhejiang, China (Mainland)




Brand Name:


MIAOSI OR OEM




Model Number:


MR-106




function:


mosquito repelient




style:


bracelet




color:


various




material:


non-woven band+100%natural Citonella Oil




Reusable:


yes




mosquito repellent plants:


mosquito repellent plants





Packaging & Delivery


Packaging Details:
1pc in a polybag, 500pcs/export carton


Delivery Detail:
within 2-15 days








Specifications
The united Mexican States mosquito Killer band
1.Material:Import flannel by korea
2.Effective 3 months/MOQ500


MR-105  The united Mexican States mosquito Killer band  Specification:BUGSAWAY mosquito repellent braceletProduct specifications:Ingredients: Citronella oil 30%, superfine fiber textile fabrics70%, lavender extractsWeight: 7 grams / perMaterial:Import flannel by koreaColor: deliver by randomLength: 24cmWidth: 2cmPacking:Aluminum foil  sage of time:accumulated 240 hours repellent effect, but not 10 days.If you spent 10 hours today, two weeks after, there are 230 hours left.each time after use, please put back into the original bag, can be saved from closure.The figure below shows the time effect on of the first 240 hours, was still as high as 42%."Available at"1. Any place where mosquitoes exist2. Can be used in home, mountain climbing, camping, hiking, fishing, playing ball, walking and other outdoor activities3. If the mosquitoes is more, it is recommended to wear a few more.   if you want cheaper we also have,you can ask us for the cheaper one ,which is in different material but much cheaper!MateriaCitronella oil 30%, superfine fiber textile fabrics70%, lavender extractsperfume 100% natural citronella oilUSEMR-105  Republica de Honduras mosquito repellent braceletCertificationSGS, passed the EN71,Non-toxic.Excellent protection on nature,eco-friendly Color Any color is available, we can make it according to pms noSize2.5*1.8cm and any other size as your request.1ogoembossed ,debossed, printing1-4c logo, color in , OEM welcomeMOQ500pcssample time3-7dayspacking500pcs /ctn/35*25*20cmabout 5kg                                                                                      or as client's requestment                    















You May Like




Not exactly what you want? 1 request, multiple quotations Get Quotations Now >>




You May Like




Related Searches:


domestic thermometers
rainproof
other household groceries


lighters accessory
fireplace equipment
home scales


cuff technique
apron
mail box








China  :


China mosquito indoor
China mosquito killer coil
China packing mosquito


China mosquito killer fan
China control killers
China solar mosquito killer


China travel mosquito
China mosquito killer lamps
China mosquito control














You May Like








7
YRS


Yiwu Miaosi General Merchandise Co., Ltd.




China (Mainland)
|
Trading Company


Supplier Assessments:









Response Time



 24h-48h





Response Rate



 10%









Visit Minisite


Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $27,000Learn More




























 































Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.






















Client Validation



This site requires JavaScript and Cookies to be enabled. Please change your browser settings or upgrade your browser.













Mexico 2017: Best of Mexico Tourism - TripAdvisor







































































































Mexico




Mexico Tourism




Mexico Hotels




Mexico Bed and Breakfast




Mexico Vacation Rentals




Mexico Vacation Packages




Mexico Restaurants




Things to Do in Mexico




Mexico Travel Forum




Mexico Photos




Mexico Travel Guide







All Mexico Hotels 

Mexico Hotel Deals 

Last Minute Hotels in Mexico



Popular Mexico Categories



Mexico Cheap Resorts


All Inclusive Resorts in Mexico


Family Resorts in Mexico


Beach Resorts in Mexico


Luxury Resorts in Mexico


Honeymoon Resorts in Mexico


Mexico Golf Resorts


All Inclusive Hotels in Mexico


Spa Resorts in Mexico


Fishing Resorts in Mexico





 



Mexico  RECENTLY VIEWED No results found JOINinSearch About MexicoHotelsVacation RentalsRestaurantsThings to doFlightsTravel ForumAirlinesTravel GuidesBest of 2017Road TripsHelp CenterLog in Join My Trips Bookings Rental Inbox Browse




Mexico Tourism: Best of Mexico

































5,539,426 reviews and opinions 
Mexico








(le_charly, Jul 2008)



Travelers' top-rated places in Mexico


Top 25 Destinations — the World

Playa del Carmen



Top 25 Beaches — the World

Playa Norte













Overview 

Popular Destinations 

Location 

More 



   







Want to save up to 30% on your Mexico hotel?


We check up to 200 sites for the latest and lowest prices.




Shop Hotels 





































See all 334 traveler photos 









Popular Destinations in Mexico 











#1 Playa del Carmen









#2 Cabo San Lucas









#3 Puerto Vallarta









#4 Tulum









#5 Cozumel









#6 Cancun







See more popular destinations in Mexico 























Also show 







Hotels



 







Vacation Rentals



 







Restaurants



 







Things to Do



 









Also show 









 








MapSatellite 

Map updates are paused. Zoom in to see updated info. Reset zoom 





Updating Map... 





Sponsored by: 


























 

 







  Check In   Check Out 


There are no pins in your viewport. Try moving the map or changing your filters.

Only show hotels with confirmed availability 







 {providername}
{price}


 {providername}
{price}





{listitems}


{sold_out_text}

We can't find prices for this accommodation 


From {rate_price} {rate_periodicity} 


Return to Map 



Sponsored by: 






Explore any destination in Mexico


 





















Are You a Mexico Tourism Organization?

Add Photo |
Promote Mexico 












Interested in Mexico? 
Get updates with the latest deals and traveler reviews every week. 



 Sign up 

 You successfully subscribed. Keep a look out for your Mexico TripWatch. 












 




Know better. Book better. Go better.  © 2017 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Site Map* TripAdvisor LLC is not a booking agent and does not charge any service fees to users of our site... (more) TripAdvisor LLC is not responsible for content on external web sites. Taxes, fees not included for deals content. EXPLOREAbout UsHelp CenterCURRENCY/COUNTRY$USDUnited States





















 
















Planning a Trip? Do it smarter.


Enable TripAdvisor For Chrome


























































The World Factbook — Central Intelligence Agency






















Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display






×




HomeLibraryPublicationsThe World Factbook
 


Contact CIA


The Office of Public Affairs (OPA) is the single point of contact for all inquiries about the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).
We read every letter, fax, or e-mail we receive, and we will convey your comments to CIA officials outside OPA as appropriate. However, with limited staff and resources, we simply cannot respond to all who write to us.
Contact Information
Submit questions or comments online
By postal mail: Central Intelligence Agency Office of Public Affairs Washington, D.C. 20505
By phone:(703) 482-0623Open during normal business hours.
By fax:(571) 204-3800(please include a phone number where we may call you)
Contact the Office of Inspector General
Contact the Employment Verification Office
 
Before contacting us:
Please check our site map, search feature, or our site navigation on the left to locate the information you seek. We do not routinely respond to questions for which answers are found within this Web site.
Employment: We do not routinely answer questions about employment beyond the information on this Web site, and we do not routinely answer inquiries about the status of job applications. Recruiting will contact applicants within 45 days if their qualifications meet our needs. Because of safety concerns for the prospective applicant, as well as security and communication issues, the CIA Recruitment Center does not accept resumes, nor can we return phone calls, e-mails or other forms of communication, from US citizens living outside of the US. When you return permanently to the US (not on vacation or leave), please visit the CIA Careers page and apply online for the position of interest.To verify an employee's employment, please contact the Employment Verification Office.
Solicitations to transfer large sums of money to your bank account: If you receive a solicitation to transfer a large amount of money from an African nation to your bank account in exchange for a payment of millions of dollars, go to the US Secret Service Web site for information about the Nigerian Advance Fee Fraud or "4-1-9" Fraud scheme.
If you have information which you believe might be of interest to the CIA in pursuit of the CIA's foreign intelligence mission, you may use our e-mail form. We will carefully protect all information you provide, including your identity. The CIA, as a foreign intelligence agency, does not engage in US domestic law enforcement.
If you have information relating to Iraq which you believe might be of interest to the US Government, please contact us through the Iraqi Rewards Program — 


















×

Library



HomeLibraryPublicationsResourcesThe World Factbook









Contact Us Form








Message:*



Email:*


Name: 


Phone Number:

Mobile/Cell:




* = required






















×
Library



HomeLibraryPublicationsResourcesThe World Factbook
 



Report Threats


The United States and its partners continue to face a 
growing number of global threats and challenges. The CIA’s mission 
includes collecting and analyzing information about high priority 
national security issues such as international terrorism, the 
proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, cyber attacks, 
international organized crime and narcotics trafficking, regional 
conflicts, counterintelligence threats, and the effects of environmental
 and natural disasters.
These challenges are international in scope and are priorities for 
the Central Intelligence Agency. If you have information about these or 
other national security challenges, please provide it through our secure
 online form.  The information you provide will be protected and 
confidential. The CIA is particularly interested in information about 
imminent or planned terrorist attacks.  In cases where an imminent 
threat exists, immediately contact your local law enforcement agencies 
and provide them with the threat information.
To contact the Central Intelligence Agency click here.















skip to content


Central Intelligence Agency
The Work Of A Nation. The Center of Intelligence.



Report Threats
رعربيعربي
Contact




Search CIA.gov
Search



عربي
中文
English
Français
Русский
Español
More Languages







Library






HomeLibraryPublicationsResourcesThe World Factbook
 













Please select a country to view World  Afghanistan  Akrotiri  Albania  Algeria  American Samoa  Andorra  Angola  Anguilla  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Arctic Ocean  Argentina  Armenia  Aruba  Ashmore and Cartier Islands  Atlantic Ocean  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas, The  Bahrain  Baker Island  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belarus  Belgium  Belize  Benin  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Bouvet Island  Brazil  British Indian Ocean Territory  British Virgin Islands  Brunei  Bulgaria  Burkina Faso  Burma  Burundi  Cabo Verde  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Cayman Islands  Central African Republic  Chad  Chile  China  Christmas Island  Clipperton Island  Cocos (Keeling) Islands  Colombia  Comoros  Congo, Democratic Republic of the  Congo, Republic of the  Cook Islands  Coral Sea Islands  Costa Rica  Cote d'Ivoire  Croatia  Cuba  Curacao  Cyprus  Czechia  Denmark  Dhekelia  Djibouti  Dominica  Dominican Republic  Ecuador  Egypt  El Salvador  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Estonia  Ethiopia  Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)  Faroe Islands  Fiji  Finland  France  French Polynesia  French Southern and Antarctic Lands  Gabon  Gambia, The  Gaza Strip  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Gibraltar  Greece  Greenland  Grenada  Guam  Guatemala  Guernsey  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Guyana  Haiti  Heard Island and McDonald Islands  Holy See (Vatican City)  Honduras  Hong Kong  Howland Island  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indian Ocean  Indonesia  Iran  Iraq  Ireland  Isle of Man  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Jan Mayen  Japan  Jarvis Island  Jersey  Johnston Atoll  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Kingman Reef  Kiribati  Korea, North  Korea, South  Kosovo  Kuwait  Kyrgyzstan  Laos  Latvia  Lebanon  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macau  Macedonia  Madagascar  Malawi  Malaysia  Maldives  Mali  Malta  Marshall Islands  Mauritania  Mauritius  Mexico  Micronesia, Federated States of  Midway Islands  Moldova  Monaco  Mongolia  Montenegro  Montserrat  Morocco  Mozambique  Namibia  Nauru  Navassa Island  Nepal  Netherlands  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Nicaragua  Niger  Nigeria  Niue  Norfolk Island  Northern Mariana Islands  Norway  Oman  Pacific Ocean  Pakistan  Palau  Palmyra Atoll  Panama  Papua New Guinea  Paracel Islands  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Pitcairn Islands  Poland  Portugal  Puerto Rico  Qatar  Romania  Russia  Rwanda  Saint Barthelemy  Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Martin  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines  Samoa  San Marino  Sao Tome and Principe  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Singapore  Sint Maarten  Slovakia  Slovenia  Solomon Islands  Somalia  South Africa  Southern Ocean  South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands  South Sudan  Spain  Spratly Islands  Sri Lanka  Sudan  Suriname  Svalbard  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Syria  Taiwan  Tajikistan  Tanzania  Thailand  Timor-Leste  Togo  Tokelau  Tonga  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Turkmenistan  Turks and Caicos Islands  Tuvalu  Uganda  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States  United States Pacific Island Wildlife Refuges  Uruguay  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Venezuela  Vietnam  Virgin Islands  Wake Island  Wallis and Futuna  West Bank  Western Sahara  Yemen  Zambia  Zimbabwe  European Union 
 



ABOUT
History
Copyright and Contributors
Purchasing
Did You Know?

REFERENCES
Regional and World Maps
Flags of the World
Gallery of Covers
Definitions and Notes
Guide to Country Profiles
Guide to Country Comparisons
The World Factbook Users Guide

APPENDICES
A: abbreviations
B: international organizations and groups
C: selected international environmental agreements
D: cross-reference list of country data codes
E: cross-reference list of hydrographic data codes
F: cross-reference list of geographic names
G: weights and measures

FAQs
  CONTACT  
 





 



North America  :: MEXICO



Page last updated on July 19, 2017





The World Factbook
×


North America   ::MEXICO







Flag Description 

three equal vertical bands of green (hoist side), white, and red; Mexico's coat of arms (an eagle with a snake in its beak perched on a cactus) is centered in the white band; green signifies hope, joy, and love; white represents peace and honesty; red stands for hardiness, bravery, strength, and valor; the coat of arms is derived from a legend that the wandering Aztec people were to settle at a location where they would see an eagle on a cactus eating a snake; the city they founded, Tenochtitlan, is now Mexico City note: similar to the flag of Italy, which is shorter, uses lighter shades of red and green, and does not display anything in its white band













The World Factbook
×


North America   ::MEXICO















View 24 photos of MEXICO






The World Factbook
×


North America   ::MEXICO









1
/
24


Caption 
Satellite radar topography image of a portion of Central America. Due to persistent cloud cover, obtaining conventional high-altitude photos of this region is extrordinarily difficult. Radar's ability to penetrate clouds and make 3-D measurements allowed scientists to generate the first complete high-resolution topographic map of the entire region. All of Guatemala, Belize, El Salvador, and Honduras are visible on this image, as well as a considerable portion of southern Mexico (the Yucatan Peninsula). Image courtesy of NASA/JPL/NGA.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1024X76884.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





2
/
24


Caption 
Named after the ancient Maya Province of Kimpech, the state of Campeche comprises much of the western half of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Rivers in southern Campeche drain into the immense Terminos Lagoon, the entrance to which is protected by a long barrier island, Isla Del Carmen (upper right). In this false-color satellite image the green jungle canopy shows up as bright red. Image courtesy of USGS.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1392X1500292.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





3
/
24


Caption 
Snow-capped Colima Volcano, the most active volcano in Mexico, rises abruptly from the surrounding landscape in the state of Jalisco in the center of this false-color satellite image. Part of the trans-Mexican volcanic belt, Colima is actually a melding of two volcanoes, the older Nevado de Colima to the north and the younger, historically active Volcan de Colima to the south. Approximately 300,000 people live within 40 km (25 mi) of the volcano earning it designation as a Decade Volcano by the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior. Legend has it that gods sit atop the volcano on thrones of fire and ice. For other active volcanoes in Mexico, see the Natural hazards-volcanism subfield in the Geography section. Image courtesy of USGS.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1392X1500699.7 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





4
/
24


Caption 
The pockmarked terrain of Pinacate National Park in Sonora province, shown in this enhanced satellite image, provides evidence of a violent geologic past. Among hundreds of volcanic vents and cinder cones are rare maar craters, formed when rising magma met underground water to create pockets of steam that blew nearly circular holes in the overlying crust. American astronauts used this area in 1965-70 to train for lunar excursions; surrounding the region are the vast sand dune fields of Gran Desierto de Altar. Image courtesy of USGS.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1392X1500460.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





5
/
24


Caption 
This high-resolution satellite image shows part of the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range, on the border between the Coahuila and Nuevo Leon provinces of eastern Mexico. This range is part of the Sierra Madre Mountains that divide Mexico, and which also include the Sierra Madre Occidental on the West coast and the Sierra Madre del Sur in southern Mexico. In the area shown, ancient sedimentary rocks were folded as a result of a tectonic collision that some geologists consider related to the Appalachian folding of eastern North America. This mountain range is drier than the rainforest areas to the south. Image courtesy of USGS.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1392X1500458.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





6
/
24


Caption 
The snow and ice-clad peak of Pico de Orizaba (also known as Citlaltepetl) boasts a summit elevation of 5,675 m (18,619 ft) above sea level, making it the highest peak in Mexico and North America's highest volcano. It is also one of three volcanic peaks in Mexico - together with Popocatepetl and Iztaccihuatl - that retain summit glaciers. Pico de Orizaba is part of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt that extends roughly east-west across Mexico. The last recorded eruption took place in 1846; while the volcano is considered dormant at present, geologists continue to investigate the potential hazards associated with a renewal of activity. Shadows accentuate several features of the Pico de Orizaba stratovolcano visible in this photograph from the International Space Station. The 300-meter-deep summit crater is clearly visible against surrounding ice and snow cover at center. Several lava flows extend down the flanks of the volcano, made readily visible by prominent cooling ridges along their sides known as flow levees. One of the most clearly visible examples is located on the southwest flank of the cone. The extinct Sierra Negra volcano to the southwest has a summit elevation of 4,640 m (15,223 ft) above sea level; while not as lofty as Pico de Orizaba, it is also one of Mexico?s highest peaks. Image courtesy of NASA.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


640X43750.0 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





7
/
24


Caption 
The Catedral Metropolitana de la Asuncion de Maria (Metropolitan Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary) on the Zocalo (main square) in Mexico City.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


448X33630.4 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





8
/
24


Caption 
One of the smaller step pyramids at the massive archaeological site of Teotihuacan (approximately 40 km or 25 mi northeast of Mexico City).



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


448X33636.0 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





9
/
24


Caption 
A large pier at Puerto Costa Maya on the Caribbean Sea in the state of Quintana Roo. The port was built to accommodate cruise ships in order to develop tourism in this area of Mexico. 



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125202.0 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





10
/
24


Caption 
Beach resort at Costa Maya in the state of Quintana Roo.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125391.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





11
/
24


Caption 
A Chacchoben Maya temple pyramid dating to about AD 700; it was originally painted red and yellow. To date, three pyramids at the site have been excavated and restored.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1125X1500469.5 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





12
/
24


Caption 
A temple pyramid at Chacchoben, a Maya site dating back some 1,300 years. Clearing of the site began with its discovery in 1972; it is about a one hour ride from Costa Maya.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125279.7 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





13
/
24


Caption 
A temple pyramid at Chacchoben, a Maya site dating back about 1,300 years. Clearing of the site began with its discovery in 1972; it is about a one hour ride from Costa Maya.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125228.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





14
/
24


Caption 
Excavated Maya walls at Chacchoben. 



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125473.4 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





15
/
24


Caption 
Traces of red paint still visible on Maya carving at Chacchoben.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125459.7 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





16
/
24


Caption 
Sailing ship at Puerta Maya, Cozumel Island. Cozumel lies off the coast of the Yucatan Peninsula not far across a channel from the city of Cancun. It is Mexico's largest island and is about 50 km (30 mi) long and 15 km (9 mi) wide.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125226.3 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





17
/
24


Caption 
Waterfront view at Puerta Maya, Cozumel Island.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1096229.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





18
/
24


Caption 
Waterfront view at Puerta Maya, Cozumel Island.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1110267.1 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





19
/
24


Caption 
Giant flag of Mexico flies over the waterfront at Puerta Maya, Cozumel Island.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1114238.8 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





20
/
24


Caption 
Shoreline along the northern coast of Cozumel Island.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125263.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





21
/
24


Caption 
Performance of a traditional ceremony from central Mexico at Discover Mexico Park on Cozumel Island.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1125X1500244.9 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





22
/
24


Caption 
Performance of a traditional ceremony from central Mexico at Discover Mexico Park on Cozumel Island.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1125X1500189.0 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





23
/
24


Caption 
Performance of a traditional ceremony from central Mexico at Discover Mexico Park on Cozumel Island.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1125X1500184.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





24
/
24


Caption 
Snarling jaguar at an exhibit featuring local artisans at Discover Mexico Park on Cozumel Island.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1125178.1 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice

































Previous



Next















The World Factbook
×


North America   ::MEXICO













Introduction ::  MEXICO 
Background:
The site of several advanced Amerindian civilizations - including the Olmec, Toltec, Teotihuacan, Zapotec, Maya, and Aztec - Mexico was conquered and colonized by Spain in the early 16th century. Administered as the Viceroyalty of New Spain for three centuries, it achieved independence early in the 19th century. Elections held in 2000 marked the first time since the 1910 Mexican Revolution that an opposition candidate - Vicente FOX of the National Action Party (PAN) - defeated the party in government, the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was succeeded in 2006 by another PAN candidate Felipe CALDERON, but Enrique PENA NIETO regained the presidency for the PRI in 2012. The global financial crisis in late 2008 caused a massive economic downturn in Mexico the following year, although growth returned quickly in 2010. Ongoing economic and social concerns include low real wages, high underemployment, inequitable income distribution, and few advancement opportunities for the largely indigenous population in the impoverished southern states. Since 2007, Mexico's powerful drug-trafficking organizations have engaged in bloody feuding, resulting in tens of thousands of drug-related homicides.

Geography ::  MEXICO 
Location:
North America, bordering the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, between Belize and the United States and bordering the North Pacific Ocean, between Guatemala and the United States
Geographic coordinates:
23 00 N, 102 00 W
Map references:
North America
Area:
total: 1,964,375 sq km
land: 1,943,945 sq km
water: 20,430 sq km
country comparison to the world:  14
Area - comparative:
slightly less than three times the size of Texas
Area comparison map:





The World Factbook
×


North America   ::MEXICO







Area Comparison 

slightly less than three times the size of Texas







Land boundaries:
total: 4,389 km
border countries (3): Belize 276 km, Guatemala 958 km, US 3,155 km
Coastline:
9,330 km
Maritime claims:
territorial sea: 12 nm
contiguous zone: 24 nm
exclusive economic zone: 200 nm
continental shelf: 200 nm or to the edge of the continental margin
Climate:
varies from tropical to desert
Terrain:
high, rugged mountains; low coastal plains; high plateaus; desert
Elevation:
mean elevation: 1,111 m
elevation extremes: lowest point: Laguna Salada -10 m
highest point: Volcan Pico de Orizaba 5,636 m
Natural resources:
petroleum, silver, copper, gold, lead, zinc, natural gas, timber
Land use:
agricultural land: 54.9%
arable land 11.8%; permanent crops 1.4%; permanent pasture 41.7%
forest: 33.3%
other: 11.8% (2011 est.)
Irrigated land:
65,000 sq km (2012)
Population - distribution:
most of the population is found in the middle of the country between the states of Jalisco and Veracruz; approximately a quarter of the population lives in and around Mexico City
Natural hazards:
tsunamis along the Pacific coast, volcanoes and destructive earthquakes in the center and south, and hurricanes on the Pacific, Gulf of Mexico, and Caribbean coasts
volcanism: volcanic activity in the central-southern part of the country; the volcanoes in Baja California are mostly dormant; Colima (elev. 3,850 m), which erupted in 2010, is Mexico's most active volcano and is responsible for causing periodic evacuations of nearby villagers; it has been deemed a Decade Volcano by the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior, worthy of study due to its explosive history and close proximity to human populations; Popocatepetl (elev. 5,426 m) poses a threat to Mexico City; other historically active volcanoes include Barcena, Ceboruco, El Chichon, Michoacan-Guanajuato, Pico de Orizaba, San Martin, Socorro, and Tacana
Environment - current issues:
scarcity of hazardous waste disposal facilities; rural to urban migration; natural freshwater resources scarce and polluted in north, inaccessible and poor quality in center and extreme southeast; raw sewage and industrial effluents polluting rivers in urban areas; deforestation; widespread erosion; desertification; deteriorating agricultural lands; serious air and water pollution in the national capital and urban centers along US-Mexico border; land subsidence in Valley of Mexico caused by groundwater depletion
note: the government considers the lack of clean water and deforestation national security issues
Environment - international agreements:
party to: Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Desertification, Endangered Species, Hazardous Wastes, Law of the Sea, Marine Dumping, Marine Life Conservation, Ozone Layer Protection, Ship Pollution, Wetlands, Whaling
signed, but not ratified: none of the selected agreements
Geography - note:
strategic location on southern border of US; corn (maize), one of the world's major grain crops, is thought to have originated in Mexico

People and Society ::  MEXICO 
Population:
123,166,749 (July 2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  12
Nationality:
noun: Mexican(s)
adjective: Mexican
Ethnic groups:
mestizo (Amerindian-Spanish) 62%, predominantly Amerindian 21%, Amerindian 7%, other 10% (mostly European)
note: Mexico does not collect census data on ethnicity (2012 est.)
Languages:
Spanish only 92.7%, Spanish and indigenous languages 5.7%, indigenous only 0.8%, unspecified 0.8%
note: indigenous languages include various Mayan, Nahuatl, and other regional languages (2005)
Religions:
Roman Catholic 82.7%, Pentecostal 1.6%, Jehovah's Witness 1.4%, other Evangelical Churches 5%, other 1.9%, none 4.7%, unspecified 2.7% (2010 est.)
Age structure:
0-14 years: 27.26% (male 17,167,636/female 16,402,301)
15-24 years: 17.72% (male 11,049,818/female 10,770,843)
25-54 years: 40.69% (male 24,174,900/female 25,938,909)
55-64 years: 7.41% (male 4,187,644/female 4,944,802)
65 years and over: 6.93% (male 3,827,870/female 4,702,026) (2016 est.)
population pyramid:





The World Factbook
×


North America   ::MEXICO







Population Pyramid 

A population pyramid illustrates the age and sex structure of a country's population and may provide insights about political and social stability, as well as economic development. The population is distributed along the horizontal axis, with males shown on the left and females on the right. The male and female populations are broken down into 5-year age groups represented as horizontal bars along the vertical axis, with the youngest age groups at the bottom and the oldest at the top. The shape of the population pyramid gradually evolves over time based on fertility, mortality, and international migration trends.For additional information, please see the entry for Population pyramid on the Definitions and Notes page under the References tab.







Dependency ratios:
total dependency ratio: 51.7
youth dependency ratio: 41.9
elderly dependency ratio: 9.8
potential support ratio: 10.2 (2015 est.)
Median age:
total: 28 years
male: 26.9 years
female: 29.1 years (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  133
Population growth rate:
1.15% (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  102
Birth rate:
18.5 births/1,000 population (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  93
Death rate:
5.3 deaths/1,000 population (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  177
Net migration rate:
-1.7 migrant(s)/1,000 population (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  155
Population distribution:
most of the population is found in the middle of the country between the states of Jalisco and Veracruz; approximately a quarter of the population lives in and around Mexico City
Urbanization:
urban population: 79.2% of total population (2015)
rate of urbanization: 1.57% annual rate of change (2010-15 est.)
Major urban areas - population:
MEXICO CITY (capital) 20.999 million; Guadalajara 4.843 million; Monterrey 4.513 million; Puebla 2.984 million; Toluca de Lerdo 2.164 million; Tijuana 1.987 million (2015)
Sex ratio:
at birth: 1.05 male(s)/female
0-14 years: 1.05 male(s)/female
15-24 years: 1.03 male(s)/female
25-54 years: 0.93 male(s)/female
55-64 years: 0.85 male(s)/female
65 years and over: 0.82 male(s)/female
total population: 0.96 male(s)/female (2016 est.)
Mother's mean age at first birth:
21.3 years (2008 est.)
Maternal mortality rate:
38 deaths/100,000 live births (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  108
Infant mortality rate:
total: 11.9 deaths/1,000 live births
male: 13.3 deaths/1,000 live births
female: 10.4 deaths/1,000 live births (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  122
Life expectancy at birth:
total population: 75.9 years
male: 73.1 years
female: 78.8 years (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  93
Total fertility rate:
2.25 children born/woman (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  95
Contraceptive prevalence rate:
72.3% (2014)
Health expenditures:
6.3% of GDP (2014)
country comparison to the world:  108
Physicians density:
2.07 physicians/1,000 population (2013)
Hospital bed density:
1.5 beds/1,000 population (2011)
Drinking water source:
improved: 
urban: 97.2% of population
rural: 92.1% of population
total: 96.1% of population
unimproved: 
urban: 2.8% of population
rural: 7.9% of population
total: 3.9% of population (2015 est.)
Sanitation facility access:
improved: 
urban: 88% of population
rural: 74.5% of population
total: 85.2% of population
unimproved: 
urban: 12% of population
rural: 25.5% of population
total: 14.8% of population (2015 est.)
HIV/AIDS - adult prevalence rate:
0.24% (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  95
HIV/AIDS - people living with HIV/AIDS:
198,200 (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  30
HIV/AIDS - deaths:
4,000 (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  28
Major infectious diseases:
degree of risk: intermediate
food or waterborne diseases: bacterial diarrhea and hepatitis A
vectorborne disease: dengue fever
note: active local transmission of Zika virus by Aedes species mosquitoes has been identified in this country (as of August 2016); it poses an important risk (a large number of cases possible) among US citizens if bitten by an infective mosquito; other less common ways to get Zika are through sex, via blood transfusion, or during pregnancy, in which the pregnant woman passes Zika virus to her fetus (2016)
Obesity - adult prevalence rate:
27.6% (2014)
country comparison to the world:  23
Children under the age of 5 years underweight:
2.8% (2012)
country comparison to the world:  117
Education expenditures:
5.2% of GDP (2012)
country comparison to the world:  72
Literacy:
definition: age 15 and over can read and write
total population: 95.1%
male: 96.2%
female: 94.2% (2012 est.)
School life expectancy (primary to tertiary education):
total: 13 years
male: 13 years
female: 13 years (2014)
Child labor - children ages 5-14:
total number: 1,105,617
percentage: 5% (2009 est.)
Unemployment, youth ages 15-24:
total: 9.6%
male: 9.2%
female: 10.3% (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  104

Government ::  MEXICO 
Country name:
conventional long form: United Mexican States
conventional short form: Mexico
local long form: Estados Unidos Mexicanos
local short form: Mexico
etymology: named after the Mexica, the largest and most powerful branch of the Aztecs; the meaning of the name is uncertain
Government type:
federal presidential republic
Capital:
name: Mexico City (Ciudad de Mexico)
geographic coordinates: 19 26 N, 99 08 W
time difference: UTC-6 (1 hour behind Washington, DC, during Standard Time)
daylight saving time: +1hr, begins first Sunday in April; ends last Sunday in October
note: Mexico has four time zones
Administrative divisions:
31 states (estados, singular - estado) and 1 city* (ciudad); Aguascalientes, Baja California, Baja California Sur, Campeche, Chiapas, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Colima, Cuidad de Mexico*, Durango, Guanajuato, Guerrero, Hidalgo, Jalisco, Mexico, Michoacan, Morelos, Nayarit, Nuevo Leon, Oaxaca, Puebla, Queretaro, Quintana Roo, San Luis Potosi, Sinaloa, Sonora, Tabasco, Tamaulipas, Tlaxcala, Veracruz, Yucatan, Zacatecas
Independence:
16 September 1810 (declared independence from Spain); 27 September 1821 (recognized by Spain)
National holiday:
Independence Day, 16 September (1810)
Constitution:
several previous; latest approved 5 February 1917; amended many times, last in 2015 (2016)
Legal system:
civil law system with US constitutional law influence; judicial review of legislative acts
International law organization participation:
accepts compulsory ICJ jurisdiction with reservations; accepts ICCt jurisdiction
Citizenship:
citizenship by birth: yes
citizenship by descent: yes
dual citizenship recognized: not specified
residency requirement for naturalization: 5 years
Suffrage:
18 years of age; universal and compulsory
Executive branch:
chief of state: President Enrique PENA NIETO (since 1 December 2012); note - the president is both chief of state and head of government
head of government: President Enrique PENA NIETO (since 1 December 2012)
cabinet: Cabinet appointed by the president; note - appointment of attorney general, the head of the Bank of Mexico, and senior treasury officials require consent of the Senate
elections/appointments: president directly elected by simple majority popular vote for a single 6-year term; election last held on 1 July 2012 (next to be held in July 2018)
election results: Enrique PENA NIETO elected president; percent of vote - Enrique PENA NIETO (PRI) 38.2%, Andres Manuel LOPEZ OBRADOR (PRD) 31.6%, Josefina Eugenia VAZQUEZ Mota (PAN) 25.4%, other 4.8%
Legislative branch:
description: bicameral National Congress or Congreso de la Union consists of the Senate or Camara de Senadores (128 seats; 96 members directly elected in multi-seat constituencies by simple majority vote and 32 directly elected in a single, nationwide constituency by proportional representation vote; members serve 6-year terms) and the Chamber of Deputies or Camara de Diputados (500 seats; 300 members directly elected in single-seat constituencies by simple majority vote and 200 directly elected in a single, nationwide constituency by proportional representation vote; members serve 3-year terms)
elections: Senate - last held on 1 July 2012 for all of the seats (next to be held 1 July 2018); Chamber of Deputies - last held on 7 June 2015 (next to be held on 1 July 2018)
election results: Senate - percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - PRI 52, PAN 38, PRD 22, PVEM 9, PT 4, Movimiento Ciudadano 2, PANAL 1; Chamber of Deputies - percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - PRI 203, PAN 108, PRD 56, PVEM 47, MORENA 35, MC 26, PNA/PANAL 10, PES 8, PT 6, independent 1
Judicial branch:
highest court(s): Supreme Court of Justice or Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nacion (consists of the chief justice and 11 justices and organized into civil, criminal, administrative, and labor panels) and the Electoral Tribunal of the Federal Judiciary (organized into the superior court, with 7 judges including the court president and 5 regional courts, each with 3 judges)
judge selection and term of office: Supreme Court justices nominated by the president of the republic and approved by two-thirds vote of the members present in the Senate; justices serve for life; Electoral Tribunal superior and regional court judges nominated by the Supreme Court and elected by two-thirds vote of members present in the Senate; superior court president elected from among its members to hold office for a 4-year term; other judges of the superior and regional courts serve staggered, 9-year terms
subordinate courts: federal level includes circuit, collegiate, and unitary courts; state and district level courts
Political parties and leaders:
Citizen's Movement (Movimiento Ciudadano) or MC [Dante DELGADO Rannaoro]
Institutional Revolutionary Party (Partido Revolucionario Institucional) or PRI [Enrique OCHOA Reza]
Labor Party (Partido del Trabajo) or PT [Alberto ANAYA Gutierrez]
Mexican Green Ecological Party (Partido Verde Ecologista de Mexico) or PVEM [Carlos Alberto PUENTE Salas]
Movement for National Regeneration (Movimiento Regeneracion Nacional) or MORENA [Andres Manuel LOPEZ Obrador]
National Action Party (Partido Accion Nacional) or PAN [Ricardo ANAYA Cortes]
New Alliance Party (Partido Nueva Alianza) or PNA/PANAL [Luis CASTRO Obregon]
Party of the Democratic Revolution (Partido de la Revolucion Democratica) or PRD [Alejandra BARRALES Magdaleno]
Social Encounter Party (Partido Encuentro Social) or PES [Hugo Eric FLORES Cervantes]
Political pressure groups and leaders:
Businessmen's Coordinating Council or CCE
Confederation of Employers of the Mexican Republic or COPARMEX
Confederation of Industrial Chambers or CONCAMIN
Confederation of Mexican Workers or CTM
Confederation of National Chambers of Commerce or CONCANACO
Coordinator for Foreign Trade Business Organizations or COECE
Federation of Unions Providing Goods and Services or FESEBES
National Chamber of Transformation Industries or CANACINTRA
National Confederation of Popular Organizations or CNOP
National Coordinator for Education Workers or CNTE
National Peasant Confederation or CNC
National Small Business Chamber or CANACOPE
National Syndicate of Education Workers or SNTE
National Union of Workers or UNT
Popular Assembly of the People of Oaxaca or APPO
Roman Catholic Church
International organization participation:
APEC, Australia Group, BCIE, BIS, CAN (observer), Caricom (observer), CD, CDB, CE (observer), CELAC, CSN (observer), EBRD, FAO, FATF, G-3, G-15, G-20, G-24, G-5, IADB, IAEA, IBRD, ICAO, ICC (national committees), ICCt, ICRM, IDA, IFAD, IFC, IFRCS, IHO, ILO, IMF, IMO, IMSO, Interpol, IOC, IOM, IPU, ISO, ITSO, ITU, ITUC (NGOs), LAES, LAIA, MIGA, NAFTA, NAM (observer), NEA, NSG, OAS, OECD, OPANAL, OPCW, Pacific Alliance, Paris Club (associate), PCA, SICA (observer), UN, UNASUR (observer), UNCTAD, UNESCO, UNHCR, UNIDO, Union Latina (observer), UNWTO, UPU, WCO, WFTU (NGOs), WHO, WIPO, WMO, WTO
Diplomatic representation in the US:
chief of mission: Ambassador Geronimo GUTIERREZ Fernandez (since 23 April 2017)
chancery: 1911 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20006
telephone: [1] (202) 728-1600
FAX: [1] (202) 728-1698
consulate(s) general: Atlanta, Austin, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, El Paso (TX), Houston, Laredo (TX), Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Nogales (AZ), Phoenix, Sacramento (CA), San Antonio (TX), San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose (CA), San Juan (Puerto Rico), Saint Paul (MN)
consulate(s): Albuquerque (NM), Anchorage (AK), Boise (ID), Brownsville (TX), Calexico (CA), Del Rio (TX), Detroit, Douglas (AZ), Eagle Pass (TX), Fresno (CA), Indianapolis (IN), Kansas City (MO), Las Vegas (NV), Little Rock (AR), McAllen (TX), Minneapolis (MN), New Orleans, Omaha (NE), Orlando (FL), Oxnard (CA), Philadelphia, Portland (OR), Presidio (TX), Raleigh (NC), Salt Lake City, San Bernardino (CA), Santa Ana (CA), Seattle, Tucson (AZ), Yuma (AZ); note - Washington DC Consular Section is located in a separate building from the Mexican Embassy and has jurisdiction over DC, parts of Virginia, Maryland, and West Virginia
Diplomatic representation from the US:
chief of mission: Ambassador Roberta JACOBSON (since 20 June 2016)
embassy: Paseo de la Reforma 305, Colonia Cuauhtemoc, 06500 Mexico, Distrito Federal
mailing address: P. O. Box 9000, Brownsville, TX 78520-9000
telephone: (01-55) 5080-2000
FAX: (01-55) 5080-2005
consulate(s) general: Ciudad Juarez, Guadalajara, Hermosillo, Matamoros, Merida, Monterrey, Nogales, Nuevo Laredo, Tijuana
Flag description:
three equal vertical bands of green (hoist side), white, and red; Mexico's coat of arms (an eagle with a snake in its beak perched on a cactus) is centered in the white band; green signifies hope, joy, and love; white represents peace and honesty; red stands for hardiness, bravery, strength, and valor; the coat of arms is derived from a legend that the wandering Aztec people were to settle at a location where they would see an eagle on a cactus eating a snake; the city they founded, Tenochtitlan, is now Mexico City
note: similar to the flag of Italy, which is shorter, uses lighter shades of red and green, and does not display anything in its white band
National symbol(s):
golden eagle; national colors: green, white, red
National anthem:
name: "Himno Nacional Mexicano" (National Anthem of Mexico)
lyrics/music: Francisco Gonzalez BOCANEGRA/Jaime Nuno ROCA
note: adopted 1943, in use since 1854; also known as "Mexicanos, al grito de Guerra" (Mexicans, to the War Cry); according to tradition, Francisco Gonzalez BOCANEGRA, an accomplished poet, was uninterested in submitting lyrics to a national anthem contest; his fiancee locked him in a room and refused to release him until the lyrics were completed


Economy ::  MEXICO 
Economy - overview:
Mexico's $2.2 trillion economy has become increasingly oriented toward manufacturing since the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) entered into force in 1994. Per capita income is roughly one-third that of the US; income distribution remains highly unequal.

Mexico has become the US' second-largest export market and third-largest source of imports. In 2016, two-way trade in goods and services exceeded $579 billion. Mexico has free trade agreements with 46 countries, putting more than 90% of trade under free trade agreements. In 2012, Mexico formed the Pacific Alliance with Peru, Colombia, and Chile.

Mexico's current government, led by President Enrique PENA NIETO, has emphasized economic reforms, passing and implementing sweeping energy, financial, fiscal, and telecommunications reform legislation, among others, with the long-term aim to improve competitiveness and economic growth across the Mexican economy. Mexico began holding public auctions of exploration and development rights to select oil and gas resources in 2015 as a part of reforms that allow for private investment in the oil, gas, and electricity sectors. Mexico held its fourth auction in December 2016 and allocated 8 of 10 deep water fields, demonstrating Mexico’s capacity to attract investment amid low oil prices. The government will allocate additional fields in 2017.

Since 2013, Mexico’s economic growth has averaged 2% annually, falling short of private-sector expectations that President Pena Nieto’s sweeping reforms would bolster economic prospects. Growth is predicted to remain below potential given falling oil production, weak oil prices, structural issues such as low productivity, high inequality, a large informal sector employing over half of the workforce, weak rule of law, and corruption. Over the medium-term, the economy is vulnerable to global economic pressures, such as lower external demand, rising interest rates, and low oil prices - approximately 10% of government revenue comes from the state-owned oil company, PEMEX.
GDP (purchasing power parity):
$2.307 trillion (2016 est.)
$2.259 trillion (2015 est.)
$2.205 trillion (2014 est.)
note: data are in 2016 dollars
country comparison to the world:  12
GDP (official exchange rate):
$1.064 trillion (2016 est.)
GDP - real growth rate:
2.1% (2016 est.)
2.5% (2015 est.)
2.2% (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  130
GDP - per capita (PPP):
$18,900 (2016 est.)
$18,700 (2015 est.)
$18,400 (2014 est.)
note: data are in 2016 dollars
country comparison to the world:  90
Gross national saving:
20.3% of GDP (2016 est.)
19.9% of GDP (2015 est.)
19.5% of GDP (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  84
GDP - composition, by end use:
household consumption: 69.6%
government consumption: 12.3%
investment in fixed capital: 22.6%
investment in inventories: -1.8%
exports of goods and services: 36.1%
imports of goods and services: -38.8% (2016 est.)
GDP - composition, by sector of origin:
agriculture: 3.7%
industry: 33.1%
services: 63.2% (2016 est.)
Agriculture - products:
corn, wheat, soybeans, rice, beans, cotton, coffee, fruit, tomatoes; beef, poultry, dairy products; wood products
Industries:
food and beverages, tobacco, chemicals, iron and steel, petroleum, mining, textiles, clothing, motor vehicles, consumer durables, tourism
Industrial production growth rate:
3.3% (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  70
Labor force:
53.74 million (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  13
Labor force - by occupation:
agriculture: 13.4%
industry: 24.1%
services: 61.9% (2011)
Unemployment rate:
3.6% (2017 est.)
4.4% (2015 est.)
note: underemployment may be as high as 25%
country comparison to the world:  30
Population below poverty line:
46.2%
note: based on food-based definition of poverty; asset-based poverty amounted to more than 47% (2014 est.)
Household income or consumption by percentage share:
lowest 10%: 2%
highest 10%: 40% (2014)
Distribution of family income - Gini index:
48.2 (2014)
48.3 (2008)
country comparison to the world:  25
Budget:
revenues: $224.3 billion
expenditures: $255.9 billion (2016 est.)
Taxes and other revenues:
21.1% of GDP (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  144
Budget surplus (+) or deficit (-):
-3% of GDP (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  105
Public debt:
56.3% of GDP (2016 est.)
54.1% of GDP (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  77
Fiscal year:
calendar year
Inflation rate (consumer prices):
2.8% (2016 est.)
2.7% (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  133
Central bank discount rate:
6.25% (28 February 2017)
5.25% (28 February 2016)
country comparison to the world:  65
Commercial bank prime lending rate:
4.3% (31 December 2016 est.)
3.42% (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  152
Stock of narrow money:
$192.3 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$194.8 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  25
Stock of broad money:
$826.7 billion (31 December 2014 est.)
$727 billion (31 December 2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  20
Stock of domestic credit:
$400.3 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$398.9 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  29
Market value of publicly traded shares:
$402.3 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
$480.2 billion (31 December 2014 est.)
$526 billion (31 December 2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  24
Current account balance:
-$27.86 billion (2016 est.)
-$33.35 billion (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  194
Exports:
$373.7 billion (2016 est.)
$380.9 billion (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  12
Exports - commodities:
manufactured goods, oil and oil products, silver, fruits, vegetables, coffee, cotton
Exports - partners:
US 81.2% (2015)
Imports:
$387 billion (2016 est.)
$395.3 billion (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  11
Imports - commodities:
metalworking machines, steel mill products, agricultural machinery, electrical equipment, automobile parts for assembly and repair, aircraft, aircraft parts
Imports - partners:
US 47.3%, China 17.7%, Japan 4.4% (2015)
Reserves of foreign exchange and gold:
$176.4 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$178 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
note: Mexico also maintains access to an $88 million Flexible Credit Line with the IMF
country comparison to the world:  14
Debt - external:
$484.6 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$441.6 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  26
Stock of direct foreign investment - at home:
$384.3 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$356.9 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  20
Stock of direct foreign investment - abroad:
$153.3 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$142.9 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  29
Exchange rates:
Mexican pesos (MXN) per US dollar -
18.34 (2016 est.)
15.848 (2015 est.)
15.848 (2014 est.)
13.292 (2013 est.)
13.17 (2012 est.)

Energy ::  MEXICO 
Electricity access:
population without electricity: 1,231,667
electrification - total population: 99%
electrification - urban areas: 100%
electrification - rural areas: 97% (2012)
Electricity - production:
310 billion kWh (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  12
Electricity - consumption:
238 billion kWh (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  15
Electricity - exports:
7.1 billion kWh (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  27
Electricity - imports:
400 million kWh (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  85
Electricity - installed generating capacity:
65.45 million kW (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  19
Electricity - from fossil fuels:
74.2% of total installed capacity (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  102
Electricity - from nuclear fuels:
2.1% of total installed capacity (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  29
Electricity - from hydroelectric plants:
19% of total installed capacity (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  96
Electricity - from other renewable sources:
4.7% of total installed capacity (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  60
Crude oil - production:
2.154 million bbl/day (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  13
Crude oil - exports:
1.193 million bbl/day (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  13
Crude oil - imports:
11,110 bbl/day (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  74
Crude oil - proved reserves:
9.7 billion bbl (1 January 2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  17
Refined petroleum products - production:
1.119 million bbl/day (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  20
Refined petroleum products - consumption:
2.007 million bbl/day (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  13
Refined petroleum products - exports:
195,000 bbl/day (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  35
Refined petroleum products - imports:
713,500 bbl/day (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  11
Natural gas - production:
44.37 billion cu m (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  19
Natural gas - consumption:
72.77 billion cu m (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  10
Natural gas - exports:
52 million cu m (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  49
Natural gas - imports:
28.84 billion cu m (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  14
Natural gas - proved reserves:
432.9 billion cu m (1 January 2016 es)
country comparison to the world:  33
Carbon dioxide emissions from consumption of energy:
455 million Mt (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  15

Communications ::  MEXICO 
Telephones - fixed lines:
total subscriptions: 19,886,949
subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 16 (July 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  14
Telephones - mobile cellular:
total: 106.831 million
subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 88 (July 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  14
Telephone system:
general assessment: adequate telephone service for business and government; improving quality and increasing mobile cellular availability, with mobile subscribers far outnumbering fixed-line subscribers; domestic satellite system with 120 earth stations; extensive microwave radio relay network; considerable use of fiber-optic cable and coaxial cable
domestic: competition has spurred the mobile-cellular market; fixed-line teledensity is less than 20 per 100 persons; mobile-cellular teledensity is about 90 per 100 persons
international: country code - 52; Columbus-2 fiber-optic submarine cable with access to the US, Virgin Islands, Canary Islands, Spain, and Italy; the Americas Region Caribbean Ring System (ARCOS-1) and the MAYA-1 submarine cable system together provide access to Central America, parts of South America and the Caribbean, and the US; satellite earth stations - 120 (32 Intelsat, 2 Solidaridad (giving Mexico improved access to South America, Central America, and much of the US as well as enhancing domestic communications), 1 Panamsat, numerous Inmarsat mobile earth stations); linked to Central American Microwave System of trunk connections (2015)
Broadcast media:
many TV stations and more than 1,400 radio stations with most privately owned; the Televisa group once had a virtual monopoly in TV broadcasting, but new broadcasting groups and foreign satellite and cable operators are now available (2012)
Internet country code:
.mx
Internet users:
total: 69.915 million
percent of population: 57.4% (July 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  12

Transportation ::  MEXICO 
National air transport system:
number of registered air carriers: 21
inventory of registered aircraft operated by air carriers: 357
annual passenger traffic on registered air carriers: 45,560,063
annual freight traffic on registered air carriers: 713,985,467 mt-km (2015)
Civil aircraft registration country code prefix:
XA (2016)
Airports:
1,714 (2013)
country comparison to the world:  3
Airports - with paved runways:
total: 243
over 3,047 m: 12
2,438 to 3,047 m: 32
1,524 to 2,437 m: 80
914 to 1,523 m: 86
under 914 m: 33 (2013)
Airports - with unpaved runways:
total: 1,471
over 3,047 m: 1
2,438 to 3,047 m: 1
1,524 to 2,437 m: 42
914 to 1,523 m: 281
under 914 m: 1,146 (2013)
Heliports:
1 (2013)
Pipelines:
gas 18,074 km; liquid petroleum 2,102 km; oil 8,775 km; oil/gas/water 369 km; refined products 7,565 km; water 123 km (2013)
Railways:
total: 15,389 km
standard gauge: 15,389 km 1.435-m gauge (27 km electrified) (2014)
country comparison to the world:  18
Roadways:
total: 377,660 km
paved: 137,544 km (includes 7,176 km of expressways)
unpaved: 240,116 km (2012)
country comparison to the world:  20
Waterways:
2,900 km (navigable rivers and coastal canals mostly connected with ports on the country's east coast) (2012)
country comparison to the world:  33
Merchant marine:
total: 52
by type: bulk carrier 5, cargo 3, chemical tanker 11, liquefied gas 3, passenger/cargo 10, petroleum tanker 17, roll on/roll off 3
foreign-owned: 5 (France 1, Greece 2, South Africa 1, UAE 1)
registered in other countries: 12 (Antigua and Barbuda 1, Marshall Islands 2, Panama 5, Portugal 1, Spain 1, Venezuela 1, unknown 1) (2010)
country comparison to the world:  70
Ports and terminals:
major seaport(s): Altamira, Coatzacoalcos, Lazaro Cardenas, Manzanillo, Veracruz
container port(s) (TEUs): Manzanillo (1,992,176), Lazaro Cardenas (1,242,777) (2012)
oil terminal(s): Cayo Arcas terminal, Dos Bocas terminal
LNG terminal(s) (import): Altamira, Ensenada
cruise port(s): Cancun, Cozumel, Ensenada

Military and Security ::  MEXICO 
Military expenditures:
0.68% of GDP (2015)
0.67% of GDP (2014)
0.62% of GDP (2013)
0.59% of GDP (2012)
0.55% of GDP (2011)
country comparison to the world:  124
Military branches:
Secretariat of National Defense (Secretaria de Defensa Nacional, Sedena): Army (Ejercito), Mexican Air Force (Fuerza Aerea Mexicana, FAM); Secretariat of the Navy (Secretaria de Marina, Semar): Mexican Navy (Armada de Mexico (ARM); includes Naval Air Force (FAN), Mexican Naval Infantry Corps (Cuerpo de Infanteria de Marina, Mexmar or CIM)) (2013)
Military service age and obligation:
18 years of age for compulsory military service, conscript service obligation is 12 months; 16 years of age with consent for voluntary enlistment; conscripts serve only in the Army; Navy and Air Force service is all voluntary; women are eligible for voluntary military service; cadets enrolled in military schools from the age of 15 are considered members of the armed forces (2012)

Transnational Issues ::  MEXICO 
Disputes - international:
abundant rainfall in recent years along much of the Mexico-US border region has ameliorated periodically strained water-sharing arrangements; the US has intensified security measures to monitor and control legal and illegal personnel, transport, and commodities across its border with Mexico; Mexico must deal with thousands of impoverished Guatemalans and other Central Americans who cross the porous border looking for work in Mexico and the US; Belize and Mexico are working to solve minor border demarcation discrepancies arising from inaccuracies in the 1898 border treaty
Refugees and internally displaced persons:
IDPs: 311,000 (government's quashing of Zapatista uprising in 1994 in eastern Chiapas Region; drug cartel violence and government's military response since 2007; violence between and within indigenous groups) (2016)
stateless persons: 13 (2016)
Illicit drugs:
major drug-producing and transit nation; world's second largest opium poppy cultivator; opium poppy cultivation in 2009 rose 31% over 2008 to 19,500 hectares yielding a potential production of 50 metric tons of pure heroin, or 125 metric tons of "black tar" heroin, the dominant form of Mexican heroin in the western United States; marijuana cultivation increased 45% to 17,500 hectares in 2009; government conducts the largest independent illicit-crop eradication program in the world; continues as the primary transshipment country for US-bound cocaine from South America, with an estimated 95% of annual cocaine movements toward the US stopping in Mexico; major drug syndicates control the majority of drug trafficking throughout the country; producer and distributor of ecstasy; significant money-laundering center; major supplier of heroin and largest foreign supplier of marijuana and methamphetamine to the US market (2007)




 
 









back to top

Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
