
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



United Asset Strategies, Inc. : Top Money Managers  














Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.







United Asset Strategies Inc






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,797  0.39% Royal BankRoyal Bank - RYRoyal Bank - RY-PLRoyal Bank - RY-PCHarlan KentKevin DavisBernard McDonell






World
US















United Asset Strategies Inc.

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameUnited Asset Strategies Inc.SEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 196.2 M Contact Details LocationGarden City, New YorkAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.unitedfinancialgroup.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out United-Asset-Strategies-Inc and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Kings Point Capital Management Garden City NY 0 Excomp Asset Management Ltd Garden City NY 0 Westbrook Asset Management  LLC Garden City NY 0 Bolter & Company  LLC Garden City NY 0 United Asset Strategies Inc. Garden City NY 0 The Bendix Financial Group  Inc. Garden City NY 0 Personal Asset Strategies  Inc. Garden City NY 0 Dartmouth Advisory Services Inc. Garden City NY 0 Jrf Asset Advisors  LLC. Garden City NY 0 Tiaa-Cref Tuition Financing  Inc. New York NY 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets











































United Asset Strategies Inc in Garden City, NY 11530 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» Garden City
» Financial Planning
» United Asset Strategies Inc













United Asset Strategies Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





666 Old Country Rd Ste 104 Garden City, New York 11530


(516) 222-0021
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
United Asset Strategies Inc is located at the address 666 Old Country Rd in Garden City, New York 11530.  They can be contacted via phone at (516) 222-0021 for pricing, hours and directions.  United Asset Strategies Inc specializes in Computer Consulting, Mergers & Acquisitions Consulting, Accident.  United Asset Strategies Inc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Lee  DeLorenzo, Cco or  go to www.unitedfinancialgroup.comUnited Asset Strategies Inc provides Sales Tax Returns, Amended Returns, Term Life to it's customers.  For maps and directions to United Asset Strategies Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of United Asset Strategies Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Self-Employed Policies
, Futures
, Municipal Bonds
, CDs
, Money Markets
, Profit Sharing Plans
, Real Estate Loans
, IRAs
, Home Loans
, Tax Free Investments



SERVICES


Term Life
, Direct Deposit
, Card Replacement
, Sales Tax Returns
, Payroll Tax Returns
, Short Term Planning
, Financial Planning
, Amended Returns
, Account Inquiries
, Long Term Planning


 BRANDS


Quickbooks
, Prudential
, Microsoft
, The Hartford
, Great Plains


 SPECIALTIES


Dental
, Government
, Management Consulting
, Trusts
, Non-Profit
, Accounts Receivable
, Mergers & Acquisitions Consulting
, Educational Savings Plans
, Computer Consulting
, Accident



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (516) 222-0021
Website: www.unitedfinancialgroup.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Lee
Main Contact Last Name: Delorenzo
Main Contact Title: President
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Financial Planning
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


The WealthPlan


585 Stewart Ave Suite 640 Garden City, New York 11530




Edelman Financial Services, LLC


990 Stewart Avenue Suite 405 Garden City, New York 11530




Ambroson Jay A


600 Old Country rd Rm 337  Garden City, New York 11530




Anchor Financial


1225 Franklin Ave Ste 325  Garden City, New York 11530





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Lee  Delorenzo
CCO
Phone: (516) 222-0021 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿






























Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE:WY) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Weyerhaeuser Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Weyerhaeuser Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Sidoti Downgrades Bankrate, Inc. (NYSE:RATE) to Neutral
ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Raised to Sell at BidaskClub
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) Stock Price
Insider Buying: Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Insider Acquires 59 Shares of Stock
Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE:PII) Given New $86.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus
Packaging Corporation of America’s (NYSE:PKG) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC
Nivalis Therapeutics (ALPN) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds
VistaGen Therapeutics (NASDAQ:VTGN) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.20
Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE:WY) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results
J P Morgan Chase & Co Cuts BT Group plc (BT.A) Price Target to GBX 290
Head-To-Head Review: IDEXX Laboratories (NASDAQ:IDXX) & Heska Corporation (HSKA)
Wintrust Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:WTFC) Releases  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.12 EPS
Insider Selling: British Land Company PLC (BLND) Insider Sells 11,205 Shares of Stock
Insider Buying: Pearson plc (PSON) Insider Purchases 581 Shares of Stock
Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC) Receives Media Impact Score of -0.14
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect United Rentals (NYSE:URI) Share Price
Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Veracyte (NASDAQ:VCYT) Stock Price
ObsEva SA (NASDAQ:OBSV) Stake Held by 
				
					Novo Holdings A
Methanex Corporation (MEOH) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.23 EPS
Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:HEP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.18







Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE:WY) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE:WY) announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday. The real estate investment trust reported $0.28 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.01, Bloomberg Earnings reports. The company had revenue of $1.81 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.81 billion. Weyerhaeuser had a return on equity of 6.22% and a net margin of 16.58%. Weyerhaeuser’s quarterly revenue was up 9.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.17 EPS. 
Weyerhaeuser (WY) traded down 3.77% on Friday, hitting $32.94. The stock had a trading volume of 4,462,397 shares. The stock has a market cap of $24.77 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.58 and a beta of 1.41. The company’s 50-day moving average is $33.44 and its 200-day moving average is $33.21. Weyerhaeuser has a one year low of $28.58 and a one year high of $35.50. 


 Get Weyerhaeuser Company alerts:



COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE:WY) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/weyerhaeuser-company-nysewy-announces-quarterly-earnings-results.html. 
Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Barnett & Company Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of  Weyerhaeuser during the second quarter worth about $101,000.  First Personal Financial Services increased its position in  Weyerhaeuser by 90.7% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 3,195 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 1,520 shares during the period.  Alexandria Capital LLC increased its position in  Weyerhaeuser by 0.3% in the second quarter. Alexandria Capital LLC now owns 3,486 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 12 shares during the period.  Gemmer Asset Management LLC increased its position in  Weyerhaeuser by 0.5% in the second quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 4,146 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $139,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period.  Finally, First Command Bank increased its position in  Weyerhaeuser by 73.1% in the second quarter. First Command Bank now owns 4,178 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $140,000 after buying an additional 1,765 shares during the period. 76.58% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 





A number of brokerages recently weighed in on WY. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 price objective on shares of Weyerhaeuser in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Zacks Investment Research cut Weyerhaeuser from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. Citigroup Inc.  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $39.00 price objective (up from $38.00) on shares of Weyerhaeuser in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price objective on shares of Weyerhaeuser in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, ValuEngine upgraded Weyerhaeuser from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating, seven have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Weyerhaeuser  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $36.56.
Weyerhaeuser Company Profile
Weyerhaeuser Company is a timber, land and forest products company. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned or controlled 13.1 million acres of timberlands, primarily in the United States, and manages additional timberlands under long-term licenses in Canada. The Company’s segments include Timberlands; Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources (Real Estate & ENR), and Wood Products.







Receive News & Ratings for Weyerhaeuser Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Weyerhaeuser Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Home - United Asset Strategies

































Top




































Planning for a Lifetime Starts Here

 Account Access  | Home
 


















Investment StrategiesUASI NewsletterAbout UASIFirm ProfileUASI in the NewsUASI TeamResourcesFinancial CalculatorsMarket SnapshotFeatured NewsFinancial BriefsStock QuotesCollege NavigatorServicesBlogContact Us  



























Planning for a lifetime
text1






Planning for a lifetime
text2






Planning for a lifetime







Planning for a lifetime







Planning for a lifetime







Planning for a lifetime







Planning for a lifetime 


























	Welcome

	At United Asset Strategies, our mission is to be a steward to our clients and to each other, ever mindful of our clients' unique financial goals and risk tolerances. United Asset Strategies believes that the single most important investment principle is diversification. We are committed to delivering customer service satisfaction and prudent, disciplined daily money management.

Our Blog































© 2017 United Asset Strategies, Inc  666 Old Country Road, Suite 104  Garden City, NY 11530 | P. 516-222-0021 | F. 516-222-0163 | info@unitedasset.com| Privacy Policy | ADV
 









 











 © 2017 United Asset Strategies. All Rights Reserved.
























Home - United Asset Strategies

































Top




































Planning for a Lifetime Starts Here

 Account Access  | Home
 


















Investment StrategiesUASI NewsletterAbout UASIFirm ProfileUASI in the NewsUASI TeamResourcesFinancial CalculatorsMarket SnapshotFeatured NewsFinancial BriefsStock QuotesCollege NavigatorServicesBlogContact Us  



























Planning for a lifetime
text1






Planning for a lifetime
text2






Planning for a lifetime







Planning for a lifetime







Planning for a lifetime







Planning for a lifetime







Planning for a lifetime 


























	Welcome

	At United Asset Strategies, our mission is to be a steward to our clients and to each other, ever mindful of our clients' unique financial goals and risk tolerances. United Asset Strategies believes that the single most important investment principle is diversification. We are committed to delivering customer service satisfaction and prudent, disciplined daily money management.

Our Blog































© 2017 United Asset Strategies, Inc  666 Old Country Road, Suite 104  Garden City, NY 11530 | P. 516-222-0021 | F. 516-222-0163 | info@unitedasset.com| Privacy Policy | ADV
 









 











 © 2017 United Asset Strategies. All Rights Reserved.





















United Asset Strategies Inc. | Wealthminder











































United Asset Strategies Inc.


United Asset Strategies Inc.
(CRD# 107434) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Garden City, NY.
They
manage $700,100,000 in 2,679 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 12 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



United Asset Strategies Inc.




666 Old Country Road,
Garden City,
NY
11530
516-222-0021
http://www.unitedasset.com




http://www.unitedasset.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

700
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

2,679
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$261,329







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CO, CT, FL, MA, MD, NH, NJ, NY, PA, VI, VT






Financial Advisors at United Asset Strategies Inc.








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














