
  UDF Stock Quote - United Development Funding IV - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  United Development Funding IV   UDF:US      Ticker Change   UDF:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0    Previous Close   3.20                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Previous Close   3.20    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Financials   % Price Change +0.03%     Industry Diversified Financials   % Price Change +0.15%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   United Development Funding IV invests in secured loans for the acquisitions and development of land into single-family home lots. The Fund will also makes investments in residential real estate in select geographic markets and securitized real estate loan pools. UDF IV invests in opportunities in Texas, United States.    Address  1301 Municipal WayThe UDF Building, Suite 100Grapevine, TX 76051United States   Phone  1-817-835-0650   Website   www.udfiv.com     Executives Board Members    Hollis M Greenlaw  Chairman/CEO    Cara D Obert  CFO/Treasurer    Stacey H Dwyer  Chief Operating Officer    David A Hanson  Chief Accounting Officer    Melissa H Youngblood  COO:Umth Land Development     Show More         



United Development Funding Iv Investors Take Action Against Broker-Dealers Who Sold Them Unsuitable UDF Products
















































Home
Free Case Evaluation
Attorneys
Blog












                                                                                United Development Funding                                                                




                                                                Investor Center                                                        





 Call Us For a Free Consultation
(888) 998-0520
No Recovery, No Fee or Costs *

 















Home
About Us
Legal Disclaimer
Blog



 
 
 






United Development Funding Iv Investors Take Action Against Broker-Dealers Who Sold Them Unsuitable UDF Products
 

United Development Funding investors represented by the Peiffer Rosca Wolf lawyers have started filing cases against brokerage firms that improperly recommended that they invest in UDF products.
In the wake of recent news that UDF IV had received a Wells Notice informing it of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s intention to pursue enforcement action, and its continued suspension from NASDAQ trading, many UDF IV investors represented by the Peiffer Rosca Wolf law firm have begun to take action.
The UDF investors are seeking compensation for their UDF investments from the broker-dealers who sold the UDF IV investment products.  The investors alleged that such brokerage firms made improper recommendations , disregarding those investors’ risk tolerance and investment profile and failing to adequately disclose the risks associated with the UDF investments.
Hundreds of UDF IV investors have contacted the Peiffer Rosca Wolf law firm to learn about their recovery options against the broker-dealers who sold inappropriate investment products.
The Peiffer Rosca Wolf lawyers are preparing to pursue more cases on behalf of investors, against several other broker-dealer firms that sold UDF products. They typically take cases on a contingency fee basis with no money down, advance the case expenses, and only get paid for their fees and expenses if and when they recover money for their clients.
Brokerage firms are required to offer investors products that are appropriate to the investors’ needs and investment plans. Peiffer Rosca Wolf attorneys have investigated the UDF IV case for months.
Investors who believe they lost money invested in UDF may contact the Peiffer Rosca Wolf attorneys Alan Rosca or James Booker, at 888-998-0520, or via email at arosca@prwlegal.com for a free, no obligation evaluation of their recovery options.











 
 
 




Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 

 

Important Case Records UDF investor Letter


  
About Us Peiffer Rosca Wolf is a nationwide litigation firm that has represented hundreds of investors who lost money in fraudulent investment schemes across the country. The firm has the size, expertise, resources, and manpower to prosecute complex cases against leading financial institutions nationwide.
 » Read More 
 
  


 




 Call Us for a Free Consultation (888) 998-0520 - No Recovery, No Fee or Costs* 

 






Press Releases » UDF IVEmail us Twitter - UDF IV Facebook - UDF IV Press ReleasesUnited Development Funding IV (Grey Mkt) Media Inquiries: Jeff Eller (469) 916-4883 or
Email: mediarelations@UDFIV.com
Display: All Press ReleasesEarnings ReleasesMerger ReleasesYear: All Years2017201620152014
                  Notify me when new press releases are posted to this site
                .
              Press ReleasesMore Press Releases...DateHeadlineFormat3/31/2017United Development Funding IV Announcement Regarding Unsolicited Tender Offer for Common Shares11/08/2016United Development Funding IV Announces Distribution10/25/2016United Development Funding IV Announcement Regarding Unsolicited Tender Offer for Common Shares10/24/2016Important Notice: UDF IV Tender Offer Response10/18/2016United Development Funding IV Receives Delisting Notice From Nasdaq9/14/2016Nasdaq Hearings Panel Grants Extension of Exception for Continued Listing of United Development Funding IV Shares8/26/2016United Development Funding IV Receives Additional NASDAQ Notice7/26/2016NASDAQ Hearings Panel Approves Continued Listing of United Development Funding IV Shares6/17/2016United Development Funding IV Obtains Further Stay on Nasdaq; Appeal Date Set6/08/2016United Development Funding IV Appoints EisnerAmper LLP as New Independent Registered Accounting Firm
                              Click the link to the right to download:
                              Adobe Acrobat
                               
                 Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseINVESTORSCorporate InformationCorporate ProfileGovernance DocumentsOfficers & DirectorsCommittee ChartingStock InformationStock QuoteHistoric PricesTotal Return CalculatorDistribution OptionsIRS Form 8937Financial DocumentsSEC FilingsAnnual ReportsNews & EventsPress ReleasesEvent CalendarPresentationsFact SheetFinancial InformationBalance SheetIncome StatementFinancial Information (As Reported)Financial Highlights ReportBalance SheetIncome StatementCash Flow StatementTearsheetOther InformationInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsIR Site MapINVESTOR SEARCH 
                Entire IR Site
                Press Releases Only
                Filings OnlyUnited Development Funding IV
            1301 Municipal Way, Suite 
            100
            Grapevine, Texas 76051
            Investor Relations:  1 (800) 859-9338NEWSINVESTORSTERMS & CONDITIONSPRIVACY POLICYCONTACT US© 2017 United Development Funding IV | All Rights Reserved.








United Development Funding IV - NASDAQ:UDF - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















United Development Funding IV (UDF)
Follow




                                    3.20
                                

3.85
54.61




                        NASDAQ : Financial
                    

Feb 18, 2016 1:32 PM EST












Prev Close
  7.05


Open
7.41


Day Low/High

                                    3.20 /
                                    7.41


52 Wk Low/High

                                    3.20 /
                                    19.00
                                


Volume
408.09K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
30.67M


Market Cap
98.15M


EPS
1.60


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            0.87
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            1.64
                                            (51.30%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









United Development Funding IV Receives Delisting Notice From Nasdaq











Nasdaq Hearings Panel Grants Extension Of Exception For Continued Listing Of United Development Funding IV Shares

















United Development Funding IV Receives Additional NASDAQ Notice


Aug 26, 2016 5:20 PM EDT













NASDAQ Hearings Panel Approves Continued Listing Of United Development Funding IV Shares


Jul 26, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













United Development Funding IV Obtains Further Stay On Nasdaq; Appeal Date Set


Jun 17, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













United Development Funding IV Appoints EisnerAmper LLP As New Independent Registered Accounting Firm


Jun 8, 2016 1:32 PM EDT













United Development Funding IV Receives Nasdaq Staff Determination Letter; Requests Hearing Before Listing Qualifications Panel


Jun 2, 2016 6:10 PM EDT













Independent Investigation Of United Development Funding IV Finds No Evidence Of Fraud
Investigation conducted by Thompson & Knight LLP and forensic accountants from a global accounting firm

May 17, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













United Development Funding IV Receives NASDAQ Notification Letter


Mar 21, 2016 5:35 PM EDT













SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Law Office Of Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces Investigation Of United Development Funding IV
Law Office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC announces an investigation of United Development Funding IV ("UDF" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: UDF) for potential violations of federal securities laws and breaches of the UDF Board's...

Feb 18, 2016 9:15 PM EST













United Development Funding IV Responds To Hedge Fund Attack


Feb 8, 2016 3:11 PM EST













The Wagner Firm Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against United Development Funding IV
The Wagner Firm announces that a class action complaint has been filed on behalf of a class of United Development Funding IV ("UDF IV" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: UDF) investors who purchased shares between June 4, 2015...

Feb 8, 2016 12:00 PM EST













SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders Of United Development Funding IV Of Class Action Lawsuit And A Lead Plaintiff Deadline Of February 19, 2016
The following statement is being issued by Levi & Korsinsky, LLP: To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of United Development Funding IV ("United Development" or the...

Feb 5, 2016 12:57 PM EST













UDF INVESTORS ALERT: Lieff Cabraser Reminds Investors Of Deadline In Class Action Against United Development Funding IV
The law firm of Lieff Cabraser Heimann & Bernstein, LLP reminds investors of the upcoming deadline to move for appointment as lead plaintiff in securities class litigation brought on behalf of investors who purchased...

Feb 4, 2016 2:29 PM EST













3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: DLNG, ERF, UDF
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Feb 4, 2016 10:30 AM EST













INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices Of Vincent Wong Notify Investors Of Class Action Involving United Development Funding IV And A Lead Plaintiff Deadline Of February 19, 2016
The Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the USDC for the Northern District of Texas on behalf of investors who purchased United Development Funding IV (NasdaqGS: UDF)...

Feb 1, 2016 11:44 AM EST













DEADLINE NOTICE: Scott + Scott, LLP Reminds UNITED DEVELOPMENT FUND IV (UDF) Investors Of Important Deadline, Recommends That Investors Contact Firm
Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP, a global investor rights law firm, reminds United Development Fund (UDF) investors that there is an important deadline coming up in the securities class action lawsuit filed under the...

Jan 26, 2016 11:49 AM EST













DEADLINE ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Shareholders Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In United Development Funding IV To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit
The securities litigation law firm of Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation, announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas on behalf of...

Jan 25, 2016 1:10 PM EST













February 19 Deadline Alert: Law Offices Of Howard G. Smith Reminds United Development Funding IV Investors Of Upcoming Lead Plaintiff Deadline
Law Offices of Howard G. Smith reminds investors of the upcoming  February 19, 2016 deadline to file a lead plaintiff motion in the class action filed on behalf of investors who purchased United Development...

Jan 25, 2016 10:30 AM EST













INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices Of Vincent Wong Notify Investors Of Class Action Involving United Development Funding IV And A Lead Plaintiff Deadline Of February 19, 2016
The Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the USDC for the Northern District of Texas on behalf of investors who purchased United Development Funding IV (NasdaqGS:UDF)...

Jan 19, 2016 1:43 PM EST













United Development Funding IV Becomes Oversold
The DividendRank formula at Dividend Channel ranks a coverage universe of thousands of dividend stocks, according to a proprietary formula designed to identify those stocks that combine two important characteristics — strong fundamentals and a valuation that looks inexpensive. United Development Funding IV presently has a stellar rank, in the top 10% of the coverage universe, which suggests it is among the top most "interesting" ideas that merit further research by investors.

Jan 15, 2016 11:39 AM EST













3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: UDF, RNF, CORR
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Jan 15, 2016 10:30 AM EST













UDF INVESTORS NOTICE: Lieff Cabraser Reminds Investors Of Deadline In Class Action Against United Development Funding IV
The law firm of Lieff Cabraser Heimann & Bernstein, LLP reminds investors of the upcoming deadline to move for appointment as lead plaintiff in securities class litigation brought on behalf of investors who purchased...

Jan 14, 2016 12:28 PM EST













UDF INVESTORS ALERT: Lieff Cabraser Announces Securities Class Action Against United Development Funding IV
The law firm of Lieff Cabraser Heimann & Bernstein, LLP announces that class action litigation has been brought on behalf of purchasers of the securities of United Development Funding IV ("UDF IV" or the "Company")...

Jan 7, 2016 2:29 PM EST













UNITED DEVELOPMENT FUNDING IV SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe And Powers Taylor Investigate Possible Breaches Of Fiduciary Duty By Officers And Directors
Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe, founder of The Briscoe Law Firm, PLLC, and the securities litigation firm of Powers Taylor LLP announce that a federal class action lawsuit...

Jan 6, 2016 12:36 PM EST













What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks RIGP, UDF, RNF
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Jan 6, 2016 10:30 AM EST













United Development Funding IV Announces Monthly Distribution For January 2016


Jan 5, 2016 4:41 PM EST













INVESTOR ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Shareholders Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In United Development Funding IV To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit
The securities litigation law firm of Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation, announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas on behalf of...

Jan 4, 2016 5:42 PM EST













INVESTOR NOTICE: Rosen Law Firm Reminds United Development Funding IV Investors Of Important Deadline In Class Action - UDF
Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, reminds purchasers of United Development Funding IV (NASDAQ: UDF) securities from June 4, 2014 through December 10, 2015, all dates inclusive (the "Class Period") of the...

Jan 4, 2016 10:41 AM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ABR, HSKA, SUP
    
Downgrades:  BBX, HQY, MANU, TK, UDF
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Dec 30, 2015 11:00 AM EST



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Monthly Pay Dividend Stocks: Your Three Lists For February

SeekingAlpha



Monthly Paid Dividend Dog December Trifecta Lists

SeekingAlpha



Walking Dead REIT

SeekingAlpha



United Development Funding IV (UDF) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for November 25, 2015

NASDAQ


































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















UDF - United Development Funding Investment Fraud Lawsuit














































Home
Free Case Evaluation
Attorneys
Blog












                                                                                United Development Funding                                                                




                                                                Investor Center                                                        





 Call Us For a Free Consultation
(888) 998-0520
No Recovery, No Fee or Costs *

 















Home
About Us
Legal Disclaimer
Blog



 
 
 






 The UDF Investor Center is the resource for investors in United Development Funding I, United Development Funding III, United Development Funding IV, and United Development Funding V who believe they lost money as a result of their investments in UDF programs. This website is not affiliated with UDF.
Recent blog postings by a renowned hedge fund manager who predicted the 2008 subprime debacle alleged that UDF is using new investor money to pay existing investors in Ponzi-like fashion, while UDF management is misleading investors. The allegations pertain to the UDF I, UDF III, UDF IV, and UDF V programs. Recent class actions on behalf of some investors in UDF IV make similar allegations as to that program.
The Peiffer Rosca Wolf law firm’s securities lawyers, Alan Rosca and Joe Peiffer, have been investigating UDF offerings to investors, and are preparing to take action and seek compensation on behalf of UDF investors. The focus of their cases is different from the recent class actions.
UDF investors, including investors who invested prior to June 2014, are encouraged to contact attorneys Alan Rosca or Joe Peiffer for more information or a free, no-obligation discussion about this matter, at 888-998-0520, by email at arosca@prwlegal.com, or through the contact form on this website. 

 



Tell us about your case 










Name:
 


Email:
  


Phone:
  


Message:
  


Captcha: 
 




 













 

Alan Rosca
 is a securities lawyer who also teaches securities regulation. Alan primarily represents individual and institutional investors who suffered losses as a result...  Read More 
 
 

 

Joe Peiffer 
 has represented hundreds of individual retirees against their investment advisors in FINRA arbitration, including a group of Exxon retirees in ...  Read More 
 
 











                                                                                                United Development Funding Under Investigation by Peiffer Rosca Wolf Securities Attorneys                                                                                        

 

The Peiffer Rosca Wolf securities practice attorneys Alan Rosca and Joe Peiffer are investigating the activities of United Development Funding (“UDF”) on behalf of investors in United Development Funding I, United Development Funding III, United Development Funding IV, and United Development Funding V. They are evaluating legal options on behalf of investors in those programs, including investors who purchased before June, 2014.
The Securities and Exchange Commission began its UDF investigation in April, 2014. UDF IV’s share price recently plummeted following allegations of Ponzi-like payments to existing investors with new investor money. In November, 2015, an UDF board member resigned and the auditor of UDF IV and the other public UDF affiliates auditor declined to stand for reappointment after having been approved by shareholders, without indicating that such declination is the result of any misconduct.
Class action lawsuits on behalf of some – but not all – of the UDF IV investors have recently been filed. UDF IV denied any misconduct.
Famed Hedge Fund Manager Claims UDF Management Is Perpetuating a Ponzi-like Real Estate Scheme
Famed hedge fund manager Kyle Bass, who predicted the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis, alleged on his website, www.udfexposed.com, that UDF is using new investor money to pay existing investors, therefore perpetuating a Ponzi-like scheme. Mr. Bass also claims UDF took advantage of investors by “using the complexity of real-estate backed loans and a UDF-controlled web of related entities to obscure the fact that UDF is using new investors’ money to make payments to existing investors, and thereby perpetuating the scheme.”  For more information about Mr. Bass’ position, as well as his trading in UDF IV, visit his website, www.udfexposed.com (Mr. Bass, his website, and his fund are not related in any way to this law firm or website).
Mr. Bass also singled out some of the investment advisors and brokerage firms that helped raise money for UDF programs from investors by “sacrificing best interest of clients for high fees and commissions.”
In a recent letter to investors, UDF IV disputed any allegations of misconduct.  The UDF IV share price plummeted following the allegations.
Peiffer Rosca Wolf Attorneys Investigating UDF
The Peiffer Rosca Wolf securities attorneys are investigating a number of different areas of concern on behalf of UDF investors, including investors who invested in UDF programs prior to June, 2014. The Peiffer Rosca Wolf attorneys are investigating, among others, whether or not UDF and its public affiliates, UDF I, UDF III, UDF IV, and UDF V, have engaged in any Ponzi-like activities or other misconduct involving loans and payments to affiliates and related entities.
The Peiffer Rosca Wolf securities lawyers are also investigating a number of brokerage firms’ sales practices involving recommendations for investors to invest in United Development Funding I, United Development Funding III, United Development Funding IV, United Development Funding V, and/or other investment programs sponsored by UDF.
Importantly, the allegations reported on this blog are just that and no finding of misconduct has been entered at this time by any court of law against UDF, its affiliates, control persons, or management.  Everyone is presumed innocent until and unless found guilty or liable by a court of law.
Contact Peiffer Rosca Wolf for a Free Evaluation
Peiffer Rosca Wolf’s securities practice attorneys often represent investors who lose money as a result of Ponzi schemes, investment fraud, or stockbroker misconduct. They are currently investigating the possibility of assisting UDF investors with the recovery of their losses, including investors who invested in UDF programs prior to June 2014. They take most cases of this type on a contingency fee basis and advance the case costs, and only get paid for their fees and costs out of money they recover for their clients.
Investors who believe they lost money as a result of investment fraud or misconduct may contact the securities lawyers at Peiffer Rosca Wolf, Alan Rosca or Joe Peiffer, for a free, no-obligation evaluation of their recovery options, at 888-998-0520, via email at arosca@prwlegal.com, or through the contact form on this website.
 
 

Important Case Updates





UDF Investors Represented by the Peiffer Rosca Wolf Securities Lawyers Pursuing More Securities Broker-Dealer Firms for Improper Sales of UDF Investment Products


 

UDF IV investors, together with investors in other UDF programs including UDF V and UDF III, continue to file claims against their broker-dealer firms through the Peiffer Rosca Wolf law firm. The Peiffer Rosca Wolf law firm’s securities lawyers have been filing new cases on behalf of UDF investors harmed by their investment in several…  Read more »
 
 
 






United Development Funding Iv Investors Take Action Against Broker-Dealers Who Sold Them Unsuitable UDF Products


 

United Development Funding investors represented by the Peiffer Rosca Wolf lawyers have started filing cases against brokerage firms that improperly recommended that they invest in UDF products. In the wake of recent news that UDF IV had received a Wells Notice informing it of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s intention to pursue enforcement action, and…  Read more »
 
 
 






United Development Funding Warned of Upcoming SEC Adverse Action, Announces Delisting of UDF IV Shares from NASDAQ Following Failure to Timely File Financial Reports; Peiffer Rosca Wolf Lawyers Filing More UDF Investor Claims


 

United Development Funding, a Texas-based real estate investment trust announced UDF investors yesterday that UDF IV would be delisted from trading on NASDAQ following its failure to timely file its financial statements after a second extension, and in the wake of its receipt of a “Wells Notice” from the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). A…  Read more »
 
 
 






United Development Funding IV Unable To Timely File Quarterly Report


 

Embattled Texas-based real estate investment trust United Development Funding IV (“UDF IV”) stated that it was unable to timely file a quarterly report required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in a filing on Wednesday, August 10. UDF IV reported its failure in a document filed with the SEC on Wednesday. The filing was…  Read more »
 
 
 






United Development Funding IV Issues Press Release Stating NASDAQ Determined To Delist Shares; Peiffer Rosca Wolf Attorneys Investigating


 

​On Thursday, United Development Funding IV (“UDF IV”) issued a press release stating that it received notice on May 26, 2016, from NASDAQ that the NASDAQ determined to delist UDF IV securities unless UDF IV met certain conditions. In the press release, UDF IV indicated that NASDAQ determined that UDF IV was not in compliance…  Read more »
 
 
 






UDF IV Discloses Default on $35 Million Loan, Suspends Distributions to Shareholders


 

United Development Funding IV, the embattled UDF-sponsored program, disclosed yesterday in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it had defaulted on a $35 million loan and had entered into a forbearance agreement with the lender. According to the filing, UDF IV acknowledged that certain events of default had occurred and stated that…  Read more »
 
 
 






UDF IV Showing Zero Value on Investors’ Statements


 

United Development Funding IV’s (“UDF IV”) value on some investors’ statements has now been reduced to zero, the Peiffer Rosca Wolf investor right lawyers have learned.  Trading of UDF IV shares on a national stock exchange was halted in February after news that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”) raided UDF’s Texas offices and removed…  Read more »
 
 
 






United Development Funding V Fails to Timely File Annual Report, Other Required Records; Peiffer Rosca Wolf Lawyers Continuing Their Investigation


 

United Development Funding V (“UDF V”) recently filed a notice with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), stating that it would be unable to timely file required SEC reports including its annual report. UDF V is part of the United Development Funding family of companies, which includes UDF IV and UDF III, which are currently…  Read more »
 
 
 






United Development Funding IV Told It Is Not In Compliance With Stock Exchange Rules


 

United Development Funding IV (“UDF IV”), a Texas real estate investment trust recently suspended from trading by NASDAQ in the wake of an FBI raid of its headquarters and the service of grand jury subpoenas, recently filed a document with the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that it was found not to be in compliance…  Read more »
 
 
 






United Development Funding Suspends Distribution Payments to UDF III Investors


 

Texas-based United Development Funding (“UDF”) recently suspended distribution payments to investors in the UDF III fund. The company had been paying distributions on a monthly basis. This announcement comes after recent news surrounding UDF including allegations of being a Ponzi scheme made by a hedge fund investor, the resignation of a UDF IV board member,…  Read more »
 
 
 

← Previous12Next →


 

Important Case Records UDF investor Letter


  
About Us Peiffer Rosca Wolf is a nationwide litigation firm that has represented hundreds of investors who lost money in fraudulent investment schemes across the country. The firm has the size, expertise, resources, and manpower to prosecute complex cases against leading financial institutions nationwide.
 » Read More 
 
  


 




 Call Us for a Free Consultation (888) 998-0520 - No Recovery, No Fee or Costs* 

 








United Development Funding IV: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















united development funding iv
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: REIT
United Development Funding IV invests in secured loans for the acquisitions and development of land into single-family home lots. The Fund will also makes investments in residential real estate in select geographic markets and securitized real estate loan pools. UDF IV invests in opportunities in Texas, United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1301 Municipal Way
The UDF Building, Suite 100
Grapevine, TX 76051
United States


Phone:
1-817-835-0650


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.udfiv.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Hollis Greenlaw
United Development Funding IV








Trustee
Company


Phillip Marshall
Rci Hospitality Holdings Inc










Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Delisting of Securities of comScore, Inc., United Development Funding IV, First NBC Bank Holding Company, and Inspired Entertai

May 17, 2017



MacKenzie Capital Management, LP announces an Offer to purchase  shares of United Development Funding IV (OTCMKTS: UDFI)

Apr 05, 2017



MacKenzie Capital Management, LP announces an Offer to purchase  shares of United Development Funding IV (OTCMKTS: UDFI)

Apr 05, 2017



United Development Funding IV Announcement Regarding Unsolicited Tender Offer for Common Shares

Mar 31, 2017






Key Executives


Hollis M Greenlaw


Chairman/CEO




Cara D Obert


CFO/Treasurer




Stacey H Dwyer


Chief Operating Officer




David A Hanson


Chief Accounting Officer




Melissa H Youngblood


COO:Umth Land Development







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









SEC Filings » UDF IVEmail us Twitter - UDF IV Facebook - UDF IV SEC Filings Notify me of new Regulatory Filings and Reports posted to this site.
               View Insider related Regulatory Filings: Forms 3, 4 & 5.
            
               View Document Grouping descriptions
            All Documents10-K10-QAnnual ReportProxyOtherAll Years201720162015201420132012HighlightsFiling DescriptionFiling TypeFiling DateEvent DateOptionsLatest 10-Q10-Q11/9/20159/30/2015Other FilingsFiling DescriptionFiling TypeFiling DateEvent DateOptionsDeregistration of Securities25-NSE5/18/2017United Development Funding IV8-K8-K5/17/20175/17/2017United Development Funding IVAbstract: 8-K filed by United Development Funding IV (UDFI) covering Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.Non-timely Filing NoticeNT 10-Q5/11/20173/31/2017United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant filed a notification of delinquency filing to report that its Form 10-Q will not be filed in a timely manner due to the lack of final financials for the quarter ended March 31.Non-Issuer TenderSC TO-T/A5/10/2017United Development Funding IV8-K8-K5/8/20175/8/2017United Development Funding IVAbstract: 8-K filed by United Development Funding IV (UDFI) covering Regulation FD Disclosure and Financial Statements and Exhibits.Non-Issuer TenderSC TO-T/A4/5/2017United Development Funding IVNon-Issuer TenderSC 14D93/31/2017United Development Funding IVNon-Issuer TenderSC TO-T/A3/29/2017United Development Funding IVNon-Issuer TenderSC TO-T3/20/2017United Development Funding IVNon-timely Filing NoticeNT 10-K3/17/201712/31/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant filed a notification of delinquency filing to report that its Form 10-K will not be filed in a timely manner due to lack of final financials for the year ended Dec. 31, 2016.8-K8-K1/26/20171/20/2017United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that on Jan. 20, the Nasdaq Listing and Hearing Review Council affirmed the decision of the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to effect a trading suspension of the registrant's common shares and to delist the registrant’s securities from the Nasdaq Stock Market.8-K8-K12/30/201612/30/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that on Dec. 1 and Dec. 22, it issued formal written submissions in support of its appeal to the Nasdaq Listing and Hearing Review Council. Registrant reported that on Dec. 23, it, together with United Development Funding III LP submitted a joint response to Wells notices from the staff of the SEC’s division of enforcement.Non-Issuer TenderSC TO-T/A12/6/2016United Development Funding IVNon-timely Filing NoticeNT 10-Q11/10/20169/30/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant filed a notification of delinquency filing to report that its Form 10-Q will not be filed in a timely manner without incurring unreasonable effort and expense.13-DSC 13G/A11/9/2016United Development Funding IV8-K8-K11/8/201611/8/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On Nov. 8, registrant declared a distribution of 8 cents per share, payable Nov. 28 to shareholders as of Nov. 18.Non-Issuer TenderSC 14D9/A11/4/2016United Development Funding IVNon-Issuer TenderSC TO-T/A10/24/2016United Development Funding IVNon-Issuer TenderSC 14D910/24/2016United Development Funding IV8-K8-K10/18/201610/17/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On Oct. 18, registrant announced that it received a written notification letter from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  indicating that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel determined to delist the shares of the registrant from Nasdaq because the registrant has not filed its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015, and its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31 and June 30 by Oct. 17.Non-Issuer TenderSC TO-T/A10/12/2016United Development Funding IVNon-Issuer TenderSC TO-T10/11/2016United Development Funding IV8-K8-K10/3/20169/29/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that it repaid all remaining outstanding principal and interest under $35 million term loan to Waterfall Eden Master Fund Ltd. and certain other parties on Sept. 29.8-K8-K9/14/20169/14/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On Sept. 14, registrant announced that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel granted an extension of the exception granted for continued listing of the registrant’s common shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market.8-K8-K8/26/20168/22/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On Aug. 26, registrant announced that it received formal notice from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department, indicating that because the registrant failed to timely file its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, the Nasdaq Hearings Panel will consider the additional deficiency in connection with the registrant’s request for the continued listing of its securities on Nasdaq.8-K8-K8/10/20168/4/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that on Aug. 4, it, Waterfall Eden Master Fund Ltd. and certain other parties entered into amendment No. 1 to the forbearance agreement to extend the forbearance period from Aug. 4 to Sept. 30.Non-timely Filing NoticeNT 10-Q8/10/20166/30/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant filed a notification of delinquency filing to report that its Form 10-Q will not be filed in a timely manner without incurring unreasonable effort and expense.8-K8-K7/26/20167/25/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On July 26, registrant announced that a Nasdaq Hearings Panel determined to continue the listing of the registrant's common shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.8-K8-K6/8/20166/8/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On June 8, registrant announced the appointment of EisnerAmper LLP to be its independent registered public accounting firm.8-K8-K6/3/20165/26/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On June 2, registrant announced that it received notice on May 26, from the listing qualifications staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC that the listing qualifications staff determined to delist the registrant’s securities unless the registrant timely requests a hearing before the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel.8-K8-K5/23/20165/17/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that on May 17, it and certain other parties entered into a forbearance agreement effective March 4 pursuant to which the registrant acknowledged the occurrence of certain events of default and the lenders agreed to forbear from exercising any of their default-related rights against the registrant until Aug. 4.Non-timely Filing NoticeNT 10-Q5/11/20163/31/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant filed a notification of delinquency filing to report that its Form 10-Q will not be filed in a timely manner because of the resignation on Nov. 19, 2015, of Whitley Penn LLP, its independent auditing firm and the inability thus far to engage a new independent auditing firm.8-K8-K3/21/20163/17/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On March 21, registrant announced that the it received a notification letter dated March 17, from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of NASDAQ Stock Market LLC stating that the registrant is not in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1).8-K8-K2/22/20162/18/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that on Feb. 18, law enforcement authorities executed a search warrant at the corporate office of the registrant in Grapevine, Texas.8-K8-K2/11/20162/5/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that on Feb. 5, the United Development Funding IV and the Waterfall Finance 4 LLC entered into amendment No. 1 to the amended and restated promissory note.13-DSC 13G1/28/2016United Development Funding IV8-K8-K1/5/20161/5/2016United Development Funding IVAbstract: On Jan. 5, registrant declared a distribution of 13.67 cents per share, payable Jan. 25 to shareholders as of Jan. 15.8-K8-K12/14/201512/14/2015United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that on Dec. 14, it issued a response to certain anonymous Internet posts. The response was included by exhibit.8-K8-K12/11/201512/10/2015United Development Funding IVAbstract: On Dec. 10, registrant and United Development Funding III announced that they provided a response to market rumors.8-K8-K11/24/201511/19/2015United Development Funding IVAbstract: Registrant reported that on Nov. 19, Whitley Penn LLP informed the registrant that it declined to stand for reappointment to be registrant’s independent registered public accounting firm. The letter was included by exhibit.  1 2 3 ... Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseINVESTORSCorporate InformationCorporate ProfileGovernance DocumentsOfficers & DirectorsCommittee ChartingStock InformationStock QuoteHistoric PricesTotal Return CalculatorDistribution OptionsIRS Form 8937Financial DocumentsSEC FilingsAnnual ReportsNews & EventsPress ReleasesEvent CalendarPresentationsFact SheetFinancial InformationBalance SheetIncome StatementFinancial Information (As Reported)Financial Highlights ReportBalance SheetIncome StatementCash Flow StatementTearsheetOther InformationInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsIR Site MapINVESTOR SEARCH 
                Entire IR Site
                Press Releases Only
                Filings OnlyUnited Development Funding IV
            1301 Municipal Way, Suite 
            100
            Grapevine, Texas 76051
            Investor Relations:  1 (800) 859-9338NEWSINVESTORSTERMS & CONDITIONSPRIVACY POLICYCONTACT US© 2017 United Development Funding IV | All Rights Reserved.