














Equipment Rental for Construction and Industrial Sites | United Rentals



















 

























This site requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript to continue
        using this site.




















                      SIGN IN / REGISTER                    


 Find A Location Customer Care




                    English                  






                            Español                          



                            Français                          










                ×
              




 
                        SIGN IN / REGISTER                      

 Find A Location Customer Care





Rent Equipment
Used Equipment
Solutions
Services
Safety & Training
Our Company
 









                          Call us                        




















                      Search                    








                      Your Cart                    


















      ×
    




Search form

Search 





 



















    Rent Now  



Buy Used Equipment 

PDF versions of catalog 
 








Rent what you need with the click of a button.Now you can easily source, quote, rent, schedule and track your equipment - anywhere, anytime, from any device. Your job starts here. 



Get Started 



Buy Used 
 

















              Find A Location            

              Search 880+ locations in the US and Canada.            





                  ENTER ZIP, CITY OR STATE                







              Browse by State or Province 
















FEATURED


 

          United Rentals and RLL Racing talk "Turns for Troops" at Indy Motor Speedway        








              VIDEO            





 

          United Rentals Supports SoldierStrong with Turns for Troops        








              Press Release            





 

          United Rentals Completes Acquisition of NES Rentals        








              Press Release            






 






Featured Product



    Electric Scissor Lift, 30'-33'
  







        View Scissor Lifts
      


 
 







    Power & HVAC  

Keep power and air flowing.




Get the power to manage your equipment.

More about Power and HVAC 





    Tool Solutions  

Keep your crews working.




Tool rental solutions.

More about Tool Solutions 





    Pump Solutions  

Complete pump rental solutions.




Industrial & commercial applications.

More about Pump Solutions 




 








LATEST NEWS


July 20th
				Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call and Audio Webcast			

			




Date: Thursday, July 20, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. (ET)  

Webcast Link 




 






FEATURED



			Project: Uptime Featured Article		





        Construction Job Site Precautions for Warm Weather      


          Read More        





 




















Delivery Fee
This Delivery fee can be avoided if you elect the "In-Store Pickup" option instead of delivery

×



Environmental
United Rentals applies an environmental charge to rented equipment that contains an internal combustion engine, hydraulic oils or similar components. The charge is 1.30% of the rental charge for equipment with a maximum charge of $75. The charge is designed to recover the company’s direct and indirect expenses for the handling, managing and disposing of waste products, hazardous materials and related administrative costs.
Some of our indirect expenses include, but are not limited to, the handling and managing of wastewater disposal, oil and fuel spills, fuel storage and management, fees paid to regulatory agencies and fees paid to vendors. Some of our direct environmental expenses include proper disposal of products from the care, maintenance and operation of equipment including used oil filters, spent oil absorbent, parts cleaners, scrap tires and waste antifreeze. This is not a government-mandated charge.

×



Rental Protection Plan
The Rental Protection Plan is not insurance. The Rental Protection Plan is optional and only available to direct commercial customers. When you purchase the Rental Protection Plan product, you will not be held responsible for the full replacement value of damaged or stolen equipment. If something does go wrong, you will be responsible for 10% of the damage costs or $500.00, whichever is less*.
Upon accepting the Rental Protection Plan, the customer agrees to pay a percentage based on the rented equipment, and in return United Rentals agrees to waive certain claims for accidental damage to or theft of the aforementioned equipment occurring during normal and careful use. The customer remains liable for all other damages as set forth in the conditions found in Addendum 1 to the Rental Agreement.
*Customer agrees that it will use its best efforts to protect the equipment from loss, theft or damage at all times during the rental period, and until the equipment is retrieved and in the Company’s possession.

×



























United Rentals (North America), Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 3:19 PM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of United Rentals (North America), Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
United Rentals (North America), Inc. operates as an equipment rental company. It operates in two segments, General Rentals; and Trench, Power, and Pump. The General Rentals segment engages in the rental of general construction and industrial equipment, such as backhoes, skid-steer loaders, forklifts, earthmoving equipment, and material handling equipment; aerial work platforms, such as boom lifts and scissor lifts; and general tools and light equipment comprising pressure washers, water pumps, and power tools. This segment serves construction and industrial companies, manufacturers, utilities, municipalities, and homeowners. The Trench, Power, and Pump segment is involved in the rental of sp...
United Rentals (North America), Inc. operates as an equipment rental company. It operates in two segments, General Rentals; and Trench, Power, and Pump. The General Rentals segment engages in the rental of general construction and industrial equipment, such as backhoes, skid-steer loaders, forklifts, earthmoving equipment, and material handling equipment; aerial work platforms, such as boom lifts and scissor lifts; and general tools and light equipment comprising pressure washers, water pumps, and power tools. This segment serves construction and industrial companies, manufacturers, utilities, municipalities, and homeowners. The Trench, Power, and Pump segment is involved in the rental of specialty construction products, including trench safety equipment, such as trench shields, aluminum hydraulic shoring systems, slide rails, crossing plates, construction lasers, and line testing equipment for underground work; power and HVAC equipment, which consists of portable diesel generators, electrical distribution equipment, and temperature control equipment; and pumps primarily used by energy and petrochemical customers. It serves construction companies involved in infrastructure projects, municipalities, and industrial companies. The company also sells new equipment, such as aerial lifts, reach forklifts, telehandlers, compressors, and generators; contractor supplies, including construction consumables, tools, small equipment, and safety supplies; and parts for equipment that are owned by the company’s customers, as well as provides repair and maintenance services. It sells its used equipment through its sales force, brokers, and Website, as well as at auctions and directly to manufacturers. As of January 1, 2017, the company operated 887 rental locations in the United States and Canada. The company is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut. United Rentals (North America), Inc. is a subsidiary of United Rentals, Inc.
Detailed Description


100 First Stamford PlaceSuite 700Stamford, CT 06902United States



Phone: 203-622-3131








Key Executives for United Rentals (North America), Inc.




Mr. Michael J. Kneeland


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. William B. Plummer


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 58
        







Ms. Jessica T. Graziano


      	Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Craig Adam Pintoff


      	Chief Administrative & Legal Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Martin E. Welch III


      	Executive Vice President
      


Age: 69
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

United Rentals (North America), Inc. Key Developments

United Rentals (North America), Inc. Announces Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation
Jun 2 17
United Rentals (North America), Inc. announced filing a certificate of change of registered agent and registered office (the certificate of change) to change the company's registered agent and registered office in Delaware with the secretary of state of the state of Delaware. The certificate of change has the effect of amending article ii of the third amended and restated certificate of incorporation.


United Rentals Announces Partial Redemption of 7.625% Senior Notes Due 2022
Jun 1 17
United Rentals, Inc. announced that its subsidiary, United Rentals (North America), Inc. has given notice of its intention to redeem $250 million of the outstanding $475 million principal amount of its 7.625% Senior Notes due 2022 (CUSIP Number 911365AZ7) (the “Notes”) on June 30, 2017 (the “Redemption Date”). The Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Depositary for redemption in accordance with the Depositary’s applicable procedures. The Notes will be redeemed at a redemption price of 103.813% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. URNA has instructed Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the trustee for the Notes, to distribute a Notice of Redemption to all registered holders of the Notes on June 1, 2017.


United Rentals Announces Partial Redemption of 7.625% Senior Notes Due 2022
Oct 24 16
United Rentals, Inc. announced that its subsidiary, United Rentals (North America), Inc. has given notice of its intention to redeem $850 million of the outstanding $1.325 billion principal amount of its 7.625% Senior Notes due 2022 on November 23, 2016 (the “Redemption Date”). The Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Depositary for redemption in accordance with the Depositary’s applicable procedures. The Notes will be redeemed at a redemption price currently estimated to be 106.418% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. URNA has instructed Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the trustee for the Notes, to distribute a Notice of Redemption to all registered holders of the Notes on October 24, 2016. URNA expects to use the net proceeds from its offering of 5.50% Senior Notes due 2027, which is expected to close November 7, 2016, and additional borrowings of $166 million under its senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility to redeem the Notes and to pay related expenses.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 195 Lumber Company United States 2 J Supply, Inc. United States 21st Century Equipment, LLC United States 31-W Insulation Co., Inc. United States 3D Mechanical/Service Co., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      January 25, 2017
			    
NES Rentals Holdings, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact United Rentals (North America), Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































United Rentals North America, Inc - Supplier | Ecuador | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





United Rentals North America, Inc

United Rentals North America Inc is an overseas supplier in Estados Unidos that exports products to Manacripex Cialtda via Everglades.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of United Rentals North America, Inc and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 SIZA MOROCHO RAUL                            

 WITTRACO DUNGEMITTEL GMBH                            

 FUSION AUTOMOTIVE                            

 CLAAS SERVICE AND PARTS GMBH                            

 MISTY FLETT                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for United Rentals North America, Inc
United Rentals North America Inc is an overseas supplier in Estados Unidos that exports products to Manacripex Cialtda via Everglades.


            Bill of Lading        





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



United Rentals North America Inc


Manacripex Cialtda



Origin
Destination



Estados Unidos


Ecuador



Product Description





                                        MONTACARGAS                                    

                                        MONTACARGAS                                    





Other Information Available




Gross Weight (KG), Package Type, Net Weight, Port, FOB (USD), Freight (USD), Insurance (USD), CIF (USD), HS Code Description, Vessel, Declaration Number, Declaration, Operation Type








Arrival Date2013-05-31 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for United Rentals North America, Inc Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever United Rentals North America, Inc clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact United Rentals North America, Inc










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









United Rentals North America, Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 30,415,872 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Duran Jesus                                



                                    Yunfu Tianzi Trading Company Ltd                                



                                    Pincay Alvarado Vicente Fernando                                



                                    Changzhou Amass Electronics Co., Ltd                                



                                    Alexia Hofinger                                











                     
                                            30,415,872  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.5134
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X


























 




United Rentals (north America), Inc.                                                                                     - East Syracuse                                     , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



East Syracuse



Equipment Rental and Leasing, Nec



Equipment Rental And Leasing, Nec



                            United Rentals (north America), Inc.
                                    



 





















U 


United Rentals (north America), Inc.                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7178 SCHUYLER RD EAST SYRACUSE, NY 13057
Get Directions



(315) 463-6974
www.unitedrentals.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 20
 Industries Equipment Rental And Leasing, Nec
 Contacts Tony Esce                                                                                                               







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







U

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

































































	United Rentals (North America), Inc. - Locations, Sale & Lease Transaction History and Property Information


































United Rentals (North America), Inc.
View information on current and former United Rentals (North America), Inc. building locations. Find leasing information, previous sales and currently active for sale and lease listings of properties where United Rentals (North America), Inc. is located.  Research United Rentals (North America), Inc. information, location photos and more.




Share on social networks






Tweet





























































Summary of United Rentals (North America), Inc. Related Properties



Active Sale Listings
14


Active Lease Listings
16


Historical Sale Listings
177


Historical Lease Listings
169


Property Records
592





Nearby Tenants

RSC Equipment Rental Inc
Prime Equipment
R S C Equipment Rental
RSC Equipment Rental
Rental Service Corp
Atlas Copco Rental Svc Corp
Atlas Copco Rental Svc. Corp.
Rental Service
Prime Equipment Inc
Coble Trench Safety Inc



Get Advice from the LoopNet Community
Visit LoopNet Answers 


























                            This LoopNet United Rentals (North America), Inc. tenant and owner information is organized and aggregated from public records and the millions of
                            historical and current sale and lease listings provided by members of the LoopNet commercial real estate marketplace.
                        

                            To see how to get complete access to all of this United Rentals (North America), Inc. listing and property information,
                            register for free:
                        

Become a FREE Member

                                Already a member? Log In





For Sale and Lease History

Property Records





United Rentals (North America), Inc. has been a past or current tenant within the buildings involved in these sale and lease transactions.

							Sort by 
                            Status
State
Property Type

Status
State
Property Type












1000 Chatham Center Drive

Savannah, GA
33.89 acres located within Chatham Center, Savannah's only Class A office park.  Quick access to I-16 with I-16 frontage.  This is an excell...



$8,472,500
33.89 AC
1
Commercial/Other (land)














112 W Lind St

Mankato, MN
There are currently 8 lots available for sale at this location.



$731,808 - $1,202,256
1.50 - 2.30 AC
8
Commercial/Other (land)














1820 Central Ave NE

East Grand Forks, MN
Property located on busy EGF corridor. Main building consists of retail/office space of 4,900 sqft, attached heated shop (46x64) with 2 OH d...



$595,000
15,780 SF Bldg
Warehouse














1500 S. Broadway

Salina, KS
Former Construction/ Equipment Rental location
100% fenced lot
5 separate buildings
1.9 acres
C-5 Zoning



$375,000
7,440 SF Bldg
0 AC
Industrial-Business Park














9154 Woodend Road

Edwardsville, KS
2,500, 5,000 & 10,000 SF bays available with office area built to tenant' s specs, overhead drive-in loading doors, 18'-22' warehouse clear...



2,500 - 10,000 SF
$8.50 - $8.75 /SF/Year
$0.71 - $0.73 /SF/Month
2 Spaces
15,000 SF Bldg
Warehouse














729 S Westover Blvd

Albany, GA
Marcus & Millichap is pleased to present this Sunbelt Rentals property located in Albany, Georgia.  The subject property is a 6,640-square-f...



$578,600
6,280 SF Bldg
2.30 AC
9.50% Cap Rate
Warehouse














4900 E. Loop 820 S.

Fort Worth, TX
Sale Lease Back Opportunity on the SW Corner of I-820 and Hwy-28715 Year Leaseback with 3% Rent Increases Every 2 YearsThree Class A Industr...



$2,800,000
15,620 SF Bldg
1.93 AC
Warehouse














26 Marsh Ct

Madison, WI
10,000 SF (6,000 SF warehouse/shop; 4,000 SF office/showroom) @ $9.50/SF, NNN; expenses by tenant.  Zoning: IL; 5 drive-in doors; 16'-20' cl...



10,000 SF
$9.50 /SF/Year
$0.79 /SF/Month
1 Space
10,000 SF Bldg
2 AC
Office Showroom














4301 Murchison Rd

Fayetteville, NC
Former united Rentals industrial equipment rental facility. This ready to occupy facility sits on 3.03 acres , is fully fenced and gated. Th...



7,000 SF
$11.14 /SF/Year
$0.93 /SF/Month
1 Space
7,000 SF Bldg
3.03 AC
Warehouse














1101 Rockies Cir

Rock Springs, WY
Marcus & Millichap is pleased to present for sale this asset that is fully leased by United Rental Realty. This location consists of approxi...



$1,575,000
8,500 SF Bldg
3.85 AC
3.85% Cap Rate
Warehouse














557 Industrial Blvd

Naples, FL
United Rentals, a national tenant, has occupied this location almost 20 years.  Currently the tenant has two years remaining on their lease...



$2,600,000
15,000 SF Bldg
2.49 AC
5.57% Cap Rate
Warehouse














112 W Lind Street

Mankato, MN
Prime Development Land in Mankato.



$731,808 - $1,202,256
1.40 - 2.30 AC
8
Commercial/Other (land)














147 Jack Miller Blvd

Clarksville, TN
Single occupancy retail location leased to national equipment rental company. Five years remaining on lease. Extensive, satisfactory payment...



$1,095,000
6,344 SF Bldg
1.95 AC
6.50% Cap Rate
Free Standing Bldg














112 W Lind Street

Mankato, MN
Prime Development Land in Mankato. 8 continuous parcels sold together as a package or can be sold separately.



$2,600,000
15.80 AC
1
Commercial/Other (land)














9785 Maroon Circle

Englewood, CO
Overlooking a Jack Nicklaus designed golf course, Meridian One has breathtaking mountain views and easy access to I-25, C-470 and Lincoln Av...



1,492 - 36,048 SF
$6.50 - $8.50 /SF/Year
$0.54 - $0.71 /SF/Month
8 Spaces
139,269 SF Bldg
Office Building








No Photo





9785 Maroon Circle

Englewood, CO




1,492 - 36,048 SF
$13.50 /SF/Year
$1.13 /SF/Month
9 Spaces
138,440 SF Bldg
Office Building














9785 Maroon Circle

Englewood, CO
Class A Building with Atrium.  Great mountain & golf course views with a private patio.



13,402 SF
$15 /SF/Year
$1.25 /SF/Month
1 Space
139,269 SF Bldg
Office Building














Nine Mile Road

Pensacola, FL
63.47 Acres of Prime Development Land with 2,200 Front Feet on Nine Mile Road.  Front Portion of Property is for Commercial Use, Rear of Pro...



$13,800,000
63.47 AC
1
Retail (land)








No Photo





9785 S Maroon Circle

Englewood, CO
Amenities: exercise room, locker rooms with showers, common conference room, ample parking, on-site property manager

Meridian One overlooks...



4,389 SF
$10 /SF/Year
$0.83 /SF/Month
1 Space
139,851 SF Bldg
Office Building














190 Ninth Ave

Runnemede, NJ
Former DHL facility. Building can be expanded by 25,000 sf. Trailer and delivery truck parking available adjacent to both sides of the build...



Not Available
Negotiable
Negotiable
58,210 SF Bldg
6.25 AC
Distribution Warehouse








    Page: 



    1
2
3

 ... 
6



        Next Page
        



















Contact Us



Help
Add Listings
About Us
Products
Advertise
Blog
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
©  LoopNet, Inc.


Partners:
BizBuySell
LandAndFarm
BizQuest
















































This page requires scripting to be enabled.


This page requires scripting to be enabled.

SAFER Web - Company Snapshot UNITED RENTALS NORTH AMERICA INC



This Pages requires Javascript

 


 


SAFER Layout


SAFER Table Layout

SAFER Layout




SAFER Layout









Query Result





Information

USDOT Number

MC/MX Number

Name



SAFER Table Layout
Enter Value: 



SAFER Table Layout









Company Snapshot




UNITED RENTALS NORTH AMERICA INC
   USDOT Number: 899748







Other Information Options for this carrier


Carrier Information


Other Information for this Carrier




SMS Results


Licensing & Insurance




ID/Operations |
  Inspections/Crashes In US |
  Inspections/Crashes In Canada |
  Safety Rating


Carriers:  If you would like to update the following ID/Operations
  information, please complete and submit form
  MCS-150

  which can be obtained
  
online
  or from your State FMCSA office.  If you would like to challenge the accuracy of your company's
  safety data, you can do so using FMCSA's DataQs system.
  
Carrier and other users: FMCSA provides the Company Safety Profile (CSP) to motor carriers and
the general public interested in obtaining greater detail on a
particular motor carrier's safety performance then what is captured in
the Company Snapshot.  To obtain a CSP please visit the CSP order
page or call (800)832-5660 or (703)280-4001 (Fee Required).
  
  For help on the explanation of individual data fields, click on any
  field name or for help of a general nature go to
  SAFER General Help.

The information below reflects the content of the FMCSA management
  information systems as of 
  07/20/2017.   Carrier VMT Outdated.



SAFER Layout


Entity Type:


    CARRIER
     



Operating Status:
 AUTHORIZED FOR Property 
Out of Service Date:
 None 


Legal Name:
UNITED RENTALS NORTH AMERICA INC 

DBA Name:
UNITED RENTALS 

Physical Address:

     3120 SPUR 482
     IRVING, TX   75062
     

Phone:
(209) 324-7760 

Mailing Address:

     PO BOX 4366
     MODESTO, CA   95352
     

USDOT Number:
899748 
State Carrier ID Number:
 

MC/MX/FF Number(s):

 MC-415505
 
 
DUNS Number:
-- 

Power Units:
3,624 
Drivers:
3,982 

MCS-150 Form Date:
04/12/2016 
MCS-150 Mileage (Year):
151,299,000 (2014) 


Operation Classification:



Operation Classification





SAFER Layout


X
Auth. For Hire


Exempt For Hire

X
Private(Property)


Priv. Pass. (Business)





SAFER Layout



Priv. Pass.(Non-business)


Migrant


U.S. Mail


Fed. Gov't






SAFER Layout



State Gov't


Local Gov't


Indian Nation











Carrier Operation:



Carrier Operation





SAFER Layout


X
Interstate






SAFER Layout



Intrastate Only (HM)






SAFER Layout



Intrastate Only (Non-HM)










Cargo Carried:



Cargo Carried




SAFER Layout



General Freight


Household Goods

X
Metal: sheets, coils, rolls

X
Motor Vehicles


Drive/Tow away


Logs, Poles, Beams, Lumber

X
Building Materials


Mobile Homes

X
Machinery, Large Objects


Fresh Produce





SAFER Layout



Liquids/Gases


Intermodal Cont.


Passengers


Oilfield Equipment


Livestock


Grain, Feed, Hay


Coal/Coke


Meat


Garbage/Refuse


US Mail





SAFER Layout



Chemicals


Commodities Dry Bulk


Refrigerated Food


Beverages


Paper Products


Utilities


Agricultural/Farm Supplies

X
Construction


Water Well

















ID/Operations |
  Inspections/Crashes In US |
  Inspections/Crashes In Canada |
  Safety Rating


US Inspection results for 24 months prior to: 
  07/20/2017

  Total Inspections: 2050
  Total IEP Inspections: 0
Note: Total inspections may be less than the sum of vehicle, driver, and
  hazmat inspections. Go to Inspections Help for further
  information.



Inspections:


Inspection Type
Vehicle
Driver
Hazmat
IEP

Inspections
1547
2034
86
0

Out of Service
242
36
7
0

Out of Service %

     15.6%
    

     1.8%
    

     8.1%
    

	     0%
	    

Nat'l Average %(2009- 2010)
20.72%
5.51%
4.50%
N/A






Crashes reported to FMCSA by states for 24 months prior to:
  07/20/2017
Note: Crashes listed represent a motor carrier�s involvement in reportable crashes, without any determination as to responsibility.


Crashes:


Type
Fatal
Injury
Tow
Total

Crashes
3
44
91
138









ID/Operations |
   Inspections/Crashes In US |
   Inspections/Crashes In Canada |
   Safety Rating


Canadian Inspection results for 24 months prior to: 
   07/20/2017

   Total inspections: 0
Note: Total inspections may be less than the sum of vehicle and driver inspections. Go to Inspections Help for further
   information.



Inspections:


Inspection Type
Vehicle
Driver

Inspections
0
0

Out of Service
0
0

Out of Service %

      0%
     

      0%
     






Crashes results for 24 months prior to:
   07/20/2017
Note: Crashes listed represent a motor carrier�s involvement in reportable crashes, without any determination as to responsibility.


Crashes:


Type
Fatal
Injury
Tow
Total

Crashes
0
0
0
0









ID/Operations |
  Inspections/Crashes In US |
  Inspections/Crashes In Canada |
  Safety Rating


The Federal safety rating does not necessarily reflect the safety of the
  carrier when operating in intrastate commerce.



Carrier Safety Rating:

The rating below is current as of:
  07/20/2017

Review Information:




Review Information


Rating Date:
07/27/2010 
Review Date:
07/21/2010 

Rating:
Satisfactory 
Type:
Compliance Review 














             
     







SAFER Home |
Feedback
|
Privacy Policy
|
USA.gov
|
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
|
Accessibility
|
OIG Hotline
|
Web Policies and Important Links
|
Plug-ins 



Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE, Washington, DC 20590 • 1-800-832-5660 • TTY: 1-800-877-8339 •
Field Office Contacts

 









United Rentals (north America), Inc.                                                                                     - Atlanta                                           , GA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



Atlanta



Equipment Rental and Leasing, Nec



Business Machine And Electronic Equipment Rental Services



                            United Rentals (north America), Inc.
                                    



 





















U 


United Rentals (north America), Inc.                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1550 NORTHWEST DR NW ATLANTA, GA 30318
Get Directions



(404) 607-8370
www.unitedrentals.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 12
 Industries Business Machine And Electronic Equipment Rental Services
 Contacts Jeff Alexander                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







U

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




























Corporate Leadership | United Rentals



















 
























This site requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript to continue
        using this site.





















                      SIGN IN / REGISTER                    


 Find A Location Customer Care




                    English                  






                            Español                          



                            Français                          










                ×
              




 
                        SIGN IN / REGISTER                      

 Find A Location Customer Care





Rent Equipment
Used Equipment
Solutions
Services
Safety & Training
Our Company
 









                          Call us                        




















                      Search                    








                      Your Cart                    


















      ×
    




Search form

Search 





 













United RentalsOur CompanyAbout United RentalsCorporate Leadership


							Our Company						

Founded in 1997, United Rentals is the largest equipment rental company in the world, with a store network nearly three times the size of any other provider, and locations in 49 states and 10 Canadian provinces.  Learn More About United Rentals  Download Annual Reports 



 
 


















            Executive Leadership 




            Senior Vice Presidents 




            Vice Presidents 




            Regional Vice Presidents 




 
 





Executive Leadership  








      Michael J. Kneeland
    

      President and Chief Executive Officer
    



          Learn more about Michael J. Kneeland
        

Michael Kneeland was appointed president and chief executive officer of United Rentals, and a director of the company, in 2008. He had previously served as interim chief executive officer since 2007. Mr. Kneeland joined United Rentals in 1998 as district manager upon the company's acquisition of Equipment Supply Company. In 1999 his responsibilities were expanded to include multiple districts within United Rentals' aerial operations. He was subsequently named vice president-aerial operations in 2000, and vice president-southeast region in 2001, before being appointed executive vice president-operations in 2003. His more than 33 years of management experience in the equipment rental industry includes key positions in sales and operations with private, public and investor-owned companies, including Freestate Industries, Inc. Mr. Kneeland served as Freestate's president from 1995 until the company was sold to Equipment Supply Company in 1996. From 1996 to 1998 he served as general manager for Rylan Rents d/b/a Freestate Industries, a division of Equipment Supply. At the time it was acquired by United Rentals, Equipment Supply was the largest aerial equipment rental company in North America. In 2011, Mr. Kneeland was appointed to serve on the board of directors of YRC Worldwide, Inc., a leading provider of transportation and global logistics services, where he serves as the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. In 2015, he was designated Co-Chair, Transportation Stakeholder Alliance (The Business Council of Fairfield County) and was also appointed to the National Advisory Board for the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics.




 







      William B. Plummer
    

      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
    



          Learn more about William B. Plummer
        

William Plummer was appointed chief financial officer of United Rentals in 2008. His more than two decades of financial leadership experience include positions as chief financial officer of Dow Jones & Company, where he set policy for global finance and corporate strategy, and vice president and treasurer of Alcoa Inc., where he was responsible for global treasury policy and relationship management with commercial and investment banks. Previously, he held executive positions with Mead Corporation and General Electric Capital Corporation.  Mr. Plummer serves as a director for John Wiley & Sons, Inc., where he is a member of the audit and technology committees, and for Global Payments Inc., where he is a member of the audit committee.  Mr. Plummer holds degrees in aeronautics and astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a master of business administration degree from Stanford University's Graduate School of Business.




 







      Matthew J. Flannery
    

      Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
    



          Learn more about Matthew J. Flannery
        

Matthew J. Flannery was appointed as our executive vice president and chief operating officer in April 2012. Mr. Flannery has extensive experience in all areas of the Company’s operations, having previously served as executive vice president—operations and sales, senior vice president—operations east and in two regional vice president roles in aerial operations. Mr. Flannery has also served as a district manager, district sales manager and branch manager of the Company. He has over two decades of sales, management and operations experience in the rental industry. Mr. Flannery joined the Company in 1998 as part of the Company’s acquisition of Connecticut-based McClinch Equipment.




 







      Dale A. Asplund
    

      Executive Vice President, Business Services and Chief Information Officer
    



          Learn more about Dale A. Asplund
        

Dale Asplund was promoted to Executive Vice President - Business Services and Chief Information Officer in January 2017, after previously serving as senior vice president - business services and chief information officer since April 2012 and senior vice president – business services since 2011. Joining the company in 1998, he has held various senior positions that included responsibility for supply chain, fleet management and shared services. His current position also includes management for the Company’s information technology systems. Mr. Asplund previously worked for United Waste Systems, Inc. as a divisional manager.




 







       Craig A. Pintoff
    

      Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Legal Officer
    



          Learn more about  Craig A. Pintoff
        

Mr. Pintoff was promoted to executive vice president—chief administrative and legal officer in March 2017, with responsibility for leading the Company’s legal and human resources functions, after previously serving as senior vice president, general counsel and human resources since January 2016. Mr. Pintoff has led the United Rentals human resources team since 2005, first as vice president, and since April 2011, as senior vice president. He joined United Rentals in 2003 as director-legal affairs. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Pintoff was chief benefits and employment counsel for Crompton Corporation in Connecticut. Previously, he was an attorney for White & Case LLP in Manhattan. Mr. Pintoff holds a Juris Doctor from the Columbia Law School and an LL.M. from the New York University School of Law. 




 

 





Senior Vice Presidents  





Michael D. Durand
Senior Vice President - Operations


Michael Durand was appointed to lead the company’s Pacific West Region in 2013. He joined United Rentals in 2002 as a branch manager, and held subsequent field management roles as sales manager, district manager, and regional sales and marketing director for the Northwest Region. 




Jeffrey J. Fenton
Senior Vice President – Business Development


 Jeffrey J. Fenton was named senior vice president—business development of United Rentals in 2013.  Prior to joining the Company, he was a Principal of Devonshire Advisors LLC for nine years, and held senior executive and board positions with BlueLinx Holdings Inc., Global MotorSports Group, Transamerica Trailer Leasing and Maxim Crane Works Holdings, Inc. During his over 20 years with General Electric, he served in numerous positions culminating in chief executive officer of GE Capital Modular Space and was an officer of GE Capital Corporation. Mr. Fenton is also a director of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc.




Joli Gross
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary


Joli Gross was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in May 2017. Ms. Gross previously held the position of Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, and joined United Rentals in 2002 as Director of Legal Affairs. Prior to joining the Company, she was an associate with the law firm of Day, Berry & Howard, specializing in commercial real estate and contracts; and an associate with Edwards & Angell, specializing in civil litigation and arbitration.  Ms. Gross holds a Juris Doctor from the New England School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts from Boston University.




David A. Hobbs
Senior Vice President - Operations


David Hobbs was named senior vice president – operations in 2014, nine years after joining United Rentals as a district sales manager. Previously he held management roles at the district, region and corporate levels, most recently as vice president – gulf region beginning in 2009. David has well over a decade of experience in the equipment rental industry, including positions with H&E Equipment Services as director of salesforce and training, and branch manager; and sales positions for BPS Equipment.




Christopher K. Hummel
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer


Christopher K. Hummel was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer in 2016. Prior to United Rentals, Mr. Hummel served as the chief marketing officer of Schneider Electric SE, with responsibility for the development and implementation of Schneider’s global marketing strategy. Mr. Hummel brings more than two decades of senior management experience to United Rentals, having previously held senior sales and marketing positions at Unify, SAP and Oracle. He holds a master’s degree from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, as well as a bachelor’s degree from Tufts University. 




Paul I. McDonnell
Senior Vice President - Sales & Specialty Operations


Paul McDonnell was named Senior Vice President – Sales & Specialty Operations in January 2017.  Mr. McDonnell brought more than a decade of construction industry experience to United Rentals when he joined the company as trench safety district manager in 1999. He was later promoted to region vice president – trench safety, power and hvac and then senior vice president - operations for the specialty regions in 2008. Prior to joining United Rentals, Mr. McDonnell was a construction project manager for Ryan Engineering, and general manager of D&E Steelplate Rental.




Kenneth B. Mettel
Senior Vice President - Performance Analytics


Kenneth Mettel became senior vice president, performance analytics in December 2014. Prior to that, he held the role of senior vice president, planning and analysis, beginning in April 2011. Earlier, he served as the company's vice president-strategy and planning. Prior to joining United Rentals in 2001, Mr. Mettel held senior management positions with International Paper as vice president, strategic planning, and with Unilever as director of financial analysis. His previous experience includes five years as finance manager, U.S. Toys with Mattel, Inc.




Jessica T. Graziano
Senior Vice President & Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 


Ms. Graziano was promoted to Senior Vice President—Controller and Principal Accounting Officer in March 2017, with responsibility for oversight of the Company’s accounting, risk management and financial planning and analysis departments, after previously serving as vice president—controller and principal accounting officer since joining the Company in December 2014. Before joining the Company, Ms. Graziano served as senior vice president—chief accounting officer, corporate controller and treasurer of Revlon, Inc. since April 2013. Prior to that, she served as Revlon’s senior vice president—global operations finance from December 2010 through March 2013 and as Revlon’s vice president and controller—U.S. customer finance from July 2009 to December 2010. Prior to Revlon, Ms. Graziano held other financial positions with UST Inc. (Altria Group) and KPMG LLP. Ms. Graziano holds a Bachelor’s degree from Villanova in Accountancy and an MBA in Finance from Fairfield University and is a certified public accountant. 




Irene Moshouris
Senior Vice President - Treasurer


Irene Moshouris was promoted to senior vice president, treasurer in April 2011. Joining the company in 2006 as Treasurer - Vice President, she is responsible for treasury, tax and credit. Her current position also includes real estate. Previously, she was vice president and deputy treasurer with Avon Products, Inc. Prior to Avon, Ms. Moshouris served as corporate tax manager with GTE Corporation; as tax director - pharmaceutical group, and tax manager - research and planning, with Sterling Winthrop, Inc.; and as tax manager and tax analyst with Arthur Anderson & Co.




Kevin C. Parr
Senior Vice President – Operations


Kevin Parr was named senior vice president – operations in 2013. He has more than 30 years of industry experience, first with UpRight, Inc., and then with Horizon Equipment, a business of W.R. Carpenter North America. He joined United Rentals in 2000 upon the company’s acquisition of Horizon, initially serving as fleet manager for the Aerial East Region, and subsequently as district manager, region sales and marketing manager, region vice president – Aerial East, and vice president – Northeast Region





 





Regional Vice Presidents  





 Robert C. Bower
  Vice President - Pacific West Region


Robert Bower was named vice president – national accounts in 2014, and has more than a decade of experience in the equipment rental industry. During his tenure, he has held various leadership positions with increasing responsibility to include: branch and district manager, integration team lead, and most recently, region sales and marketing director for the pacific west region.




Chris A. Burlog
Vice President - Midwest Region


Chris Burlog was named vice president - midwest region in 2009, eight years after joining United Rentals as district manager. Following 7 years as a successful DM, Chris was promoted to the position of RSMM for the Rocky Mountain Region, where he achieved great success in Key Customer and New Account growth. Chris also contributed in a key leadership role as a project leader in Operation United and proved to be a strong voice for the field during the project. Chris graduated with a Marketing degree from Minot State University and has a strong background in the equipment rental industry, having started his rental career as an industrial sales rep and soon becoming the sales manager of Butler Machinery, a Caterpillar dealer based in Sioux Falls, S.D.




Michael G. Cloer
Vice President – Southeast Region







John "Scott" Fisher
Vice President – Western Canada Region


Scott Fisher joined United Rentals upon the company’s merger with RSC in 2012, and was named to his current position in 2013. He previously served as RSC’s president of Canadian operations. He has over 20 years of experience in the construction equipment industry, including management roles with Skyway Canada Limited, Volvo Construction Equipment and Strongco Equipment, and sales within the Caterpillar dealer network. 




Joshuah P. Flores
  Region Vice President - Tools & Industrial Solutions


Josh Flores was named Region Vice President – Tool Solutions region in 2014 four years after joining United Rentals as District Manager.  Josh’s tenure as a District Manager was spent in both General rental and most recently in the Specialty division in Tool Solutions.  During his time as a DM within Tool Solutions he and his team delivered strong specialty revenue growth through new cold start location expansion and managed tool trailer solution sales by increasing customer productivity on jobsites.  Josh graduated with a BBA in Finance from Lamar University and has a strong background in the equipment rental industry.  He started his rental career after college as an ISR with Hertz Equipment Rental and was promoted through the ranks from OSR to Branch Manager then transitioned over to Hi-Way Equipment, A Case Construction Equipment dealer based in Houston, Texas as a General Manager before joining United Rentals in 2010.




 Todd M. Hayes
Vice President – Trench Safety Region


Todd was named vice president of the Trench Safety Region in 2012, after joining the Company in 1999 as part of the Shoring and Supply acquisition. Todd has over 20 years of progressively responsible experience in the construction equipment industry, including 16 years in the trench safety business. He began his career with United Rentals as a Branch Manager for trench locations Omaha, NE and Des Moines, IA. He then served as District Sales Manager and District Manager for United Rentals Trench Safety. Todd earned a BA in Business Administration from Bellevue University in Nebraska.




John J. Humphrey
 Vice President - Mid-Atlantic Region


John was named vice president of the Northeast Region in 2013. He joined United Rentals in 1998, with the acquisition of McClinch Equipment Company. John has over 27 years of industry experience, starting in Outside Sales, promoted to District Sales Management and has held the position of Tri State District Manager with United Rentals since 1999.  He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Iona College in New Rochelle, New York. 




William A. Kiker
Vice President - Pump Solutions


 Bill Kiker is region vice president of the Pump Solutions region.  He was previously President of National Pump & Compressor, joining United Rentals in 2014.  Bill was Gulf Coast area operations manager for Hertz Service Pump & Compressor from 1999 to 2007.  He began his career in 1987 with Service Pump & Compressor as an outside sales representative being promoted to regional manager in 1991.  Bill has over 28 years of industrial pump and compressor, rental, sales and service experience.  He earned a BA degree in economics from Teas A&M University in 2006.




Donald "Chad" Matter
Vice President - Industrial Region


Chad Matter is region vice president, Industrial region for the combined organization. Previously, he served as region vice president of RSC's Gulf region since April 2008. Chad began his career with RSC in August 1995 through the sales trainee program in Houston, Texas. Between 1996 and 1998, he was promoted to outside sales representative positions in the San Antonio and Austin markets, and he was recognized as sales representative of the year in 1998. In November 1999, Chad was promoted to sales manager for Central and South Texas. In 2002, he was promoted to district manager over the Central and South Texas district. Chad earned a BBA in marketing from Texas State University.




Jeffrey S. McGinnis
Vice President – South Region


Jeff McGinnis was named Vice President - South Region in 2014. Jeff began his career with Gaedcke Equipment Company in February of 1995 (acquired by United Rentals in 1998) as an Outside Sales Representative in Houston, Texas. He went on to hold various roles with United Rentals including Branch Manager, District Sales manager, District Manager and recently was the Region Sales and Marketing Director for the South Region. Jeff graduated from Stephen F Austin University in 1995 with a degree in Communications/Marketing.




 Thomas P. Jones
Region Vice President, Onsite Services


Tom Jones was promoted to vice president of field sales in 2014, 14 years after joining United Rentals as a district manager. Previously he held region vice president roles in the Southeast, and most recently the Mid-Atlantic region for the combined organization. Tom has over two decades of experience in the equipment rental industry, beginning with Hertz Equipment Rental, Inc. in 1990. He also had a two-year tenure with AMECO as vice president of North America and Caribbean Operations.




Kevin M. O’Brien
 Vice President - Mid-Central Region


Kevin O'Brien serves as region vice president, Mid-Central region for the combined organization. Kevin was previously a region vice president at RSC. Kevin joined RSC in April 1997, as general manager of the St. Louis area. He was promoted to district manager in 2000, to region controller in 2002 and to region vice president in 2004. Kevin has a Bachelor's degree in business administration and accounting from the University of Kansas.




Craig A. Schmidt
Vice President - Northeast Region


Craig Schmidt was named Vice President of the North East Region in 2015.  Craig, joined United Rentals in 1999 and has held numerous positions such as Branch Manager, National Fleet Vehicle Manager, Region National Accounts Manager, District Manager and most recently, Director, Region Sales & Marketing.  Prior to joining United Rentals Craig worked for Budget Car and Truck Rental with his last position being held was Director of Truck Operations for the Central Region.   Craig holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration from Johnson & Wales University.




David C. Scott
Vice President - Power & HVAC Region


David was named vice president of the Power & HVAC Region in 2012, after joining the Company in 2010 as Region Operations Manager for the Power & HVAC business. He was previously Division Manager for Hertz Energy Services. David has over 20 years of industry experience with roles in sales and operations. He earned a Bachelor's degree in Sales, Distribution, and Marketing Operations from Kennesaw State University in Georgia.




Larry "Don" Irwin
Vice President – Gulf South Region








 





Vice Presidents  





Raymond J. Alletto
Vice President - Risk Management


Raymond Alletto brought more than 20 years of experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2005 as vice president - risk management. Previously, Mr. Alletto served as director - risk management for GTE Corporation, and for Purdue Pharma LP. He also held various risk management positions over 12 years with Hubbell Incorporated, including director of risk management and employee benefits.




Fred B. Bratman
Vice President


Fred Bratman was promoted to senior vice president, corporate communications and investor relations in April 2011. He rejoined United Rentals in 2008 as vice president - investor relations and corporate communications after previously serving as vice president - corporate communications from 2001 to 2004. In the interim, Mr. Bratman was executive vice president of Hyde Park Communications and president of Hyde Park Financial Communications, New York. Prior to United Rentals, Mr. Bratman served as director of marketing and communications for Deutsche Bank/North America; and vice president of Sard Verbinnen, a financial communications agency. Earlier in his career, Mr. Bratman was a financial journalist and editor at McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones.




 Gregg L. Christensen 
Vice President - National Accounts


Gregg Christensen was named vice president – national accounts in January 2016. He has been in the equipment rental industry for more than 30 years and has served in a number of sales and management positions throughout his career. Gregg joined the company in 2008 as a district manager, advanced to regional sales and marketing manager and then director of pricing. He was named vice president sales operations in 2011 and vice president sales force effectiveness in 2012. He most recently served as region sales and marketing director for the company’s south region. Gregg started his career as an ISR with Hertz Equipment Rental in 1982. After a 10 year career at Hertz, which included positions as an OSR, branch manager and eventually national account manager, he went on to pursue positions of increasing responsibility at BPS Equipment Rental and H&E Equipment Services. Gregg holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Florida Southern College.




James A. Dorris
Vice President - Environmental, Health and Safety


Jim Dorris joined United Rentals as vice president - health, safety, environment & sustainability in 2012.  Prior to United Rentals, he was corporate occupational safety director with Cummins, Inc., and earlier held leadership positions with Pfizer, Inc. and PepsiCo, Inc.  Mr. Dorris is a certified safety professional who has worked closely with OSHA and the National Safety Council, where he is an active member of the OSHA alliance team and the NSC’s coveted Robert Campbell Institute




John J. Fahey
Vice President, Internal Audit


John Fahey brought more than 15 years of financial executive experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2005 as vice president - assistant corporate controller. In 2006, he assumed the additional role of principal accounting officer. In 2008, Mr. Fahey was appointed vice president - controller and, in that role, continued to serve the company as principal accounting officer. In December 2014, he became vice president, financial planning & analysis.  In July 2016, Mr. Fahey was appointed vice president – internal audit.  His prior experience includes senior positions as manager - corporate business development for Xerox Corporation; vice president and chief financial officer for Xerox Engineering Systems, Inc.; and vice president - finance and controller for Faulding Pharmaceutical Company. Mr. Fahey is a licensed certified public accountant who previously served as a general practice manager in accounting and auditing for Deloitte & Touche LLP.




William Grace
Vice President - Investor Relations


William Grace was appointed vice president, investor relations in April 2016.  He has more than 20 years’ experience in financial services. Most recently, he was a senior analyst with Susquehanna International Group covering the industrial machinery and building materials sector. Prior to Susquehanna, he was a vice president at Avondale Partners with responsibility for the building materials, construction and mining equipment research group; a member of the equity research team at Goldman Sachs & Co.; a member of the natural resources group at Banc of America Securities; and an associate at PaineWebber. He began his career as a financial analyst at Duff & Phelps Corp. Mr. Grace holds a dual bachelor’s degree in economics and political science from Bucknell University and a master’s in business administration from Cornell University.




Homer "Ned" Graham
Vice President - Operations Excellence


Ned Graham joined United Rentals in 2009 as vice president - business development, before being appointed vice president - operational excellence in 2013. In his current position, he leads initiatives dedicated to improving efficiency and productivity across the company. Over his 30 years in the equipment rental industry, Mr. Graham has served as senior vice president, regional vice president and district manager with RSC Equipment Rental, and owner of Approved Equipment Company, a multi-location rental, sales and service business




Daniel T. Higgins
Vice President - Technology and Operations


Daniel Higgins brought two decades of experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2006 as vice president - IT corporate services. His expertise in leading information technology functions for Fortune 500 companies includes positions as IT senior director of strategy, planning, and risk management, as well as IT director of performance management systems, for Pepsi Bottling Group. Previously, Mr. Higgins was senior group manager of corporate financial systems for PepsiCo.




Helge Jacobsen
Vice President - Operations Excellence


Helge Jacobsen joined United Rentals as vice president, internal audit and operational excellence in 2012, and became vice president, operations excellence in December 2014. Previously, he was vice president - global sales operations with Avaya, Inc., and partner and managing director with Tenex Capital Management. Earlier, he held senior positions with Cerberus/Teleglobe and General Electric, including vice president, supply chain/6-Sigma/quality with GE Power Controls. Mr. Jacobsen began his career with MBN International A/S in Denmark.




Brent R. Kuchynka
Vice President - Corporate Fleet Management


Brent Kuchynka is Vice President of Corporate Fleet management. Previously, he has held past positions as region vice president in the Canadian region, the Gulf Coast region and the Western region. Brent has more than 20 years of experience in the equipment rental industry. He began his career in 1994 with Valley Rentals, which was later acquired by RSC. During his tenure, he has occupied positions in branch operations, division project manager, sales management and regional management. He holds a Bachelor of Science in business administration in management from the University of Arizona.




TJ Mahoney 
Vice President, Supply Chain 


TJ joined United Rentals in 2005 as a Sourcing Manager and was promoted to Senior Sourcing Manager for equipment in 2006 and Director, Equipment Sourcing in 2007. He also has prior purchasing experience from positions at Hertz Equipment and Sunbelt Rentals.  TJ holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing from Fordham University and a MBA in Quality Management from Upper Iowa University.




Gordon McDonald
 Vice President - Managed Services


 Gordon McDonald was named vice president - managed services in 2012, following the merger of RSC Equipment Rental with United Rentals. His more than 30 years' experience with industrial tool rental and supply operations include 15 years with RSC and 23 years with Industrial Air Tool, an RSC acquisition. While with RSC, he served in field and corporate management positions, including regional manager for industrial on-site operations, and director of managed services, and was instrumental in advancing the company's software applications design. In 2008, he was appointed RSC vice president of managed services.




Joseph W. Pledger
Vice President - Finance Operations


Joe Pledger was promoted to Vice President, Operations Finance in July 2014.  Since joining United Rentals in 1998, he has served as district controller, region controller, and most recently as Senior Director, Planning and Analysis.  Mr. Pledger is a certified public accountant.  Prior to joining United Rentals he served as an audit manager with KPMG.  Mr. Pledger earned a Master’s degree in Accounting and B.S. in Business (magna cum laude) from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.




Timothy S. Rule
Vice President - Market Development


Timothy Rule was appointed Vice President – Market Development in 2013, after serving as Regional Vice President of the company’s Northwest Region.  Prior to joining United Rentals as district manager in 2002, he held industrial engineering, sales management and financial management positions with leading companies in the aerospace and construction equipment manufacturing industries, including Rohr Industries and CNH Global.  Tim holds a BS in Operations Management from San Diego State University and an MBA from the University of Chicago.




 Daniel C. Sparks
Vice President - Sales Operations & Support


Daniel Sparks was promoted to Vice President, Sales Operations in 2015. Since joining United Rentals, he has held positions as Region Finance Director, Sr Director, FP&A, and Sr Director, Pricing. Prior to joining United Rentals, Daniel held leadership positions in finance with IBM, Staples and Smashburger. Daniel holds a Bachelor of Science in business administration from the University of Colorado.





 



 











Related Links

 Company Overview


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 










              About Us          



                  Board of Directors                



                  Building Futures                



                  Giving Back                



                  Our Culture                



                  Supplier Diversity                



                  Corporate Leadership                



                  Mission & Values                 





              Our Careers          



                  About Us                



                  Who We Hire                



                  Campus                



                  Military                



                  Events                



                  Search Jobs                



                  FAQ's                





              News & Events          



                  Awards & Recognition                



                  Events Calendar                



                  FAQ's                



                  In The News                



                  Press Room                



                  RLL Racing Sponsorship                



                  HOME FREE on Fox                





              Investor Relations          



                  Annual Reports & Proxy Statements                



                  Corporate Governance                



                  FAQ's                



                  Financial Press Releases                



                  Investor Events & Conference Calls                



                  Investor Presentations                



                  Research Coverage                



                  SEC Filings                







 



















Delivery Fee
This Delivery fee can be avoided if you elect the "In-Store Pickup" option instead of delivery

×



Environmental
United Rentals applies an environmental charge to rented equipment that contains an internal combustion engine, hydraulic oils or similar components. The charge is 1.30% of the rental charge for equipment with a maximum charge of $75. The charge is designed to recover the company’s direct and indirect expenses for the handling, managing and disposing of waste products, hazardous materials and related administrative costs.
Some of our indirect expenses include, but are not limited to, the handling and managing of wastewater disposal, oil and fuel spills, fuel storage and management, fees paid to regulatory agencies and fees paid to vendors. Some of our direct environmental expenses include proper disposal of products from the care, maintenance and operation of equipment including used oil filters, spent oil absorbent, parts cleaners, scrap tires and waste antifreeze. This is not a government-mandated charge.

×



Rental Protection Plan
The Rental Protection Plan is not insurance. The Rental Protection Plan is optional and only available to direct commercial customers. When you purchase the Rental Protection Plan product, you will not be held responsible for the full replacement value of damaged or stolen equipment. If something does go wrong, you will be responsible for 10% of the damage costs or $500.00, whichever is less*.
Upon accepting the Rental Protection Plan, the customer agrees to pay a percentage based on the rented equipment, and in return United Rentals agrees to waive certain claims for accidental damage to or theft of the aforementioned equipment occurring during normal and careful use. The customer remains liable for all other damages as set forth in the conditions found in Addendum 1 to the Rental Agreement.
*Customer agrees that it will use its best efforts to protect the equipment from loss, theft or damage at all times during the rental period, and until the equipment is retrieved and in the Company’s possession.

×





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














jobsgalore.com




























what?



job title, keywords or company




where?



city, state or zip











        Find jobs from career sites, job boards and the web - all in one place!        
    






 Jobs by Position

Account Executive
Administrative Assistant
Controller
Customer Service
Graphic Designer
Maintenance Technician
Project Manager
Receptionist
Registered Nurse
Restaurant Manager
Retail Sales Associate
Sales Associate
Sales Representative
Software Engineer
Staff Accountant
Store Associate
Store Manager
Truck Driver





 Jobs by Location

New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Brooklyn, NY
Houston, TX
Philadelphia, PA
Manhattan, NY
Phoenix, AZ
The Bronx, NY
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
Dallas, TX
San Jose, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
San Francisco, CA
Austin, TX
Columbus, OH





 Jobs by Company

Amazon
American Express
Boeing
Ernst & Young
Google
Home Depot
Kellogg
L'Oreal
Merrill Lynch
Microsoft
Nordstrom
Oracle
Procter & Gamble
Staples
T-Mobile
Unilever
Verizon
Walt Disney










Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 For Employers: Post a job
Jobsgalore.com is a leading vertical meta search engine for jobs that reaches a very large number of job searchers every month. To profit from our quality traffic and to have your job ads appear on jobsgalore.com, you can post your jobs through one of our partner sites. Please click on „Post a job“ to learn more.


Post Job
        







Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us






About Jobsgalore
What is Jobsgalore?
Jobsgalore is a new job search engine that provides job seekers free access to millions of job openings across thousands of job categories and industries.
We aggregate, filter and sort huge amounts of data from hundreds of job boards, classifieds sites, company homepages and other job related Websites and make them available to you in a fast, clean and easy to use interface.
What added value does Jobsgalore provide in comparison to conventional job boards?
Instead of browsing multiple job boards and other career sites, you can find what you are looking for in just one search, making your job search faster and more efficient.
Our unique map based search feature allows you to search for jobs within a certain geographic area and our search filters allow you to drill down to the exact job details you need.
How can I contact Jobsgalore?
Should you have any further questions or comments, please contact us at info@digital-jobs.de. We are always happy to help!






Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 Free email alerts: Get new jobs by email
We will send you new job offers for your search as soon as they become available. Just fill out the fields for job position, location and your email address and click on „Activate“. You can cancel email alerts at any time. Your email address is safe with us. We only use your email address for job alerts and do not sell it to third parties.


what?



where?



E-Mail















Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH















