










 



United States Cellular Corp (USM)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: United States Cellular Corp (USM)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTelecommunications ServicesWireless Telecommunications Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				USM on New York Consolidated


				38.06USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.36


					            (-0.94%)
					        






Prev Close

$38.42


Open

$38.29




Day's High

$39.19


Day's Low

$37.89




Volume

97,403


Avg. Vol

116,214




52-wk High

$46.01


52-wk Low

$33.30












					Full Description



United States Cellular Corporation (U.S. Cellular), incorporated on December 22, 1983, is a provider of wireless telecommunication services. The Company's wireless operating markets are in the United States. U.S. Cellular provides service to postpaid and prepaid customers from a range of demographic segments. The Company focuses on retail consumers, government and small-to-mid-size business customers in industries, such as construction, retail, professional services and real estate. U.S. Cellular's postpaid customers choose from a range of national plans with voice, messaging and data usage options. The Company offers Shared Connect data plans, which allow customers to share data usage among all users and devices connected to the plan. The Company also offers monthly prepaid service plans, which provide customers unlimited voice and unlimited messaging with a specified amount of data and unlimited data at lower speeds once the high-speed data limit is reached.The Company's fourth generation long term evolution (4G LTE) network features smartphone messaging, data and Internet services that allow customers to access the Web and social network sites, e-mail, text, picture and video message, utilize turn-by-turn global positioning system (GPS) navigation, and browse and download applications to customize their wireless devices to fit their lifestyles. The Company offers a range of wireless devices, such as handsets, modems, mobile hotspots, home phones and tablets for use by its customers. U.S. Cellular offers wireless devices that are compatible with 4G LTE and third generation (3G) networks. In addition, U.S. Cellular offers a range of accessories, such as carrying cases, hands-free devices, batteries, battery chargers, and memory cards to related consumer electronics, such as headphones, speakers and Bluetooth keyboards. U.S. Cellular also sells wireless devices to agents and other third-party distributors for resale. U.S. Cellular also offers customers the option to purchase certain devices under installment contracts over a specified time period while providing a discount on their connection charge.U.S. Cellular also offers its Device Protection+ program, which includes overnight delivery while providing coverage of lost and stolen devices. U.S. Cellular also offers additional products and services, including LTE wireless routers and hotspots for broadband coverage, as well as home phones and OnLook connected home. U.S. Cellular purchases wireless devices and accessory products from a number of manufacturers, including Samsung, Apple, Motorola, LG, Superior Communications, Kyocera, ZTE, Tessco and Sierra Wireless. The Company supports a multi-faceted distribution program, including retail sales, direct sales, third-party national retailers, and independent agents, plus a Website and telesales.The Company competes with Verizon Wireless, AT&T Mobility, Sprint and T-Mobile USA.

» Full Overview of USM







					Company Address



United States Cellular Corp
8410 W Bryn Mawr Ave Ste 700CHICAGO   IL   60631-3463
P: +1773.3998900F: +1773.3998936







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 LeRoy Carlson

766,500




							 Kenneth Meyers

7,351,830




							 Steven Campbell

2,763,580




							 Jay Ellison

2,837,370




							 Deirdre Drake

1,476,780




» More Officers & Directors





					United States Cellular Corp News




China 'outraged' by $1.42 billion planned U.S. arms sales to Taiwan

Jun 30 2017 
BRIEF-U.S. Cellular sees 2017 capital expenditures of about $500 mln

May 05 2017 
German stocks - Factors to watch on April 18

Apr 18 2017 
T-Mobile, Dish bid combined $14 billion in U.S. airwaves auction: FCC

Apr 13 2017 
UPDATE 3-T-Mobile, Dish bid combined $14 bln in U.S. airwaves auction -FCC

Apr 13 2017 


» More USM  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTelecommunications ServicesWireless Telecommunications Services






















Communication Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports








Communication Services Company Research Reports


Communication Services Companies deliver communication services over a network infrastructure. The businesses and occupations these organizations (both open-end companies and private firms) are engaged in include, among others, telecommunications (landline and cellular), the Net, cable, satellite-aided, or managed services. Communication Services Companies’ categories are diverse: telecom carriers, content deliverers, applications service providers (ASP), satellite operators, cable and cloud-based services providers, etc.
To stay competitive, companies in the marketplace have to ceaselessly stick to enhancing OP (operational excellence), besides maximizing their profit and cash flows. ATT, France Telecom (FTE) and Verizon fall within those Communication Services Companies that set the scene.
The research reports in this Catalogue discuss various Communication Services Companies, covering their operations, structure, products/services, prospects, locations and performance divisions, major executives, as well as competitors. Besides, SWOT information and the most prominent developments having lately affected the businesses are limelighted in the research reports. Keen insights into the companies’ revenue, growth trends, profitability measures, liquidity and financial leverage policies, efficiency and cost ratios, and far more are offered in the research reports as well.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Communication Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Omi Advisories
                        Ovum
                        Renub Research
                    



                            Found
                                 1091 publications                    



Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























United States Cellular Corp 8410 W Bryn Mawr Ave Chicago, IL Us Cellular - MapQuest







































































































    United States Cellular Corp
  

8410 W Bryn Mawr Ave

Chicago
IL
60631




 Reviews



(773) 399-8900
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 9am-5pm
Tue: 9am-5pm
Wed: 9am-5pm
Thu: 9am-5pm
Fri: 9am-5pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            United States Cellular Corporation, also known as U.S. Cellular, is a super-regional wireless company that serves more than 6.2 million customers in 148 markets in 25 states. With revenues of more than $3.7 billion, U.S. Cellular maintains one of the industry's highest quality network coverage and comprehensive range of wireless products and services. Founded in 1983, U.S. Cellular and its more than 8,700 associates are focused on customer satisfaction, delivering customer service. The company continues to grow and expand into new markets, introducing service to Oklahoma City; Lincoln, Neb.; Portland, Maine; and St. Louis. U.S. Cellular operates 500 retail locations nationwide and has more than 1,800 agent partners. The company has converted its network to CDMA-1X digital technology, adding more voice capacity, high-speed data products, and features and expanded coverage areas. United States Cellular Corporation is based in Chicago.
          






















Legal






Help























United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports





United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
UA7460830B3B1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of United States Cellular Corp. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of United States Cellular Corp. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key United States Cellular Corp. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - OVERVIEW

1.1 United States Cellular Corp. - Business Description
1.2 United States Cellular Corp. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 United States Cellular Corp. - Milestones and History

2 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 United States Cellular Corp. - Strengths
5.2 United States Cellular Corp. - Weaknesses
5.3 United States Cellular Corp. - Opportunities
5.4 United States Cellular Corp. - Threats

6 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 United States Cellular Corp. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 United States Cellular Corp. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: United States Cellular Corp. Key Facts 
Table 2: United States Cellular Corp. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: United States Cellular Corp. Milestones and History 
Table 4: United States Cellular Corp. Key Executives 
Table 5: United States Cellular Corp. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: United States Cellular Corp. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: United States Cellular Corp. Products and Services
Table 8: United States Cellular Corp. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: United States Cellular Corp. Profitability 
Table 10: United States Cellular Corp. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: United States Cellular Corp. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: United States Cellular Corp. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: United States Cellular Corp. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: United States Cellular Corp. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: United States Cellular Corp. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: United States Cellular Corp. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: United States Cellular Corp. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: United States Cellular Corp. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: United States Cellular Corp. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: United States Cellular Corp. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: United States Cellular Corp. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: United States Cellular Corp. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


USM - United States Cellular Corp - Rated a Hold - Company Analysis and ASR Ranking Report
US$ 62.00
Jul, 2013 · 9 pages


USM - United States Cellular Corp - Company Analysis and ASR Ranking Report
US$ 62.00
Jul, 2013 · 9 pages


United States Cellular Glass Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021
US$ 3,700.00
Jun, 2017 · 112 pages


United States ICT Spends in Financial Markets Sector - Future Perspective to 2019
US$ 500.00
Jul, 2016 · 38 pages


United States Cellular Telephony Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021
US$ 3,700.00
Mar, 2017 · 106 pages








Ask Your Question
United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Wireless Phone Customer Support | U.S. Cellular











































 
 Skip Header Links

  


 LOG IN/REGISTER



Login














Forgot your User Name/Password?


Take me to:
                                        

SamsungYurbudsPlantronicLGGPadDisneyAccessoryZaggTestiPhone6sView Current BillRewardsAccessoryZaggPay BillCheck UsageHolidayDealsiPhonePreOrderMy Account HomeShop New DevicesAccessories
                                        


What would you like to do?:
                                        

Select One...
Add Line
Upgrade Line




LOG IN


                                    Don't have an account? Register here.
                                



Prepaid Customers Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.

PREPAID LOG IN/REGISTER



STORE LOCATOR
COVERAGE
GET E-MAIL UPDATES
 CART 

  



 Phones & More





  

iPhone
Check out the latest iPhone models.





  

Smartphones
All the latest technology from the top brands you love.





  

Tablets
Watch movies, read books, play games and stay connected on the go.





  

Basic Phones
Flip phones and other devices that are designed with just the essentials.





  

High-Speed Internet
Stay connected with our affordable home phone services and high-speed internet.




 Shop All Devices 





Explore

 Home Solutions › 
 Vehicle Services › 
 Certified Pre-Owned › 
 Trade-In Device › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Smartphone Center › 





 Plans






  

NEW Total Plans
Knock out hidden fees for good with our best cell phone plan yet, the affordable Total Plan.





  

Prepaid Plans
Plans with unlimited talk, text and all the data you need with no contract, no credit check and no overages.





  

Business Plans
Find the best plan with the right services to set your business up for success.




 Shop All Plans 





Explore

 High-Speed Internet Plans › 
 Other Plans › 
 International Services › 
 4G LTE™ › 
 Enhanced Calling › 
 Maps & Coverage Locator › 





 Accessories 





  

Cases & Protectors
Make sure your device is safe and stylish with the latest cases and protectors.





  

Chargers
Keep all of your devices powered up and ready to go with in-home and portable chargers.





  

Audio
Headphones, speakers, and more for all your audio needs.





  

Bluetooth
Stay connected on the go with Bluetooth® speakers, headsets and hands-free driving kits.





  

Deals & Offers
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.




 Shop All Accessories 





Explore

 On The Go › 
 Entertainment › 
 Health & Fitness › 
 At Home › 
 Business Accessories › 





 Offers





  

Devices for a Penny
Yes, you read that right. Shop devices offered for just a penny.





  

Certified Pre-Owned
Get amazing deals on all of our Certified Pre-Owned Devices.





  

Accessory Deals
Find great deals on the latest Accessories to compliment your Device.





  

Switcher Offer
Switch to U.S. Cellular® today and we'll cover your costs.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.





  

Deals & Promotions 
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.







 Business





  

Business Promotions
Find great deals on products and services to help your business grow.





  

Devices
Shop business-savvy Smartphones and Tablets.





  

Business Plans
Stay connected to your business. Find a plan that's right for you.





  

Business Solutions
Learn about our solutions for your business, including: automation, monitoring, asset management and communications.





  

Accessories
Shop the latest accessories for all your business needs.





  

Support
Contact U.S. Cellular®'s Business Concierge or Customer Service for help and support.







Sales & Support Info
To discuss your wireless business needs:

1-866-USC-4BIZ
M - F: 8AM - 9PM
Sat: 9AM - 7PM
Sun: 10AM - 7PM
(central)

For business customer care and support:
                                    1-800-819-9373




 Support





  

Contact Us
For questions or assistance:

1-888-944-9400
Daily: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
(7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)






  

Store Locator
Find your closest U.S. Cellular® store location.





  

FAQs
Read Frequently Asked Questions from other customers.





  

Current Customers
Log in or register for My Account to manage your account online.





  

Rebate Center
Pre-register, track and print your mail-in rebate.





  

Payment Options
Online, in-store, by mail, phone or electronic transfer - find a payment option that's right for you.





  

Software Updates
Make sure your device has the latest approved software to get the most out of your wirelesss experience.





  

Wireless
                                                Emergency Alerts
Learn more about mobile emergency notifications







 Why U.S. Cellular





  

In the Middle of Anywhere™
Get reliable network coverage and our great customer service wherever you are.





  

Lighting-Fast Connectivity
We're expanding our 4G LTE™ network, devices and data to help you keep up with the speed of life.





  

Live Life Connected
Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.







Explore

 Maps & Coverage › 
 Deals & Offers › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Switcher Offer › 






























































































































































































send to facebook1
print page







			Support
			








Support


We're here to help, no matter where you are.



Explore top FAQs:
View All Top FAQs




Q

Why is my bill so high (mid-cycle changes/proration)?



Q

How do I know if I am on the right plan?



Q

How does using data while roaming impact my bill?







A
Prorated or partial charges can appear on your bill if you add or change services in the middle of a billing cycle. Proration can occur on the bill following service suspension or addition of features. Additionally, at U.S. Cellular®, your monthly service charges are billed one month in advance. For example, if your bill date is the 16th, your January 16th bill would reflect monthly service charges that cover January 16th through February 15th. Please check How to Read Your Bill for additional billing information.



A
U.S. Cellular's plans are designed to give you the minutes, messaging and data you want at a price that fits your budget. Review and make changes to your plan at anytime online by logging in to My Account. Or, view our latest plan offerings.



A
With U.S. Cellular, you get national coverage. Data usage while roaming is billed the same as data usage while in-network. Learn how to track and monitor your data usage




Current Customers








Billing

How to Read Your Bill
Bill Payment Options
Check Unbilled Minutes










My Account

Log In
Register
Forgot Username/Password







FAQs

Billing
Online Orders
My Account
Installment Pricing







 


Watch this video for an overview of your wireless bill and charges.




 
                Your browser does not support the video tag. 
            
 



Phones & Devices






Device Resources
Find helpful information related to your device.


Product-specific Support

Q&A



 






  



Search





Get free help and advice on using your phone at a workshop in a U.S. Cellular store.
View Workshops




FAQs

Android Phones
Device Protection+
Apple® iPhone®
Upgrade Program
Home Phone
Vehicle Monitor


Software Updates







Plans & Services






Plans

Current Plans
Coverage Locator

Specialty Plan Support

Lifeline Calling
Maine Home Area










Data & Messaging

Managing Your Data Use
Data Estimator Tool
Tethering on Android
High-Speed Internet Plans










Services

Trade-In/Recycling Program
Protection Services
Rebate Status
Voicemail Setup







FAQs

Shared Data Plans
Prepaid Plans
Coverage
4G LTE





FAQs

Text Messaging
Picture & Video Messaging





FAQs

Bill Reducer
International Services
Installment Pricing
Voice Mail to Text







Contact U.S. Cellular®







For questions or assistance:
1-888-944-9400
Daily: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
(7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)


To order by phone:
1-888-BUY-USCC
(1-888-289-8722)


M-F: 8 a.m. – 9 p.m.
Sat: 9 a.m. – 7 p.m.
Sun: 10 a.m. – 7 p.m.






More Resources


Military Discounts >
We're proud to offer our service men and women special discounts.



Live Life Connected >
Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle and stay connected to what matters most to you.



Device Protection+ >
Have peace of ming knowing your devices are covered.



Before You Travel >
Everything you need to know about international plans.














Important Web Site Pages








Shop 
Phones 
Plans 
Accessories 
Offers 
Tablets 
High-Speed Internet
 Vehicle Services 
Home Solutions 
Business 





Need Assistance? 
Support 
FAQs 
Store Locator 
Contact Us 
Coverage Maps 
Rebate Center 
Device Protection+ Claim 
Return Policy 
Manage Your Data Usage 





Current Customers 
My Account 
Pay Bill 
Check Usage 
Upgrade Device/Add A Line 
Change Plan/Features 
Refer A Friend 
Send A Text Message 
Voice Mail Setup 
Voice Mail to Text Preferences 





Our Company 
About Us 
Careers 
Press Room 
Awards 
Community Involvement 
Sponsorships 
Investor Relations 
Excellence Guarantee 
Developer Program 

  









  


  


  


  





  


 SSL



  

 










For questions or assistance, call daily 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. (7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)1-888-944-9400 
Sitemap |
Privacy |
Legal |
Contact Us 
©
                         U.S. Cellular




 



 









































Cell Phone Online Bill Payment | Customer Support | U.S. Cellular








































 
 Skip Header Links

  


 LOG IN/REGISTER



Login














Forgot your User Name/Password?


Take me to:
                                        

SamsungYurbudsPlantronicLGGPadDisneyAccessoryZaggTestiPhone6sView Current BillRewardsAccessoryZaggPay BillCheck UsageHolidayDealsiPhonePreOrderMy Account HomeShop New DevicesAccessories
                                        


What would you like to do?:
                                        

Select One...
Add Line
Upgrade Line




LOG IN


                                    Don't have an account? Register here.
                                



Prepaid Customers Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.

PREPAID LOG IN/REGISTER



STORE LOCATOR
COVERAGE
GET E-MAIL UPDATES
 CART 

  



 Phones & More





  

iPhone
Check out the latest iPhone models.





  

Smartphones
All the latest technology from the top brands you love.





  

Tablets
Watch movies, read books, play games and stay connected on the go.





  

Basic Phones
Flip phones and other devices that are designed with just the essentials.





  

High-Speed Internet
Stay connected with our affordable home phone services and high-speed internet.




 Shop All Devices 





Explore

 Home Solutions › 
 Vehicle Services › 
 Certified Pre-Owned › 
 Trade-In Device › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Smartphone Center › 





 Plans






  

NEW Total Plans
Knock out hidden fees for good with our best cell phone plan yet, the affordable Total Plan.





  

Prepaid Plans
Plans with unlimited talk, text and all the data you need with no contract, no credit check and no overages.





  

Business Plans
Find the best plan with the right services to set your business up for success.




 Shop All Plans 





Explore

 High-Speed Internet Plans › 
 Other Plans › 
 International Services › 
 4G LTE™ › 
 Enhanced Calling › 
 Maps & Coverage Locator › 





 Accessories 





  

Cases & Protectors
Make sure your device is safe and stylish with the latest cases and protectors.





  

Chargers
Keep all of your devices powered up and ready to go with in-home and portable chargers.





  

Audio
Headphones, speakers, and more for all your audio needs.





  

Bluetooth
Stay connected on the go with Bluetooth® speakers, headsets and hands-free driving kits.





  

Deals & Offers
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.




 Shop All Accessories 





Explore

 On The Go › 
 Entertainment › 
 Health & Fitness › 
 At Home › 
 Business Accessories › 





 Offers





  

Devices for a Penny
Yes, you read that right. Shop devices offered for just a penny.





  

Certified Pre-Owned
Get amazing deals on all of our Certified Pre-Owned Devices.





  

Accessory Deals
Find great deals on the latest Accessories to compliment your Device.





  

Switcher Offer
Switch to U.S. Cellular® today and we'll cover your costs.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.





  

Deals & Promotions 
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.







 Business





  

Business Promotions
Find great deals on products and services to help your business grow.





  

Devices
Shop business-savvy Smartphones and Tablets.





  

Business Plans
Stay connected to your business. Find a plan that's right for you.





  

Business Solutions
Learn about our solutions for your business, including: automation, monitoring, asset management and communications.





  

Accessories
Shop the latest accessories for all your business needs.





  

Support
Contact U.S. Cellular®'s Business Concierge or Customer Service for help and support.







Sales & Support Info
To discuss your wireless business needs:

1-866-USC-4BIZ
M - F: 8AM - 9PM
Sat: 9AM - 7PM
Sun: 10AM - 7PM
(central)

For business customer care and support:
                                    1-800-819-9373




 Support





  

Contact Us
For questions or assistance:

1-888-944-9400
Daily: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
(7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)






  

Store Locator
Find your closest U.S. Cellular® store location.





  

FAQs
Read Frequently Asked Questions from other customers.





  

Current Customers
Log in or register for My Account to manage your account online.





  

Rebate Center
Pre-register, track and print your mail-in rebate.





  

Payment Options
Online, in-store, by mail, phone or electronic transfer - find a payment option that's right for you.





  

Software Updates
Make sure your device has the latest approved software to get the most out of your wirelesss experience.





  

Wireless
                                                Emergency Alerts
Learn more about mobile emergency notifications







 Why U.S. Cellular





  

In the Middle of Anywhere™
Get reliable network coverage and our great customer service wherever you are.





  

Lighting-Fast Connectivity
We're expanding our 4G LTE™ network, devices and data to help you keep up with the speed of life.





  

Live Life Connected
Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.







Explore

 Maps & Coverage › 
 Deals & Offers › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Switcher Offer › 





















































































































































































































send to facebook1
print page







			Support
			
















































































































































































































							   Support Home
							





 Contact Us






																	       		 Store Locator
																	       		 





																	       		 FAQs
																	       		 





																	       		 Device Protection+ Claim
																	       		 





																	       		 Rebate Center
																	       		 





																	       		 Software Updates
																	       		 





 Current Customers






 Payment Options




For No Contract/Prepaid








																	       		 Wireless Emergency Alerts
																	       		 






















  

Customer Support Home



Payment Options

U.S. Cellular® offers a variety of payment options to fit your needs.
For No Contract/Prepaid Customers: Learn about our account refill options.


Online Account Management 
View and pay your bills online, view minutes of use, and register additional accounts to your profile. Set up an automatic recurring deduction from your checking or savings account, or use your credit or debit card. It's convenient and secure.
Sign Up For My Account
 


By Phone 
Pay anytime by calling #PAY (#729) from your U.S. Cellular phone, which is always a free call, or 1-888-944-9400 from your landline phone. U.S. Cellular can debit your checking or savings account over the phone. We also accept American Express®, Discover®, MasterCard® and Visa®.


At a U.S. Cellular Store 
Sometimes due dates can sneak up on the best of us. So if you need to pay your bill in person, feel free to bring it to one of our stores.* We enjoy the opportunity to connect with you in person.
* Certain Agent Locations cannot accept bill payments.
Find A Store Near You
 


Electronic Bill Payment 
If you already pay your bills online through your bank or financial institution, you can do the same with your U.S. Cellular bill. Don't use electronic banking? Visit or call your bank or financial institution to learn more.


By Mail 
This tried-and-true method works best if you allow at least seven days for your payment to travel through the mail and processing center. Be sure to include your payment stub.
Learn Where To Mail Your Payment
 




















Important Web Site Pages








Shop 
Phones 
Plans 
Accessories 
Offers 
Tablets 
High-Speed Internet
 Vehicle Services 
Home Solutions 
Business 





Need Assistance? 
Support 
FAQs 
Store Locator 
Contact Us 
Coverage Maps 
Rebate Center 
Device Protection+ Claim 
Return Policy 
Manage Your Data Usage 





Current Customers 
My Account 
Pay Bill 
Check Usage 
Upgrade Device/Add A Line 
Change Plan/Features 
Refer A Friend 
Send A Text Message 
Voice Mail Setup 
Voice Mail to Text Preferences 





Our Company 
About Us 
Careers 
Press Room 
Awards 
Community Involvement 
Sponsorships 
Investor Relations 
Excellence Guarantee 
Developer Program 

  









  


  


  


  





  


 SSL



  

 










For questions or assistance, call daily 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. (7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)1-888-944-9400 
Sitemap |
Privacy |
Legal |
Contact Us 
©
                         U.S. Cellular




 



 





































UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Telecommunications Services Industry Report


Wireless Telecommunications Services Industry Report


Competitive Reports

















UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATIONCompany Information

8410 W Bryn Mawr Ave #700Chicago, IL, 60631 United States(773) 399-8900 †

Top 3 Competitors

VERIZON WIRELESS, INC.
AT&T MOBILITY LLC
SPRINT CORPORATION



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION Company Profile


   United States Cellular takes calls from sea to shining sea. Doing business as U.S. Cellular, the company provides wireless phone service to about 5 million customers in about two dozen states in the US, largely in the Midwest and the South. Its pre- and post-paid products and services -- marketed directly, through the Internet, and from about 270 retail stores -- include mobile messaging, prepaid calling, international long distance, mobile Internet, and directory assistance. U.S. Cellular service is also sold through contracts with resellers. The company offers phones from HTC, LG Electronics, BlackBerry, and Samsung Electronics.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Chicago, IL, United States
Telecommunications Services
Wireless Telecommunications Services







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days




























Cell Phones, Tablets & Mobile Hotspots | U.S. Cellular














































 
 Skip Header Links

  


 LOG IN/REGISTER



Login














Forgot your User Name/Password?


Take me to:
                                        

SamsungYurbudsPlantronicLGGPadDisneyAccessoryZaggTestiPhone6sView Current BillRewardsAccessoryZaggPay BillCheck UsageHolidayDealsiPhonePreOrderMy Account HomeShop New DevicesAccessories
                                        


What would you like to do?:
                                        

Select One...
Add Line
Upgrade Line




LOG IN


                                    Don't have an account? Register here.
                                



Prepaid Customers Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.

PREPAID LOG IN/REGISTER



STORE LOCATOR
COVERAGE
GET E-MAIL UPDATES
 CART 

  



 Phones & More





  

iPhone
Check out the latest iPhone models.





  

Smartphones
All the latest technology from the top brands you love.





  

Tablets
Watch movies, read books, play games and stay connected on the go.





  

Basic Phones
Flip phones and other devices that are designed with just the essentials.





  

High-Speed Internet
Stay connected with our affordable home phone services and high-speed internet.




 Shop All Devices 





Explore

 Home Solutions › 
 Vehicle Services › 
 Certified Pre-Owned › 
 Trade-In Device › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Smartphone Center › 





 Plans






  

NEW Total Plans
Knock out hidden fees for good with our best cell phone plan yet, the affordable Total Plan.





  

Prepaid Plans
Plans with unlimited talk, text and all the data you need with no contract, no credit check and no overages.





  

Business Plans
Find the best plan with the right services to set your business up for success.




 Shop All Plans 





Explore

 High-Speed Internet Plans › 
 Other Plans › 
 International Services › 
 4G LTE™ › 
 Enhanced Calling › 
 Maps & Coverage Locator › 





 Accessories 





  

Cases & Protectors
Make sure your device is safe and stylish with the latest cases and protectors.





  

Chargers
Keep all of your devices powered up and ready to go with in-home and portable chargers.





  

Audio
Headphones, speakers, and more for all your audio needs.





  

Bluetooth
Stay connected on the go with Bluetooth® speakers, headsets and hands-free driving kits.





  

Deals & Offers
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.




 Shop All Accessories 





Explore

 On The Go › 
 Entertainment › 
 Health & Fitness › 
 At Home › 
 Business Accessories › 





 Offers





  

Devices for a Penny
Yes, you read that right. Shop devices offered for just a penny.





  

Certified Pre-Owned
Get amazing deals on all of our Certified Pre-Owned Devices.





  

Accessory Deals
Find great deals on the latest Accessories to compliment your Device.





  

Switcher Offer
Switch to U.S. Cellular® today and we'll cover your costs.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.





  

Deals & Promotions 
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.







 Business





  

Business Promotions
Find great deals on products and services to help your business grow.





  

Devices
Shop business-savvy Smartphones and Tablets.





  

Business Plans
Stay connected to your business. Find a plan that's right for you.





  

Business Solutions
Learn about our solutions for your business, including: automation, monitoring, asset management and communications.





  

Accessories
Shop the latest accessories for all your business needs.





  

Support
Contact U.S. Cellular®'s Business Concierge or Customer Service for help and support.







Sales & Support Info
To discuss your wireless business needs:

1-866-USC-4BIZ
M - F: 8AM - 9PM
Sat: 9AM - 7PM
Sun: 10AM - 7PM
(central)

For business customer care and support:
                                    1-800-819-9373




 Support





  

Contact Us
For questions or assistance:

1-888-944-9400
Daily: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
(7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)






  

Store Locator
Find your closest U.S. Cellular® store location.





  

FAQs
Read Frequently Asked Questions from other customers.





  

Current Customers
Log in or register for My Account to manage your account online.





  

Rebate Center
Pre-register, track and print your mail-in rebate.





  

Payment Options
Online, in-store, by mail, phone or electronic transfer - find a payment option that's right for you.





  

Software Updates
Make sure your device has the latest approved software to get the most out of your wirelesss experience.





  

Wireless
                                                Emergency Alerts
Learn more about mobile emergency notifications







 Why U.S. Cellular





  

In the Middle of Anywhere™
Get reliable network coverage and our great customer service wherever you are.





  

Lighting-Fast Connectivity
We're expanding our 4G LTE™ network, devices and data to help you keep up with the speed of life.





  

Live Life Connected
Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.







Explore

 Maps & Coverage › 
 Deals & Offers › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Switcher Offer › 


































































send to facebook1
print page







			Phones & More
			







Phones & More

 Products:

iPhone
Androids
Smartphones
Basic Phones
Certified Pre-Owned
Tablets
High-Speed Internet
 Services:

Vehicle Services
Home Solutions
Device Protection+
Trade-In & Recycling




 Apple®
                    iPhone® 

 Learn More Compare Models
 









 Androids 
 







 Smartphones 
 







 Basic Phones
                    Everything you need in a phone.
                        Nothing you don't.

 







 Certified Pre-Owned
                    The same great quality for
                        a lot less money.

 







 Tablets
                    The ultimate device for multitaskers.

 







 High-Speed Internet
                    Our 4G LTE™ Network means a faster, more reliable and secure Internet connection.


 Shop Routers Shop Hotspots Shop Wireless Modems 








 Vehicle Services
                    The tools you need to stay connected
                        on the road.









 Home Solutions
                    Security and services
                        for your connected home.









 Device Protection+
                    Protect your device from the unexpected.



Covers drops, spills, cracked screens, accidental damage — including liquid damage, loss and theft
Free next day business day delivery for replacement devices on approved claims, when available









 Trade-in & Recycling


Trade-In Program: Get up to $300 when you trade in a qualified device.


Recycling Program: Make a difference — recycle wireless devices from any carrier in an environmentally friendly and responsible way.


 FAQs












Pre-Order Today

Things we want you to know.





Devices for a Penny
Browse devices offered for just a penny. Shop Devices 

Deals and Promotions
Save even more with the our latest discounts, deals and special offers. View Deals 
 


FeaturedView All


Smartphones





Basic Phones





Tablets





Home Solutions




 
















Important Web Site Pages








Shop 
Phones 
Plans 
Accessories 
Offers 
Tablets 
High-Speed Internet
 Vehicle Services 
Home Solutions 
Business 





Need Assistance? 
Support 
FAQs 
Store Locator 
Contact Us 
Coverage Maps 
Rebate Center 
Device Protection+ Claim 
Return Policy 
Manage Your Data Usage 





Current Customers 
My Account 
Pay Bill 
Check Usage 
Upgrade Device/Add A Line 
Change Plan/Features 
Refer A Friend 
Send A Text Message 
Voice Mail Setup 
Voice Mail to Text Preferences 





Our Company 
About Us 
Careers 
Press Room 
Awards 
Community Involvement 
Sponsorships 
Investor Relations 
Excellence Guarantee 
Developer Program 

  









  


  


  


  





  


 SSL



  

 










For questions or assistance, call daily 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. (7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)1-888-944-9400 
Sitemap |
Privacy |
Legal |
Contact Us 
©
                         U.S. Cellular




 



 








































Cell Phone Plans - Shop & Compare Data Plans | U.S. Cellular











































 
 Skip Header Links

  


 LOG IN/REGISTER



Login














Forgot your User Name/Password?


Take me to:
                                        

SamsungYurbudsPlantronicLGGPadDisneyAccessoryZaggTestiPhone6sView Current BillRewardsAccessoryZaggPay BillCheck UsageHolidayDealsiPhonePreOrderMy Account HomeShop New DevicesAccessories
                                        


What would you like to do?:
                                        

Select One...
Add Line
Upgrade Line




LOG IN


                                    Don't have an account? Register here.
                                



Prepaid Customers Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.

PREPAID LOG IN/REGISTER



STORE LOCATOR
COVERAGE
GET E-MAIL UPDATES
 CART 

  



 Phones & More





  

iPhone
Check out the latest iPhone models.





  

Smartphones
All the latest technology from the top brands you love.





  

Tablets
Watch movies, read books, play games and stay connected on the go.





  

Basic Phones
Flip phones and other devices that are designed with just the essentials.





  

High-Speed Internet
Stay connected with our affordable home phone services and high-speed internet.




 Shop All Devices 





Explore

 Home Solutions › 
 Vehicle Services › 
 Certified Pre-Owned › 
 Trade-In Device › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Smartphone Center › 





 Plans






  

NEW Total Plans
Knock out hidden fees for good with our best cell phone plan yet, the affordable Total Plan.





  

Prepaid Plans
Plans with unlimited talk, text and all the data you need with no contract, no credit check and no overages.





  

Business Plans
Find the best plan with the right services to set your business up for success.




 Shop All Plans 





Explore

 High-Speed Internet Plans › 
 Other Plans › 
 International Services › 
 4G LTE™ › 
 Enhanced Calling › 
 Maps & Coverage Locator › 





 Accessories 





  

Cases & Protectors
Make sure your device is safe and stylish with the latest cases and protectors.





  

Chargers
Keep all of your devices powered up and ready to go with in-home and portable chargers.





  

Audio
Headphones, speakers, and more for all your audio needs.





  

Bluetooth
Stay connected on the go with Bluetooth® speakers, headsets and hands-free driving kits.





  

Deals & Offers
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.




 Shop All Accessories 





Explore

 On The Go › 
 Entertainment › 
 Health & Fitness › 
 At Home › 
 Business Accessories › 





 Offers





  

Devices for a Penny
Yes, you read that right. Shop devices offered for just a penny.





  

Certified Pre-Owned
Get amazing deals on all of our Certified Pre-Owned Devices.





  

Accessory Deals
Find great deals on the latest Accessories to compliment your Device.





  

Switcher Offer
Switch to U.S. Cellular® today and we'll cover your costs.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.





  

Deals & Promotions 
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.







 Business





  

Business Promotions
Find great deals on products and services to help your business grow.





  

Devices
Shop business-savvy Smartphones and Tablets.





  

Business Plans
Stay connected to your business. Find a plan that's right for you.





  

Business Solutions
Learn about our solutions for your business, including: automation, monitoring, asset management and communications.





  

Accessories
Shop the latest accessories for all your business needs.





  

Support
Contact U.S. Cellular®'s Business Concierge or Customer Service for help and support.







Sales & Support Info
To discuss your wireless business needs:

1-866-USC-4BIZ
M - F: 8AM - 9PM
Sat: 9AM - 7PM
Sun: 10AM - 7PM
(central)

For business customer care and support:
                                    1-800-819-9373




 Support





  

Contact Us
For questions or assistance:

1-888-944-9400
Daily: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
(7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)






  

Store Locator
Find your closest U.S. Cellular® store location.





  

FAQs
Read Frequently Asked Questions from other customers.





  

Current Customers
Log in or register for My Account to manage your account online.





  

Rebate Center
Pre-register, track and print your mail-in rebate.





  

Payment Options
Online, in-store, by mail, phone or electronic transfer - find a payment option that's right for you.





  

Software Updates
Make sure your device has the latest approved software to get the most out of your wirelesss experience.





  

Wireless
                                                Emergency Alerts
Learn more about mobile emergency notifications







 Why U.S. Cellular





  

In the Middle of Anywhere™
Get reliable network coverage and our great customer service wherever you are.





  

Lighting-Fast Connectivity
We're expanding our 4G LTE™ network, devices and data to help you keep up with the speed of life.





  

Live Life Connected
Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.







Explore

 Maps & Coverage › 
 Deals & Offers › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Switcher Offer › 








































































































































































































































































































send to facebook1
print page












Plans



NEW PLANS


TOTAL PLANSwithNO HIDDEN FEES

        Including Unlimited for just $40 per month.Per line with 4 lines


Things we want you to know.
        Knock out hidden fees for good with our best cell phone plan yet, the affordable Total Plan.
        Taxes and certain charges such as RCRF and USF apply.
Shop Total Plans




Or shop our other plans



No Contract cell phone plans with unlimited talk, text and lots of data. Plus, no credit check and no overages.
Shop Prepaid










Business Plans
Find a business plan that works for you. Get the data
            you need and save by sharing it with your team.
Shop Business






Data Only Plans
Stay connected with Internet access at home,
            at the office or on the go with our dependable
            high-speed data plans.
Shop Data Only




Explore our Global Solutions
Contact over 200 countries and stay in
            touch with the people who matter most
            in the Middle of Anywhere.
International Long Distance Plans >








Lifeline Calling Plans
A federal government benefit program available
            to qualifying low-income households.
Learn More >


Messaging-Only Plans
Plans designed for the deaf or hard of hearing
            and those who prefer to use messaging as their
            primary means of communication.
Learn More >


Maine Home Area Plans
Calling plans available only to residents
            of the state of Maine.
Learn More >



Why Switch to U.S. Cellular®?  Learn More >











Important Web Site Pages








Shop 
Phones 
Plans 
Accessories 
Offers 
Tablets 
High-Speed Internet
 Vehicle Services 
Home Solutions 
Business 





Need Assistance? 
Support 
FAQs 
Store Locator 
Contact Us 
Coverage Maps 
Rebate Center 
Device Protection+ Claim 
Return Policy 
Manage Your Data Usage 





Current Customers 
My Account 
Pay Bill 
Check Usage 
Upgrade Device/Add A Line 
Change Plan/Features 
Refer A Friend 
Send A Text Message 
Voice Mail Setup 
Voice Mail to Text Preferences 





Our Company 
About Us 
Careers 
Press Room 
Awards 
Community Involvement 
Sponsorships 
Investor Relations 
Excellence Guarantee 
Developer Program 

  









  


  


  


  





  


 SSL



  

 










For questions or assistance, call daily 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. (7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)1-888-944-9400 
Sitemap |
Privacy |
Legal |
Contact Us 
©
                         U.S. Cellular




 



 






































  USM:New York Stock Quote - United States Cellular Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  United States Cellular Corp   USM:US   New York        38.06USD   0.36   0.94%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   38.29    Day Range   37.89 - 39.19    Volume   97,403    Previous Close   38.42    52Wk Range   33.30 - 46.01    1 Yr Return   -5.91%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   38.29    Day Range   37.89 - 39.19    Volume   97,403    Previous Close   38.42    52Wk Range   33.30 - 46.01    1 Yr Return   -5.91%    YTD Return   -12.95%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   58.93    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.65    Market Cap (b USD)   3.231    Shares Outstanding  (m)   51.879    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.83    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.50%     Industry Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.50%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    12/14/2016   Analysts' Actions -- Akamai, Kroger, Prudential, Qualcomm and More  - The Street    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     10:05 AM   TDS and U.S. Cellular to release second quarter operating results and host conference call on August 4, 2017     7/25/2017   U.S. Cellular Launching Moto Z2 Force Edition on Aug. 10; Online Presale Begins July 25     7/17/2017   Jay G. Spenchian Joins U.S. Cellular Leadership Team as Senior Vice President of Marketing     6/16/2017   Switch to U.S. Cellular and Get Unlimited Data and a Free iPhone 7     6/8/2017   U.S. Cellular to Offer All-New 10.5-inch iPad Pro and New 12.9-inch iPad Pro     5/31/2017   TDS and U.S. Cellular present at two upcoming investor conferences     5/16/2017   TDS And U.S. Cellular To Webcast Annual Meetings Of Shareholders     5/15/2017   UNITED STATES CELLULAR (USM) SHAREHOLDER ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Investigating United States Cellular Corporation     5/8/2017   Prism Technologies Group Reports Federal Circuit Rejects Sprint's Request for Rehearing     5/5/2017   U.S. Cellular reports first quarter 2017 results    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   United States Cellular Corporation provides wireless telecommunications services. The Company offers its customers various national plans with voice, messaging, and data usage options, along with an array of smartphones, tablets, and other wireless devices. United States Cellular caters to customers throughout the United States.    Address  8410 West Bryn Mawr AvenueSuite 700Chicago, IL 60631United States   Phone  1-773-399-8900   Website   www.uscellular.com     Executives Board Members    Kenneth R Meyers  President/CEO    Douglas D Shuma "Doug"  Chief Accounting Officer    Steven T Campbell  Exec VP/CFO/Treasurer    Jay M Ellison  Exec VP/COO    Michael S Irizarry "Mike"  Exec VP/CTO:Engg & Info Svcs     Show More         










Best Cell Phone Plans | Shop Smartphones & Tablets | U.S. Cellular









































 
 Skip Header Links

  


 LOG IN/REGISTER



Login














Forgot your User Name/Password?


Take me to:
                                        

SamsungYurbudsPlantronicLGGPadDisneyAccessoryZaggTestiPhone6sView Current BillRewardsAccessoryZaggPay BillCheck UsageHolidayDealsiPhonePreOrderMy Account HomeShop New DevicesAccessories
                                        


What would you like to do?:
                                        

Select One...
Add Line
Upgrade Line




LOG IN


                                    Don't have an account? Register here.
                                



Prepaid Customers Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.

PREPAID LOG IN/REGISTER



STORE LOCATOR
COVERAGE
GET E-MAIL UPDATES
 CART 

  



 Phones & More





  

iPhone
Check out the latest iPhone models.





  

Smartphones
All the latest technology from the top brands you love.





  

Tablets
Watch movies, read books, play games and stay connected on the go.





  

Basic Phones
Flip phones and other devices that are designed with just the essentials.





  

High-Speed Internet
Stay connected with our affordable home phone services and high-speed internet.




 Shop All Devices 





Explore

 Home Solutions › 
 Vehicle Services › 
 Certified Pre-Owned › 
 Trade-In Device › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Smartphone Center › 





 Plans






  

NEW Total Plans
Knock out hidden fees for good with our best cell phone plan yet, the affordable Total Plan.





  

Prepaid Plans
Plans with unlimited talk, text and all the data you need with no contract, no credit check and no overages.





  

Business Plans
Find the best plan with the right services to set your business up for success.




 Shop All Plans 





Explore

 High-Speed Internet Plans › 
 Other Plans › 
 International Services › 
 4G LTE™ › 
 Enhanced Calling › 
 Maps & Coverage Locator › 





 Accessories 





  

Cases & Protectors
Make sure your device is safe and stylish with the latest cases and protectors.





  

Chargers
Keep all of your devices powered up and ready to go with in-home and portable chargers.





  

Audio
Headphones, speakers, and more for all your audio needs.





  

Bluetooth
Stay connected on the go with Bluetooth® speakers, headsets and hands-free driving kits.





  

Deals & Offers
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.




 Shop All Accessories 





Explore

 On The Go › 
 Entertainment › 
 Health & Fitness › 
 At Home › 
 Business Accessories › 





 Offers





  

Devices for a Penny
Yes, you read that right. Shop devices offered for just a penny.





  

Certified Pre-Owned
Get amazing deals on all of our Certified Pre-Owned Devices.





  

Accessory Deals
Find great deals on the latest Accessories to compliment your Device.





  

Switcher Offer
Switch to U.S. Cellular® today and we'll cover your costs.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.





  

Deals & Promotions 
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.







 Business





  

Business Promotions
Find great deals on products and services to help your business grow.





  

Devices
Shop business-savvy Smartphones and Tablets.





  

Business Plans
Stay connected to your business. Find a plan that's right for you.





  

Business Solutions
Learn about our solutions for your business, including: automation, monitoring, asset management and communications.





  

Accessories
Shop the latest accessories for all your business needs.





  

Support
Contact U.S. Cellular®'s Business Concierge or Customer Service for help and support.







Sales & Support Info
To discuss your wireless business needs:

1-866-USC-4BIZ
M - F: 8AM - 9PM
Sat: 9AM - 7PM
Sun: 10AM - 7PM
(central)

For business customer care and support:
                                    1-800-819-9373




 Support





  

Contact Us
For questions or assistance:

1-888-944-9400
Daily: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
(7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)






  

Store Locator
Find your closest U.S. Cellular® store location.





  

FAQs
Read Frequently Asked Questions from other customers.





  

Current Customers
Log in or register for My Account to manage your account online.





  

Rebate Center
Pre-register, track and print your mail-in rebate.





  

Payment Options
Online, in-store, by mail, phone or electronic transfer - find a payment option that's right for you.





  

Software Updates
Make sure your device has the latest approved software to get the most out of your wirelesss experience.





  

Wireless
                                                Emergency Alerts
Learn more about mobile emergency notifications







 Why U.S. Cellular





  

In the Middle of Anywhere™
Get reliable network coverage and our great customer service wherever you are.





  

Lighting-Fast Connectivity
We're expanding our 4G LTE™ network, devices and data to help you keep up with the speed of life.





  

Live Life Connected
Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.







Explore

 Maps & Coverage › 
 Deals & Offers › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Switcher Offer › 




















U.S. Cellular Home Page
Pause the scrolling slides
Our Latest Deals & Offers










 Things we want you to know. 









Shop Now


Smartphones



Plans



Tablets



Accessories



Offers







Explore
 Phones & More 
 On the Go 
 Entertainment 
 Health & Fitness 
 At Home 








Why Switch To U.S. Cellular?
Learn More>













Important Web Site Pages








Shop 
Phones 
Plans 
Accessories 
Offers 
Tablets 
High-Speed Internet
 Vehicle Services 
Home Solutions 
Business 





Need Assistance? 
Support 
FAQs 
Store Locator 
Contact Us 
Coverage Maps 
Rebate Center 
Device Protection+ Claim 
Return Policy 
Manage Your Data Usage 





Current Customers 
My Account 
Pay Bill 
Check Usage 
Upgrade Device/Add A Line 
Change Plan/Features 
Refer A Friend 
Send A Text Message 
Voice Mail Setup 
Voice Mail to Text Preferences 





Our Company 
About Us 
Careers 
Press Room 
Awards 
Community Involvement 
Sponsorships 
Investor Relations 
Excellence Guarantee 
Developer Program 

  









  


  


  


  





  


 SSL



  

 










For questions or assistance, call daily 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. (7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)1-888-944-9400 
Sitemap |
Privacy |
Legal |
Contact Us 
©
                         U.S. Cellular




 



 









































UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Telecommunications Services Industry Report


Wireless Telecommunications Services Industry Report


Competitive Reports















UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION Revenue and Financial Data


   United States Cellular takes calls from sea to shining sea. Doing business as U.S. Cellular, the company provides wireless phone service to about 5 million customers in about two dozen states in the US, largely in the Midwest and the South. Its pre- and post-paid products and services -- marketed directly, through the Internet, and from about 270 retail stores -- include mobile messaging, prepaid calling, international long distance, mobile Internet, and directory assistance. U.S. Cellular service is also sold through contracts with resellers. The company offers phones from HTC, LG Electronics, BlackBerry, and Samsung Electronics.
  







Financials Information for UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012




Revenue
$3939.0
$3996.853
$3892.747
$3918.836
$4452.084


Gross Profit
$2098.0
$2169.001
$1930.167
$2156.401
$2569.332


Operating Income
$0.0
$68.816
$-267.744
$-324.775
$195.766


Net Income
$48.0
$241.347
$-42.812
$140.038
$111.006


Diluted EPS
$0.56
$2.84
$-0.51
$1.65
$1.31










Cash Flow (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Cash at the beginning of the year
$715.376
$211.513
$342.065


Net Operating Cash
$501.0
$555.114
$172.342


Net Investing Cash
$-618.0
$-548.668
$-470.772


Net Financing Cash
$-12.0
$497.417
$167.878


Net Change in Cash
$-129.0
$503.863
$-130.552


Cash at end of the year
$586.0
$715.376
$211.513


Capital Expenditure
$-443.0
$-580.593
$-605.083










Assets (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Current Assets


Cash
$586.0
$715.376
$211.513


Net Receivables
$727.0
$672.219
$556.958


Inventories
$138.0
$149.307
$267.068


Other Income Assets
$23.0
$53.946
$90.834


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$1558.0
$1671.642
$1279.175


Net Fixed Assets
$2470.0
$2648.933
$2728.217


Other Noncurrent Assets
$405.0
$172.212
$276.218


Total Assets
$7110.0
$7059.978
$6487.268






Liabilities (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$321.0
$284.977
$316.619


Short Term Debt
$11.0
$11.313
$0.046


Other Current Liabilities
$274.0
$355.43
$437.415


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$718.0
$747.938
$856.894


Long Term Debt
$1618.0
$1628.507
$1151.819


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$302.0
$290.949
$304.936


Total Liabilities
$3476.0
$3499.465
$3185.277






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$
$
$


Common Stock Equity
$88.0
$88.074
$88.074


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$3634.0
$3560.513
$3301.991


Shares Outstanding
85.0
84.36
84.08







Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days






























United States Cellular Corp's Reviews, Salaries, Interviews & Resumes | LiveCareer


























 


  Menu  Close 
  LiveCareer  



 For Employers
 Contact Us
 Live Chat
 Log In
 Log In



Resume Builder 
 Resumes




Resume Examples
Resume Templates
Resume Samples
Resume Tips
Resume Services





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Admin
Business
Customer Service
Education




Engineering
Finance
Human Resources
IT
Law




Management
Media & Entertainment
Medical
Sales
Science




Retail
Marketing
Construction
Real Estate
Automotive




Production
Social Services
Transportation




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Business Templates
Classic Template
Computers Technology
Contemporary




Culinary Templates
Engineering Templates
Entry Level
Experienced
Management




Media Entertainment
Space Saver
Standard Template
Traditional
Traditional Template




IT
Customer Service
Sales
Education
Marketing




Retail
Medical
Finance
Microsoft Word
HR




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accountant
Analyst
Architect
Art
Bartender




Bookkeeper
Chef
Computer Science
Consultant
Engineering




Entry Level
Executive
Housekeeper
IT (Information Technology)
Manager




Military
Nursing
Receptionist
Resume Objectives
Retail




Sales
Server
Teacher
Technical
Resume Samples Guide




 View All Job Industries  





Featured Resume Tips





How to Include Keywords In Your Resume
Without strategically placing keywords in your resume, employers won't be able to find you.







Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume


Read More Resume Tips  

Resume Tips

How to Write Your First Resume
Best Resume Formats
Including References on Resume
Do's and Don'ts for Your Education Section
How to Write Your Resume Work Experience Section

View Other Resume Tips  



More Tips



  

Professional Resume Writing
Let us write it for you! Put the power of a professional resume writer on your side and get the job faster.



  

Resume Check
Make sure your resume is 100% error free! Instant feedback + make your resume recruiter ready.





  

Have a Pro Review Your Resume
Get an expert 2nd opinion with Resume Review. Professional advice will help you make your resume perfect so get you hired faster.



  

Professional Cover Letter Writing
Make the ultimate first impression with employers. Stand out from the crowd with a professionally written cover letter to match your resume.





 View Other Resume Services  







 Cover Letters




Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Examples
Letter Samples





COVER LETTER BUILER

  

Get your foot in the door with a stand-out cover letter
Your cover letter is your first change to impress potential employers. Cover Letter Builder gives you the tools to get noticed!
Create a Cover Letter  



COVER LETTER TIPS

  

Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume
Read Tips  





Cover Letter Job Industries



Education
Accounting & Finance
Customer Service
Management
Administrative




Marketing
Sales
Business
Medical
Healthcare




Media & Entertainment
IT (Information & Technology)




 See All Categories  





Letter Sample Categories



Cover Letters
Resignation Letters
Application Letters
Permission Letters
Termination Letters




Leave Letters
Appreciation Letters
Recommendation Letters
Thank You Letters
Appointment Letters




Reference Letters
Apology Letters




 See All Categories  







 Interviews




Interview Game Plan
Interview Videos
Interview Tips
Interview Questions





Interview Game Plan

  

Plan for Interview Success
Our proven solution is backed by a decade of research and has helped thousands get a job!
Learn more  



Free Video

  

3 Techniques To Answer Any Interview Question
Watch how you can answer any interview question and win the job!
Watch free video now 







Interview Videos

  

What's your greatest strength?
Interviewers will ask similar questions and gauge your response



  

How do you stay organized?
Hiring Managers want to learn how you get things done


View All Interview Videos  



Interview Categories

Common Questions
Good & Bad Answers
Good Answers Only
Bad Answers Only



Industries

Admin Support
Healthcare
Restaurant
Retail



View More Interview Preparations 







Job Interview Tips

  

Your First Ever Job Interview
10 tips that will help you have a successful first ever job interview.



  

What is your Biggest Failure?
Read how to properly interpret and answer this seemingly tricky question.





 View All Interview Tips  








Featured Interview Questions:

  

Why Are You The Best Candidate For This Position?
You want to make sure that you provide a clear and intelligible answer.



  

What Are Your Career Goals?
Make sure your goals line up with what you would be doing in their company.





 See All Interview Questions  







 Jobs




Search Jobs
Job Tips







Job Search Top Cities



Austin
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Jacksonville
Los Angeles




New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose





Job Search Top Industries



Accounting And Finance
Administrative Support
Business
Computers And Technology
Construction
Customer Service




Education And Training
Engineering
Food And Beverage
Healthcare
Human Resources
Sales





Job Search Top Companies



Amazon
Coca Cola Company
Costco
Fedex
Frito Lay
Google




Postmates
Procter and Gamble
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart






 View All Jobs  





Job Tips



  

Career Tips
You only get out of your career what you put into it.



  

Civic and Volunteer Activities Can Help You Get a Job
It makes you more well-rounded and enhances your appearance through your resume





  

Soft Skills in Demand
You may have skills that are high in demand and not even know it.





 Read All Job Tips  







 Companies




Companies









Amazon
Apple
Chevron Corp
Citibank
Coca Cola




Comcast
Costco
Deloitte
Fedex
General Electric




Google
Hewlett Packard
Hot Topic
Ikea
Kaiser Permanente




Sears
Mcafee
Nike
Nordstrom Rack
Planned Parenthood




Macy's
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart




 View All Companies  







 Resources




Resume Directory
Quintessential
Job Descriptions





Top Industries



Architecture
Community and Public Service
Education and Training
Government
Green Jobs
Healthcare




Human Resources
Management
Performing Arts
Science
Skilled Trades
Textile and Apparel




 View All Industries  






Quintessential by livecareer

  

What's your greatest strength?
Your one-stop source for the latest career tools, job search tips, and expert advice.
Read more 



I Am A Student

College Search
College Majors
College Planning
Internships

All Student Resources  

I Am A Career Changer

Career Assessment Tools
Articles
Find Your Career Passion
Quizzes

All Career Change Resources  

I Am A Job Seeker

Career Exploration
Checklist
Career Planning
Blog

All Job Seeker Resources  



Top Job Descriptions



Cashier Job Description
Project Manager Job Description
Accountant Job Description
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Operations Manager Job Description
Account Manager Job Description




Receptionist Job Description
Office Manager Job Description
Business Analyst Job Description
Marketing Manager Job Description
 Executive Assistant Job Description
Sales Associate Job Description




Sales Manager Job Description
Customer Service Job Description
 Sales Representative Job Description
Graphic Designer Job Description
Product Manager Job Description
General Manager Job Description




Data Analyst Job Description
Bookkeeper Job Description




 View All Job Descriptions  






















 LiveCareer 
 Company 
United States Cellular Corp 

















Search


















United States Cellular Corp














Overview



 Reviews
                                



 Interviews
                                



 Compensation
                                



 Benefits
                                


Is This your Company?














United States Cellular Corp Overview



Website:

N/A

Locations:


                                                             Darlington, WI 

                                                
& 221 other cities



Employees:
5




Founded:
N/A
President:
John Rooney
Industry:

Miscellaneous Retail Stores, Nec
& 6 other industries



Revenue:
$1,706,900





                                            United States Cellular Corp is a retail store, and it's conveniently located at Darlington, WI.
                                        









What’s your overall rating for United States Cellular Corp?
Skip question 









All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous



Thank you! Please, type the name of that employer.




Got it! 

Now tell us more about your employer

All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous

You have already provided some feedback on this company! 



Are you a current or former employee?
Skip question 



 Current
                

 Former
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




Would you recommend United States Cellular Corp to a friend?
Skip question 



 Yes
                

 No
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




How difficult was the interview at United States Cellular Corp?
Skip question 


Easy
Hard

5.0
 4.0
 3.0 
2.0 
1.0 

Hard
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




Did you get an offer?
Skip question 



 Yes
                

 No
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




What's your base salary?
Skip question 



$0-$29,999
$30,000-$37,999
$38,000-$49,999
$50,000-$67,999
$68,000+

All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




How do you rate the benefits at United States Cellular Corp?
Skip question 











All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous



GO TO FULL REVIEW



GO TO FULL REVIEW
Go to Company Overview




Your review is looking great!
Want to share more of your experience?

General Review

The Interview Process

Your Compensation

your Benefits


GO TO FULL REVIEW




Thanks for providing information about your experience with United States Cellular Corp








Add a New Company

Please fill out the information below about the company



Company Name



Company's Website



Business Address



Business Address (Optional)





State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






City





Zip







                                        You agree to the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy.
                                    




SUBMIT
Cancel









 



Build your resume today for FREE
Build your resume today










United States Cellular Corp Employee Statistics




School/University


Top Degrees


Also Worked at


Time at United States Cellular Corp



























                                                Employee education trends at United States Cellular Corp help provide insight into the company's intellectual environment.  The most common degrees held by United States Cellular Corp employees are Bachelors Degree, Associate of Science Degree, and JOSEPH M. DI GANGI.
                                            

                                                Candidates seeking work at United States Cellular Corp have also shown interest in LEAF CANDY COMPANY, SPIEGEL, AUSTIN CONSULTING COMPANY, DISTRIBUTION SCIENCES INCORPORATED, and MONTGOMERY WARD.
                                            



























United States Cellular Corp Top Locations











Popular Job Titles at United States Cellular Corp














Build your resume for FREE and get the job you've always wanted.
Build your resume today









Upload your logo.












Drop image here or click to  browse
(Acceptable file types include JPEG, PNG and Size should be less than 50KB)



File size 
Type 
Image dimension 



Uploading…
Error! . Try again!























Sign in to your Account


Email Address



Password



Log In


Stay signed in
                                        




Log In
Log In





Forgot password?

                                Don’t have an account? Sign up













Create a LiveCareer account


First Name



Last Name



Email Address



Password



Sign up





Already have an account?















Resume Tools

Resume Builder
Resume Tips
CV Templates
Resume Directory
Resume Samples





Cover Letter 

Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Tips
Cover Letter Samples





Mighty Recruiter 

Job Sourcing
Free Job Posting



Company 

Job Listings
Company Directory





Resources 

Quintessential LiveCareer
Education Opportunities





About 

Who We Are
Work Here
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use





Help & Support 

Customer Service/Billing
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions









 Language 





English
English (UK)






Español
Français






Italiano
Deutsch






Nederlands
Português
Polski







Customer Service 
 
customerservice@livecareer.com800-652-8430 Mon- Fri 8am - 8pm CST Sat 8am - 5pm CST, Sun 10am - 6pm CST
				  

Stay in touch with us













© 2017, Bold Limited. All rights reserved.


Powered by  














Login Page



















United States Cellular Corp - NYSE:USM - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















United States Cellular Corp (USM)
Follow




                                    38.06
                                

0.36
0.94




                        NYSE : Technology
                    

Jul 28, 2017 4:02 PM EDT












Prev Close
  38.42


Open
38.29


Day Low/High

                                    37.89 /
                                    39.19


52 Wk Low/High

                                    33.30 /
                                    46.01
                                


Volume
97.40K


Avg Volume 
113.40K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
84.88M


Market Cap
3.23B


EPS
0.60


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            49.48
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









TDS And U.S. Cellular To Release Second Quarter Operating Results And Host Conference Call On August 4, 2017











U.S. Cellular Launching Moto Z2 Force Edition On Aug. 10; Online Presale Begins July 25

















Jay G. Spenchian Joins U.S. Cellular Leadership Team As Senior Vice President Of Marketing
United States Cellular Corporation (NYSE: USM) announced that Jay G.

Jul 17, 2017 10:00 AM EDT













This Portfolio of 10 Profitable Small-Caps Has Produced Profitable Returns
It has been 18 months since the portfolio was unveiled, and the results have been impressive on the whole, with one big exception.

Jul 14, 2017 12:00 PM EDT









Switch To U.S. Cellular And Get Unlimited Data And A Free IPhone 7
Now is a great time to get iPhone 7 on us. Just in time for summer and for a limited time, U.

Jun 16, 2017 10:00 AM EDT









U.S. Cellular To Offer All-New 10.5-inch IPad Pro And New 12.9-inch IPad Pro
U.S.

Jun 8, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









TDS And U.S. Cellular Present At Two Upcoming Investor Conferences


May 31, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









TDS And U.S. Cellular To Webcast Annual Meetings Of Shareholders


May 16, 2017 10:23 AM EDT









UNITED STATES CELLULAR (USM) SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Andrews & Springer LLC Is Investigating United States Cellular Corporation For Potential Securities Violations And Breach Of Fiduciary Duty
Andrews & Springer LLC, a boutique securities class action law firm focused on representing shareholders nationwide, is investigating potential securities violations and breach of fiduciary duty claims...

May 15, 2017 8:03 AM EDT









TDS And U.S. Cellular To Release First Quarter Operating Results And Host Conference Call On May 5, 2017


Apr 28, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









USM Crosses Above Average Analyst Target
In recent trading, shares of United States Cellular Corp have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $39.25, changing hands for $39.43/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Apr 27, 2017 9:15 AM EDT













U.S. Cellular Stock Rising, Carlson Family Won't Sell
Investor Mario Gabelli believes U.S. Cellular could bring in a sum that is twice its current stock price.

Apr 10, 2017 10:01 AM EDT









(Photo: Business Wire)
U.S.

Mar 30, 2017 10:00 AM EDT









Pre-Order A Free Samsung Galaxy S8 Or Galaxy S8+ On March 30 At U.S. Cellular With Qualifying Trade-In
U.S.

Mar 29, 2017 11:30 AM EDT









U.S. Cellular To Offer IPhone 7 And IPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition And New 9.7-inch IPad On Friday, March 24
U.S.

Mar 22, 2017 10:30 AM EDT









U.S. Cellular Offering LG G6 For $10 Per Month Starting With Online And In-Store Presale On March 24
U.S.

Mar 16, 2017 9:30 AM EDT









U.S. Cellular's "Community Connections" Is Back For Its 3rd Year To Support Local Youth Organizations
U.S.

Feb 27, 2017 1:00 PM EST









TDS And U.S. Cellular Present At Two Upcoming Investor Conferences


Feb 27, 2017 11:00 AM EST









U.S. Cellular Introduces Unlimited Data Offering Among Its New Total Plans With No Hidden Fees
Straightforward wireless plans that eliminate the confusion of hidden fees are now available.

Feb 24, 2017 8:30 AM EST









TDS And U.S. Cellular To Release Fourth Quarter Operating Results And Host Conference Call On February 24, 2017


Feb 17, 2017 9:00 AM EST









U.S. Cellular Adds Value To Its Simple Connect And Ready Connect Prepaid Offerings
U.S.

Jan 27, 2017 10:00 AM EST













Analysts' Actions -- Akamai, Kroger, Prudential, Qualcomm and More
Here are Wednesday's top research calls, including upgrades for Akamai and Kroger, and downgrades for Prudential and Qualcomm.

Dec 14, 2016 8:10 AM EST













U.S. Cellular The Future Of Good Recipient Lia Haile With Erin Schultz, Hope House Director And Family Advocate. (Photo: Business Wire)
U.S.

Nov 29, 2016 11:27 AM EST













U.S. Cellular Announces Winners Of 'Most Valuable Coach' Program
Today U.S.

Nov 21, 2016 1:00 PM EST













Among The Black Friday Deals At U.S. Cellular: $500 Back On Samsung Smartphones, Free 58-Inch TV
Deal-seeking wireless shoppers will want to visit a U.S.

Nov 21, 2016 9:00 AM EST













Chicago Tribune Names U.S. Cellular A Winner Of The Chicago 2016 Top Workplaces Award
U.S.

Nov 11, 2016 9:00 AM EST













U.S. Cellular Launching LG V20 On Oct. 28; Online Presale Begins Today
U.S.

Oct 21, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Voting Begins Now For The Final 15 In U.S. Cellular's Most Valuable Coach Program
Today U.S.

Oct 20, 2016 1:00 PM EDT













U.S. Cellular Tops J.D. Power Wireless Network Quality Ranking In North Central Region
U.S.

Oct 13, 2016 9:00 AM EDT









The Small Caps With Cash Portfolio Powers Ahead
Still, I am neither disappointed nor thrilled with the performance.

Oct 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDT



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 4:02 PM EDT 7/28/2017


C
(Hold)






Get the (USM) Report Here 







From Our Partners



T-Mobile Is Flirting With A Bubble

SeekingAlpha



Verizon Is Noticeably Undervalued, Buy Before Earnings

SeekingAlpha



Past, Present, And Future Lessons Out Of 100 Seeking Alpha Articles

SeekingAlpha



United States Cellular (USM) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



SITO Mobile (SITO) Catches Eye: Stock Moves 16.5% Higher

Zacks



Telephone & Data Systems +5.2% on solid profit beat

SeekingAlpha



U.S. Cellular +8.5% as cost controls prompt Q1 beat

SeekingAlpha



United States Cellular beats by $0.20, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Friday’s open

SeekingAlpha



T-Mobile, Dish Network dominate spectrum spending as top two stand by

SeekingAlpha



T-Mobile up as key winner in FCC spectrum auction

SeekingAlpha



U.S. Cellular unveils prepaid unlimited-data plan

SeekingAlpha



March Madness: Final 4 Investing Bracket 2017

SeekingAlpha



Moody's lowers outlook on price war-torn wireless sector

SeekingAlpha



U.S. Cellular downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at Raymond James

The Fly



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C (Hold)



Get the (USM) Report Here 













 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












