 



WorldQuant Ventures Invests in untapt | Business Wire
























































WorldQuant Ventures Invests in untapt






October 27, 2016 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



OLD GREENWICH, Conn. & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--WorldQuant Ventures, an angel investment firm focused on disruptive 
      companies in technology, with a particular focus on data and finance, 
      today announced an investment in untapt inc., a digital hiring platform 
      that uses machine intelligence to match tech talent and employers. 
      WorldQuant Ventures’ investment allows untapt to scale its recruitment 
      platform to support all tech professionals and businesses in the United 
      States and launch its internal talent marketplace untaptX.
    


      “Hiring qualified technology professionals is a challenge for most 
      businesses,” said Steven Lau, Managing Director at WorldQuant Ventures. 
      “We believe that untapt’s innovative platform will change the way 
      employers identify and hire tech talent. We’re excited to announce our 
      investment in untapt, as the company approaches an ideal inflection 
      point to further grow and maximize its potential.”
    

      untapt is nearing the completion of this funding round, which is 
      expected to close on October 31, 2016 and includes other strategic 
      investors.
    

      “WorldQuant Ventures has tremendous experience working with innovative 
      companies that are driving advancements in data science and artificial 
      intelligence, making them an ideal partner to help us redefine the tech 
      talent market,” said Ed Donner, CEO and Co-Founder of untapt. “With this 
      capital, we will rapidly open up the untapt platform to serve all tech 
      hiring in the United States, and launch our new product untaptX for 
      internal mobility. We couldn’t be happier to do this with WorldQuant 
      Ventures at our side.”
    

About WorldQuant Ventures LLC


      WorldQuant Ventures LLC is an angel investment firm founded in 2014 as a 
      private investment vehicle for WorldQuant, LLC's founder, Igor 
      Tulchinsky. The firm is focused on disruptive companies in technology, 
      with a particular focus on data and finance, and has investments in over 
      20 companies. WorldQuant Ventures LLC is a separate entity from 
      WorldQuant, LLC, a global quantitative investment management firm. For 
      more information, please visit www.worldquantventures.com 
      and www.worldquant.com.
    

About untapt inc.


      untapt is a talent marketplace that uses artificial intelligence to 
      match technologists to their next position. This highly precise hiring 
      environment is the foundation of our two core products - an external 
      marketplace and an internal mobility environment - each enabling 
      companies to create a workforce poised for the future and allowing 
      candidates to find the perfect role. Visit untapt.com.
    




Contacts

      Claudia Gray / Christina FoxBrunswick Groupwqv@brunswickgroup.com+1 
      212-333-3810OrKate Brodockuntaptkate@untapt.com+1 
      646-878-6445
    



















Contacts

      Claudia Gray / Christina FoxBrunswick Groupwqv@brunswickgroup.com+1 
      212-333-3810OrKate Brodockuntaptkate@untapt.com+1 
      646-878-6445
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














	UNTAPT Trademark of Untapt Inc. Serial Number: 86042876 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
UNTAPT










 
Get FREE email alerts













UNTAPT  Trademark Information
 Untapt Inc
Employment counseling and recruiting; employment hiring, recruiting, placement, staffing and career networking services; employment recruiting and staffing services provided via text messaging; employment recruiting consultation; employment services, namely, providing a web site with online video, audio and textual interviewing forms to support recruiting, admissions, and general candidate screening processes; employment staffing consultation ...




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
employment   counseling   recruiting   employment   hiring      recruiting      placement      staffing   career   networking   services   employment   recruiting   staffing   services   provided   text   messaging   employment   recruiting   consultation   employment   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the UNTAPT trademark by Untapt Inc 
                                in New York, NY, 10018.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this UNTAPT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Untapt Inc of the UNTAPT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the UNTAPT trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, August 20, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        UNTAPT by 
                        Untapt Inc, New York, NY  10018.
                        The USPTO has given the UNTAPT 
                        trademark serial  number of  86042876.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for UNTAPT is 
                        
                        
                                            LAURIE MARSHALL, ESQ. of 
                                            Marshall Law Group PLLC,  Suite 4A, 562 West End Ave NEW YORK NY 10024
                                .
                            The UNTAPT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for UNTAPT 
                            is Employment counseling and recruiting; employment hiring, recruiting, placement, staffing and career networking services; employment recruiting and staffing services provided via text messaging; employment recruiting consultation; employment services, namely, providing a web site with online video, audio and textual interviewing forms to support recruiting, admissions, and general candidate screening processes; employment staffing consultation services; employment verification; professional staffing and recruiting services; providing an employer with candidates or potential employees to fill temporary, contract and permanent positions; providing on-line employment placement services, namely, matching resumes and potential employers via a global computer network; providing on-line interactive employment counseling and recruitment services; providing online databases featuring information relating to employers and employees and places of employment; employment hiring, advertising, recruiting, placement, staffing, and career networking services; employment candidate sourcing, matching, assessment, evaluation, interviewing; employment services, namely, providing a website with online video, audio and textual interviewing and scheduling tools to support recruiting, admissions, contract negotiation and closing, on-boarding employees and general candidate screening processes; providing on-line interactive employment counseling and recruitment services. 
                            





Word mark:
 UNTAPT


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

12/2/2014



  Serial Number:  
86042876


  Filing Date:  
8/20/2013


 Registration Number:  
4650078 


 Registration Date:  
12/2/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Employment counseling and recruiting; employment hiring, recruiting, placement, staffing and career networking services; employment recruiting and staffing services provided via text messaging; employment recruiting consultation; employment services, namely, providing a web site with online video, audio and textual interviewing forms to support recruiting, admissions, and general candidate screening processes; employment staffing consultation services; employment verification; professional staffing and recruiting services; providing an employer with candidates or potential employees to fill temporary, contract and permanent positions; providing on-line employment placement services, namely, matching resumes and potential employers via a global computer network; providing on-line interactive employment counseling and recruitment services; providing online databases featuring information relating to employers and employees and places of employment; employment hiring, advertising, recruiting, placement, staffing, and career networking services; employment candidate sourcing, matching, assessment, evaluation, interviewing; employment services, namely, providing a website with online video, audio and textual interviewing and scheduling tools to support recruiting, admissions, contract negotiation and closing, on-boarding employees and general candidate screening processes; providing on-line interactive employment counseling and recruitment services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/14/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Untapt IncNew York, NY  10018
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


LAURIE MARSHALL, ESQ.
Marshall Law Group PLLC
Suite 4A
562 West End Ave
NEW YORK NY 10024





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/29/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
10/29/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your UNTAPT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/2/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LAURIE MARSHALL, ESQ.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of UNTAPT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search untapt on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for UNTAPT 




UNTAPT is providing Employment counseling and recruiting; employment hiring, recruiting, placement, staffing and career networking services; employment recruiting and staffing services provided via text messaging; employment recruiting consultation; employment services, namely, providing a web site with online video, audio and textual interviewing forms to support recruiting, admissions, and general candidate screening processes; employment staffing consultation services; employment verification; professional st....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































 



 untapt inc. Completes $3 Million Series A Preferred Stock Financing 
         










    










 






 











 









untapt inc. Completes $3 Million Series A Preferred Stock Financing

Apr 21, 2015, 08:45 ET
		  		  					
						 from   untapt inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, April 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- untapt inc., the first automated recruiting platform exclusively focused on connecting financial services companies with top tech talent, today announced the completion of a $3 million Series A Preferred Stock financing led by Tsai Capital Corporation and its affiliates. The round also included participation from SenaHill Investment Group, LLC, and other investors. 
"This is a tremendously important moment for our business," said Ed Donner, co-founder and CEO of untapt. "The untapt platform has a proven track record of connecting talented software developers with companies ranging from FinTech startups and hedge funds to global investment banks. Now we are ready to scale. There are over 400,000 new tech jobs in global financial services each year and more than 15 million technologists worldwide; this Series A financing enables us to bring these two sides of the market together."
untapt is the only recruitment platform that focuses exclusively on the intersection of financial services and technology, where demand is exploding. untapt's proprietary algorithm connects a growing talent pool of highly qualified engineers with top financial services companies, both large and small, ensuring the right matches based on factors such as experience, skills and education overlaid with industry-specific analytics. The more companies and candidates use the system, the more it learns and can predict the best fit.
Christopher Tsai, President and Chief Investment Officer of Tsai Capital Corporation, and Kyle Zasky, a partner with SenaHill Partners, LP, have joined untapt's board of directors.
"untapt is a game changer for top tech talent and thousands of businesses around the world," stated Tsai. "Moreover, untapt has a huge market opportunity, a superb business model and an experienced management team. We look forward to helping the company maximize its potential."
About untapt inc.untapt was founded by Ed Donner, a former Managing Director in technology at JP Morgan, Geoff Massam, a former CIO at Deutsche Bank, and Max Kantelia, an entrepreneur in recruitment and FinTech. The team has built the first automated recruiting platform exclusively focused on the financial services technology and FinTech space. untapt brings together top tech talent with the leading banks and financial institutions, hedge funds, and startups that need them, making a once-painful process simple. It offers a confidential, automated platform that leverages a proprietary algorithm to intelligently match companies and candidates, then connects them directly. This enables scalability and efficiency in the recruiting process – at a fraction of the cost. For more information, visit untapt.com. 
About Tsai Capital CorporationTsai Capital Corporation is a global equity manager headquartered in New York City. Through original, in-depth research that digs deep into a company's operations, Tsai Capital seeks long-term investments in a limited number of companies that Tsai Capital believes are high-quality, growth companies that offer significant upside potential and a margin of safety at the time of purchase. The company was founded in 1997 by Christopher Tsai, President and Chief Investment Officer. Tsai Capital is an SEC-registered investment adviser. For more information, visit tsaicapital.com.
About SenaHill Investment Group, LLCSenaHill is a merchant bank connecting the dots between global financial institutions and the entrepreneurial innovators of financial technology. We ensure the right ideas get in front of the right people. As former operators with incredible domain expertise in the Fin-Tech space, we view our client's business from the perspective of experience, not a spreadsheet. For more information, visit www.senahill.com.
 SOURCE  untapt inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.untapt.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Aug 31, 2016, 08:07 ET
Preview: untapt and Women 2.0 Announce a Partnership to Focus on Diversity in Tech Hiring






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




















 



 untapt and Women 2.0 Announce a Partnership to Focus on Diversity in Tech Hiring 
         










    










 













 











 



















untapt and Women 2.0 Announce a Partnership to Focus on Diversity in Tech Hiring
        																																
              

          The collaboration will work to develop a solution to the 'pipeline' problem in technology recruiting.
        











 News provided by
untapt inc.  
Aug 31, 2016, 08:07 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Aug. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- untapt inc., a digital hiring platform that uses machine intelligence to match tech talent and employers and Women 2.0, a for-profit for-good company that works to bring women into the tech industry through various pipelines, announce the formation of a strategic partnership to address diversity in technology hiring.  








Female engineers have been historically under-represented on tech teams across industry verticals. untapt and Women 2.0 will focus directly on creating a hiring marketplace that measurably impacts and improves upon this discrepancy.
"untapt has had an ongoing focus on diversity hiring and their sophisticated talent platform is a good fit for us," said Elisa Miller-Out, the newly appointed COO of Women 2.0. "As partners, untapt and Women 2.0 will combine forces to realize our shared mission, boosting gender equality in the workforce and allowing companies to become more inclusive in their hiring decisions."
"Our clients tell us the number one challenge they face is finding diverse, highly-talented technologists," reports Geoff Massam, Co-Founder of untapt. "This is a no brainer in terms of company goals, and we're excited to change that reality for the tech hiring space."
The partnership goal is to align the two platforms to offer a combined pool of opportunities and candidates. The relationship is prompted by the acquisition and transition of Women 2.0 to Kate Brodock, current CMO of untapt, who will act as Co-Founder and President of Women 2.0.
About untapt inc.untapt is the place for tech talent. Using machine intelligence, our platform allows technologists to discover their future and get perfectly matched to their next position. Through our proprietary architecture combined with structured and unstructured data, we've created a highly effective, precise and unrivaled hiring environment. It's an entirely new way to think about the talent marketplace. For more information, visit untapt.com.
About Women 2.0 Women 2.0 is creating a future where gender is no longer a factor. Founded in April 2006, it's the world's largest media brand serving the next generation of technology leaders.The for-profit, for-good company takes an action-oriented approach to directly address the pipeline from all side: hiring, founding, investing and leading. For more information, visit women2.com. 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/untapt-and-women-20-announce-a-partnership-to-focus-on-diversity-in-tech-hiring-300320394.html
SOURCE  untapt inc.
 Related Links

https://www.untapt.com



 













Apr 21, 2015, 08:45 ET
Preview: untapt inc. Completes $3 Million Series A Preferred Stock Financing






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
untapt and Women 2.0 Announce a Partnership to Focus on Diversity in Tech Hiring


 News provided by
untapt inc.  
Aug 31, 2016, 08:07 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 












Find the perfect job. Find the perfect tech talent. Do it all smarter.











































                Land the job you want.
                
                Find the tech talent you need.
            



Machine-driven technology hiring.

            untapt is the next generation digital hiring platform for technologists and employers.
            It  uses machine intelligence to match candidates with open jobs in tech.
            
            Our powerful data-driven platform uses complete candidate and hiring-side data
            sets to create precise connections between tech talent and open positions.
		



Looking for a new job?

                First things first.  We aren't a recruitment agency.  Our machine connects you directly to
                open positions in the amount of time it takes you to sign up – 5 minutes tops.  And because
                you're in control, you get to apply to the jobs you're interested in.
                
                It's truly hassle-free.
            


                    Email us at info@untapt.com to set up a demo today.
                
Sign up and see our jobs



Need the best developers?

                As the industry experiences an influx of new technologies,
                tech firms and start-ups alike have a huge need to find and hire
                great developers.  Oh, but isn't this process painful and slow?
                
                We make the whole thing easier by connecting you to precisely-matched candidates directly.
			


                    Email us at info@untapt.com to set up a demo today.
                
Find tech talent







                Meet the team 





                In the media 







Navigation
For Hiring Managers
About
Industry Insights
Engineering Insights
Our Team
Press
Careers


Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us


Social
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn


Contact
info@untapt.com

untapt inc.
225 W 35th Street
New York, NY
10001










            © , untapt inc.
        
























Find the perfect job. Find the perfect tech talent. Do it all smarter.











































Internal Mobility


External Marketplace





Hire smarter

                Our machine intelligence connects you to the highest quality tech talent.
			
Request a Demo

				Interested? Email us at info@untapt.com




Hire better.

            Our algorithm is powerful. It matches you to top engineers more precisely and more quickly, so you can start interviewing great talent right away.
        



3.5x



                    We’re over three times better than a human recruiter at finding the best candidate.
                



40%



                    Our matches are so precise, you’ll want to interview nearly half of the candidates we connect you to.
                



4.7



                    Hiring managers using our platform usually find the perfect match before they’ve interviewed five of our candidates.







                "Significant increase in resume flow and interviews. More high quality candidates than other platforms we’ve used."
            
Recruitment at Global Financial Institution




In good company.

				Many major industry players are already finding high-quality tech talent on our platform.
			























          "The best site for sourcing IT talent. The resumes I receive are high quality and relevant to the job opening."
			
CEO Hedge Fund





Priced to perfection.


                        Our unlimited-placement subscription plans are based on your company size.*
                        Each plan delivers you a focused, precisely matched pool of top engineering talent.
                    

                        * We’re startup-friendly.
                    









Reach out for more details today.
                

                    Email us at info@untapt.com to set up a demo today.
                


Request a Demo






Interested in learning more?

					The world's best technologists are waiting to hear from you.
				



Your Name



Company



Email



I'm ready




					Submitting demo request…
				







Navigation
For Hiring Managers
About
Industry Insights
Engineering Insights
Our Team
Press
Careers


Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us


Social
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn


Contact
info@untapt.com

untapt inc.
225 W 35th Street
New York, NY
10001










            © , untapt inc.
        
























Find the perfect job. Find the perfect tech talent. Do it all smarter.











































            Come work with us.
        



Careers at untapt

        We’re a small but well-funded startup in NYC looking to transform the job market for developers in tech.
        

        We’re looking for exceptional people who are keen to contribute to every aspect of the business, from shaping the product to meeting directly with clients. You should be passionate about disrupting this space and excited to be part of the journey.
        

        We’re big believers in being happy at work (see Max’s blog post) and we offer a great benefits package including healthcare and a health club allowance.
    


Current Positions




Full Stack Developer

                We’re looking for a senior software developer who’s comfortable working across the tech stack, but particularly strong with Python and Javascript. Our ideal candidate would have some experience with AngularJS, Flask and MongoDB. Above all we value software engineering expertise, and someone who will not compromise on elegant code design.
                

                If you have strong opinions, obsess over every detail, and want to be part of building something completely new from the ground up — let’s talk.
                

                Here’s how we’d ask you to apply: sign up at untapt.com. You should match with our position and be able to show your interest using the platform. We look forward to seeing your profile and connecting directly with you.
            




Sales Manager

                Right now we're looking for a well-rounded Software Sales professional with client-facing experience. You'll manage the entire sales cycle for your clients. But hey, we're a start-up -- so be ready to wear many hats, from lead generation and cold calling to strategy and advising improvements on our platform.
                

Job Profile

                    ● Create high volume of activity on the phone, events, and email 
                    ● Forecast accurately 
                    ● Consistently exceed quarterly and annual sales targets
                    ● This is an individual contributor role 
                    ● Calling on new customers 
                    ● Working with Account Service team for best prospect and client needs and success
                

                Send an email to phil@untapt.com.
            







            Meet the team 





            In the media 







Navigation
For Hiring Managers
About
Industry Insights
Engineering Insights
Our Team
Press
Careers


Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us


Social
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn


Contact
info@untapt.com

untapt inc.
225 W 35th Street
New York, NY
10001










            © , untapt inc.
        
























untapt | Our Team










































The Team

                untapt is passion first – our team of entrepreneurs and engineers are obsessed with creating a phenomenal tech hiring experience.
            







Phil Barry
Chief Sales Officer
DOS at Pointmarc (Acquired by Merkle)  SVP of Sales at Sweetspot Intelligence



Ed Donner
Co-Founder and CEO

                        MD at JPMorganIBM and FinTech startup
                    



Max Kantelia
Co-Founder and Strategic Advisor

                        Global FinTech Entrepreneur and Leadership Search Specialist to Financial Institutions
                    



Sam Kenny
Senior Technologist
CTO at C12 Capital ManagementBarclays Capital, JPMorgan



Jon Krohn
Chief Data Scientist
Oxford Neuroscience PhD  Data Scientist with Omnicom



Charles Lurie
Sales Director
Business DevelopmentUMass Isenberg



Alyssa Maywalall
Manager of Customer Success

                        Recruitment at Mason Frank International
                        
                        Product Specialist at Creative Channel Services
                    



Amy McCooey
Director of Business Development

                        Sales Goldman Sachs
                        
                        Angel Investor / Advisor
                    



Oboe
Chief Happiness Officer
Andrea Arden Puppy SchoolPotty Trained



Mike Schoen
Head of Talent
Executive Recruiter at Career Path Group



Andrew Vlahutin
Data Engineer
Director of Technology at Cornerstone CapitalVP at JP Morgan



Jake Zerrer
Product Manager & Engineer
New York University



You!
Your Dream Job
View current openings






Specialists

                untapt is in good hands with our supporting team of domain experts.
            











Jen Boo
Business Development







Chuck Jordan
Finance







Rob Odell
General Counsel






Advisors

 We owe much of our success to our brilliant advisors – an eclectic group of luminaries from around the world.
            







Bronwen Bastone
SenaHillAdvisory Network
Chief Human Resources Officerat Knight Capital Group



Andy Brown
CEO and Co-FounderSand Hill East
Group CTO UBS, Head of Strategy, Architecture and Optimization at BAML



Mark Hemsley
CEOBATS Chi-X Europe
MD LIFFE Market SolutionsMD of Global Tech at Deutsche Bank



Larry Klane
Co-founderPivot Investment Partners
CEO Korea Exchange Bank, Head of Global Financial Services at Capital One



Geoff Massam
Co-founder untapt
CIO Capital Markets, Deutsche Bank



Tony McCarthy
Advisor andInvestor
Group CIO Deutsche BankMD at Morgan Stanley



Aron Miodownik
SenaHill  Advisory Network
MD at Cambrian Consulting Founder, Cambrian Associates



Kit Wong
Director, Sales Strategy and Operations APAC, Google
Corporate Strategy at ANZ, McKinsey, Wharton MBA







Board of Directors




Christopher Tsai
President & CIOTsai Capital Corporation


Kyle Zasky
Founding Partner  SenaHill Partners, LP


Ed Donner
Co-founder & CEO  untapt


Max Kantelia
Co-founderuntapt








Navigation
For Hiring Managers
About
Industry Insights
Engineering Insights
Our Team
Press
Careers


Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us


Social
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn


Contact
info@untapt.com

untapt inc.
225 W 35th Street
New York, NY
10001










            © , untapt inc.
        




















untapt




























UNTAPT TERMS OF SERVICE 

    Last Modified: 25th January 2016
WELCOME 

    Welcome to untapt.com. These terms and conditions (these
    "Terms of Service") are an agreement between untapt Inc. ("untapt"), a Delaware
    corporation, the owner and operator of untapt.com (the "Site"), the technology
    platform for hiring technologists into financial institutions (collectively,
    the "Service"), and you.  These Terms of Service apply to your access to and
    use of untapt.com, whether as a guest or a Member.

    PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU START
    TO USE THE SITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS SITE IN ANY WAY, INCLUDING BROWSING
    THE SITE, AND/OR LOGGING IN AND USING THE SERVICE AS A MEMBER, YOU ACCEPT AND
    AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY, FOUND AT  http://www.untapt.com/privacy, AND
    YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING AGREEMENT WITH UNTAPT. IF
    YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY,
    YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS SITE OR THE SERVICE. 

    Throughout these Terms of Service, the words "untapt", "us",
    "our" and "we" refer to our company, untapt Inc., our Site or our Service,
    depending on the context. The term "you" refers to the individual or legal
    entity, as applicable, identified as the user when you use the Site in any
    manner (whether as a Member or not). 
    The term "Member"
    refers to users of our Service who log-in to the Site using a unique user name
    and password. The term "Employer" will refer to a company that is interested in
    reviewing and evaluating Member information and materials and considering
    certain Members for employment positions through the use of our Service.

    Members: As a Member of untapt, you may provide us
    information such as your name, email address,  telephone number, skill set, resume,
    compensation details, a video of yourself,  as well as any other documents,
    materials or additional information, either upon request or otherwise. We may
    review the information that you provide to us and may share it with prospective
    Employers  In using this Site or joining as a Member, you agree to (i) provide
    true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and (ii)
    maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, accurate,
    current and complete  (all the information and materials you provide will be
    referred to as your "User Content"). You agree not to create an account using a
    false identity or false information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself. 
    You agree that you shall not have more than one account.  You agree not to
    create an account or use the Site or Service if you have been previously banned
    from the Site or Service. 

    Employers: Employers seeking access to information about
    prospective employees who are Members of untapt, must log into http://www.untapt.com/manager
    and agree to separate terms of service found on that site.  The Terms of
    Service found on this Site do not apply to Employers.

    UNTAPT DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT
    YOU WILL OBTAIN ANY EMPLOYMENT OR OFFERS FOR EMPLOYMENT THROUGH THE SERVICE. UNTAPT
    IS NOT AN EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY
    AGREEMENTS BETWEEN PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYERS AND USERS OF OUR SITE AND SERVICE. 

    You agree to keep all information gained from using our Site
    confidential. You agree that you will take appropriate physical, technical and
    administrative measures to protect information you obtain (including
    information and materials about potential job opportunities) through use of the
    Site and Service from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration
    or destruction. You also agree that the information you obtain through the Site
    and the Service is for your own personal use and that you will not share this
    information with others, including by posting or otherwise.
CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE

    PLEASE NOTE THAT UNTAPT MAY REVISE AND UPDATE THESE TERMS OF SERVICE
    FROM TIME TO TIME IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION. When we make changes, we will make a
    new copy  of these Terms of Service available on this Site and will update the
    "Last Modified" date at the top of these Terms of Service.  For major updates,
    we may also email you or post a message on our home page notifying you of the
    change. All changes are effectively immediately when we post them on the Site. 
    PLEASE  CHECK THIS PAGE OFTEN SO THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF ANY CHANGES, AS THEY ARE
    BINDING ON YOU. If you do not agree to any changes(s), you may no longer access
    or use this Site or the Service. Your continued use of the Site and/or Service
    means that you accept and agree to the changes we’ve made. 

    While we try to provide accurate information, and we may
    update or change our Site from time to time without notifying you, that does
    not mean that the content of the Site is complete or up-to-date. We are under
    no obligation to update the material on the Site. We may also suspend access to
    the Site, or close it indefinitely. 
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES

    You may use the Site and Service only for lawful purposes and
    in accordance with these Terms of Service. You are responsible for your use of
    the Site and Service and for any use of the Site or Service made using your
    Membership. You agree when using our Site and Service:


    You will  not
    violate any applicable federal, state, local and international law or
    regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of
    data or software to and from the US or other countries) or any requirements,
    procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to untapt, and you
    are responsible for such violations.
    

    You will not send,
    knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not
    comply with the Content Standards  set out in these Terms of Service. You will
    not impersonate or attempt to impersonate untapt or an untapt employee, another
    user, or person or entity (including, without limitation, the use of e-mail
    addresses associated with any of the foregoing).
    

    You will not
    stalk, harass, bully or harm another individual.
    

    You will not
    engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or
    enjoyment of the Site or Service, or which, as determined by us, may harm untapt
    or users of the Site or Service or expose them to liability.
    

    You will not use
    the Site or Service in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or
    impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of the Site or Service,
    including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Site and
    Service.
    

    You will not use
    any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Site
    or Service.
    

    You will not use
    any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Site  or for
    any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
    

    You will not
    copy, distribute or disclose any part of the Site or the Service in any medium,
    including without limitation by automated or non-automated "scraping".
    

    You will not take
    any action that we determine, in our sole discretion, imposes, or may impose,
    an unreasonably disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
    

    You will not use
    any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site
    or the Service.
    

    You will not introduce
    any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is
    malicious or technologically harmful or upload invalid data.
    

    You will not attempt
    to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of
    the Site or Service, the server on which the Site is stored and the Service is
    run, or any server, computer or database connected to the Site or Service.
    

    You will not
    attack the Site or Service via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed
    denial-of-service attack.
    


    You will not otherwise
    attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or Service.
    


    You will not
    collect or harvest any personally identifiable information from the Site or
    Service.
    


    You will not
    sell, transfer or assign the Service or any part of the Service, or your right
    to use the Service or Site, to any third party, or offer the Service, or any User
    Content obtained from the Site or Service, on a time-sharing or other
    commercial basis.
    

    You will not
    access, copy, or otherwise use the Site or the Service, including our
    intellectual property and trademarks, except as authorized by these Terms of
    Service or as otherwise authorized in writing by untapt.
    


    You must treat any user name, password or any other piece of
    information that you are provided with as part of untapt’s security proedures
    as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. You agree to
    immediately notify untapt of any unauthorized use of your user name or password
    or any other breach of security, and ensure that you exit from your account at
    the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your
    account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or
    record your password or other personal information. 
CONTENT STANDARDS: YOUR RESPONSIBLITIES RELATING TO THE USER CONTENT YOU
    PROVIDE 

    These Terms of Service apply to any and all User Content you
    provide to us via the Site and Service. You understand that any and all User Content
    you provide must comply with all applicable federal, state, local and
    international laws and regulations. If you provide any User Content that is
    untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or otherwise violates any provision
    of these Terms of Service, untapt has the right to remove such content, or suspend,
    reject or remove your account and refuse your current or future use of the Site
    or Service. 

    Without limiting the foregoing, the User Content you provide
    will not: 


    Contain any
    material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing,
    violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
    

    Promote sexually
    explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race,
    sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
    

    Infringe any
    patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property
    rights of any other person (thus you may not upload any User Content that
    includes any third party intellectual property unless you have permission from
    the owner to use it in the specific manner that you have used it).
    

    Violate the legal
    rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any
    material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under
    applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these
    Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy http://www.untapt.com/privacy


    Be likely to
    deceive any person.
    

    Promote any
    illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
    

    Cause annoyance,
    inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or
    annoy any other person.
    

    Be used to
    impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with
    any person or organization.
    

    Involve
    commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent, such as
    contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter, advertising or
    pyramid schemes.
    

    Give the
    impression that it emanates from us, if this is not the case.
    

HOW UNTAPT MAY USE THE USER CONTENT YOU PROVIDE 

    The User Content you post to the Site
    will be considered confidential and proprietary to you. You grant untapt and
    its owners, affiliates, representatives, licensors and assigns a fully-paid,
    royalty-free, world-wide, universal, transferable, non-cancelable, exclusive
    right and license, in perpetuity, to (i) use, copy, distribute, disclose,
    modify, prepare derivative works from, store, and otherwise use and reuse all
    or any part of the User Content in order to provide the Services, including
    without limitation, to provide part or all of your User Content to prospective
    Employers as we see fit. We also have the right to create aggregated and
    anonymized reports based on such User Content,  and to use such reports for
    marketing purposes and distribution to third parties at our discretion, so long
    as such reports do not disclose personal data about, or otherwise identify, a
    user specifically.  You represent and warrant that you own or control all
    rights in and to your User Content, have the right to grant untapt and its
    affiliates the license you have granted above, and that all of your User
    Content does and will comply with these Terms of Service.  You agree to defend,
    indemnify and hold harmless untapt and its affiliates and licensors for any
    breach of these representations and warranties. 

    You understand and acknowledge that you, not untapt, are
    fully responsible for any User Content you submit or contribute, including the
    legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness of such User Content.  Any
    content and/or opinions uploaded, expressed, or submitted to the Site, and all
    articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content
    provided by untapt, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the
    person or entity submitting them and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of untapt. 
    We are not responsible, or liable to  you or any other user or third party, for
    the content or accuracy of any User Content or any other materials posted by
    you or any other user of the Site, even if that content violates these Terms of
    Service or other policies stated anywhere on our Site and untapt takes no
    action to remove that content or terminate the relevant user’s Membership. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

    The entire content of the Site (including all information,
    software, text, displays, images, video and audio) and its design, selection
    and arrangement, including untapt created text, escripts, graphics, interactive
    features and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained in such
    materials ("Marks") are owned by or licensed to untapt and are protected by
    United States and international laws regarding copyrights, trademarks, trade
    secrets and other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to not
    copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display or perform,
    republish, download or store, or transmit any of the material on our Site unless
    we have given you express permission to do so, except to: (i) print a
    reasonable number of pages of the Site for a permitted use; and (ii) make
    copies of your own User Content. You will agree not to delete or alter any
    copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices appearing on such materials.
    

    If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use any part
    of the Site in breach of these Terms of Service, your right to use the Site
    will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any
    copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the
    Site or any content on the Site are transferred to you, and all rights not
    expressly granted in these Terms of Service are reserved by untapt. Any use of
    the Site not expressly permitted by these Terms of Service is a breach of these
    Terms of Service and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT; TERMINATION

    Your ability to use and interact with this Site is a
    privilege, not a right, and we reserve the right to take any action that we
    deem proper, without notice, to prevent any violation, enforce any provision,
    or rectify any alleged violations, of these Terms of Service or any applicable
    law at our sole discretion.We may take any action with respect to any User
    Content, including its removal, that we deem necessary or appropriate
    (including if we believe such content violates the Terms of Service or could
    create liability for untapt). We may suspend or amend the Service we provide on
    the Site; disable any user identification code or password;  suspend, reject or
    or revoke your Membership, or otherwise end your access to the Site if in our
    opinion, you have failed to comply with any provision of the Terms of Service,
    for any lawful purposes, or at our discretion, without notice, though we will
    strive to provide a timely explanation in most cases. We will not be liable if
    for any reason all or any part of the Site is unavailable at any time or for
    any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the
    Site, or the entire Site, to users, including Members.

    We may also take appropriate legal action, including referral
    to law enforcement, for illegal or unauthorized use by you of the Site, and
    have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court
    order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any
    materials on or through the Site. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS UNTAPT FROM ANY
    CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS
    INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY
    EITHER UNTAPT OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES. 

    We may disclose your identity to any third party who claims
    that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual
    property rights or their right to privacy. 

    We generally do not review your materials before you post
    them on the Site, nor can we ensure that we will promptly remove objectionable
    material after it has been posted. We are not required to or are not under any
    obligation to review, screen, edit, monitor or remove any User Content posted
    on our Site, although in order to support you, we do reserve the right to do so
    at any time and for any reason without notice to you or anyone else Accordingly,
    we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions,
    communications or content provided by you, any other users or third parties. We
    have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance
    of the activities described in this section of the Terms of Service.  If you
    wish to terminate your use of Services and your Membership with us, you may do
    so at any time by sending us an email info@untapt.com or as otherwise indicated
    on the Site, and we may then immediately delete any of your User Content.? All
    provision of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination
    shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions,
    warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. 
NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

    We take copyright infringement very seriously. The
    Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides
    recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the
    Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in
    good faith that any User Content made available in connection with the Service
    infringes your copyright, you (or your agent) may send untapt a notice
    requesting that such content be removed, or access to it be blocked. Notices
    and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed
    by the DMCA (see http://www.loc.gov/copyright for details). Notices and counter
    notices with respect to the Service should be sent to untapt at:

    By Mail: Copyright Agent, untapt, 225 West 35th Street, 11th Floor, New
    York, NY 10001.

    By Email: info@untapt.com

    It is the policy of untapt to terminate the user
    accounts of repeat infringers. 


    PRIVACY; INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU

    We collect and use information about you in accordance with
    our Privacy Policy http://www.untapt.com/privacy. By using the Site, you
    consent to such collection and use and you represent and warrant that all data
    provided by you is accurate. 
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

    To the extent that our Site contains links to other sites and
    resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience
    only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and
    accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from
    your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites
    linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the
    terms and conditions of use for such websites.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 

    You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant
    that files available for downloading from the internet or the Site will be free
    of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing
    sufficient procedures and checkpoints for anti-virus protection and accuracy of
    data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our Site for any
    reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE
    CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER
    TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT,
    COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE
    SITE OR ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY
    MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY SITE LINKED TO IT. 

    USE OF THE SITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OBTAINED
    THROUGH THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES
    OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS
    AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR
    PURPOSE . YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE RELEASING US FROM ANY LIABILITY THAT WE MAY
    OTHERWISE HAVE TO YOU IN RELATION TO OR ARISING FROM THESE TERMS OF SERVICE,
    OUR SITE OR OUR SERVICE, FOR REASONS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, FAILURE OF
    OUR SERVICE, OR NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER TORT. 

    NEITHER UNTAPT NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH UNTAPT MAKES
    ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY,
    RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE. WITHOUT LIMITING
    THE FOREGOING, NEITHER UNTAPT NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH UNTAPT REPRESENTS OR
    WARRANTS THAT THE SITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE
    WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, COMPLETE, USEFUL, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT
    DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE
    ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE SITE OR ANY
    SERVICES WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS. 

    YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF YOUR
    COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SITE AND SERVICE,
    INCLUDING PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYERS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE DIRECTLY. 

    THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE
    EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 

    Further, you agree that we are not responsible to you for
    anything that we may otherwise be responsible for, if it is the result of
    events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war,
    insurrection, riots, terrorism, crime, labor shortages (including lawful and
    unlawful strikes), embargoes, postal disruption, communication disruption,
    failure or shortage of infrastructure, shortage of materials, or any other
    event beyond our control. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

    IN NO EVENT WILL UNTAPT, ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS LICENSORS,
    SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR
    DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
    WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, ANY SITES LINKED TO IT, ANY
    CONTENT ON THE SITE OR SUCH OTHER SITES OR ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE
    OR SUCH OTHER SITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
    CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL
    INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF
    PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF
    GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
    BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT
    AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 
INDEMNIFICATION 

    You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless untapt, its
    affiliates and licensors and their respective officers, directors, employees,
    contractors, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against any claims,
    liabilities, damages, judgements, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees
    (including reasonable attorneys' fees) resulting from: your violation of these
    Terms of Service; your use of and access to the Site and Service, including,
    without limitation, any access to or use of the Site’s content and services other
    than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Service; your violation of any
    third party right, including without limitation  any copyright, property or
    privacy right; any claim that any of your User Content caused damage to a third
    party;  or your use of any information obtained from the Site.

    We respect the First Amendment and allow our Members to
    create User Content which is user-generated. We are not liable for any
    defamatory content posted on our Site . Although we may choose to edit or
    delete any clearly defamatory content, we are not required to, and reserve all
    defenses for such speech made available to us by Section 230 of the
    Communications Decency Act, applicable statutes, the common law, and the First
    Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America. If you are
    considering attempting to circumvent these defenses by filing suit against us
    in another country for certain content that another user has posted to our
    Site, we recommend that you review the Securing the Protection of our Enduring
    and Established Constitutional Heritage (SPEECH) Act as passed by the United
    States Congress, which makes foreign libel judgements unenforceable in U.S.
    courts, unless those judgements comply with the First Amendment to the
    Constitution of the United States of America. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION; CHOICE OF LAW
Most of your
    concerns can be resolved quickly and to your satisfaction by contacting us by
    email at info@ untapt.com. IN THE UNLIKELY EVENT THAT WE ARE UNABLE TO RESOLVE
    A COMPLAINT YOU MAY HAVE TO YOUR SATISFACTION (OR IF WE HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO
    RESOLVE A DISPUTE WE HAVE WITH YOU AFTER ATTEMPTING TO DO SO INFORMALLY), YOU
    AND WE EACH AGREE TO RESOLVE THOSE DISPUTES THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION OR IN
    SMALL CLAIMS COURT, RATHER THAN PROCEEDING IN A COURT OF GENERAL JURISDICTION. 
    YOU AND WE FURTHER AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN
    AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED
    CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit
    in court and uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury. Arbitrators
    can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Any arbitration under
    these Terms of Service will take place on an individual basis; class
    arbitrations and class actions are not permitted even if the arbitral body
    permits claims to proceed on a class wide basis. 
You further
    waive any and all rights and benefits otherwise provided by any statutory or
    non-statutory law of any jurisdiction that would purport to limit the scope of
    a release or waiver. You waive and relinquish all rights and benefits that you
    have or may have under Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of
    California or any similar provision of the statutory or non-statutory law of
    any other jurisdiction to the full extent that you may lawfully waive all such
    rights and benefits.

    This Agreement is governed by the laws of the
    State of New York. If any part of this Agreement is determined by a court of
    competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, it will not impact any
    other provision of this Agreement, all of which will remain in full force and
    effect.

    These Terms of Service and any dispute or claim arising out
    of, or related to, them, their subject matter or their formation (in each case,
    including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and
    construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving
    effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State
    of New York or any other jurisdiction).

    Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or
    related to, these Terms of Service or the Site or Service shall be instituted
    exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the
    State of New York, in each case located in the City and County of New York, although
    we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for
    breach of these Terms of Service in your country of residence or any other
    relevant country. You agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of
    jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
LIMITATION ON TIME TO FILE CLAIMS

    ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR
    RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE SITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1)
    YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR
    CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.  
NON-WAIVER; SEVERABILITY

    No waiver of any of these Terms of Service by untapt shall be
    deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other
    term or condition, and any failure of untapt to assert a right or provision
    under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
    provision.

    If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court
    of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any
    reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent
    such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in
    full force and effect.  
ASSIGNMENT

    You may not assign your rights and/or obligations under these
    Terms of Service to any other party without our prior written consent. We may
    assign our rights and/or obligations under these Terms of Service to any other
    party at our discretion. 
NOTICE

    Where untapt requires that you provide an email address, such
    as when you enroll to be a Member, or update your Membership information, you
    are responsible for providing untapt with your most current e-mail address. In
    the event that the last e-mail address provided to untapt is not valid, or for
    any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required or
    permitted by these Terms of Service, untapt’s dispatch of the e-mail containing
    such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice. You may give notice
    to untapt at the following address: 225 West 35th Street, 11th Floor, New
    York, NY 10001. Such notice shall be deemed given when received by untapt
    by letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or
    first class postage prepaid mail.  
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS 
The communications between you and untapt use electronic
    means, whether you visit the Site or receive the Service or send untapt
    e-mails, or whether untapt posts notices on the Site or Service or communicates
    with you via e-mail. You (i) consent to receive communications from untapt in
    an electronic form; and (ii) agree that all communications that untapt provides
    to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication
    would satisfy if it were to be in writing.  The foregoing does not affect your
    statutory rights. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
The Terms of Service, including our Privacy Policy,
    constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and untapt with respect to
    the Site and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings,
    agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect
    to the Site. 
YOUR COMMENTS AND CONCERNS 
This Site is operated by untapt with principal offices
    located at  225 West 35th, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10001.
    
All feedback, comments, requests for technical support and
    other communications relating to the Site should be directed to: info@untapt.com.

Thank you for visiting untapt.com













Find the perfect job. Find the perfect tech talent. Do it all smarter.




















































The AI-driven job search

Use machine learning to find your next software industry job
Experience data-driven matching



                untapt uses contemporary machine-learning techniques
                to help software engineers and other technology professionals
                advance their careers.
            




        You've tried job boards. You've tried agencies.
        
        It's time to try the future.
    




                get started with email
            






                get started with LinkedIn
            











My experience with untapt was miles ahead of any other recruiting platform out there.

                            Nick
                        







You are certainly going above and beyond... refreshingly different from the norm.

                            Garry Wright
                        







Senior level searches are [normally] a huge pain... this experience was surprising and refreshing.

                            Dan Spiegel
                        





                                A
                            


I love the simplicity of your platform.

                            Anonymous
                        





                                K
                            


untapt has both a novel and refreshing approach.

                            Kelvin
                        







I'm very satisfied in my new role as a developer... introduced and connected by untapt.

                            Alan
                        








                Browse jobs at the world's leading fintech companies.
            






































































                            2016 Winner
                        

                            Accenture Fintech Innovation Lab
                        








                            Company Defining HR Tech
                        

                            CB Insights
                        








                            Top 20 Company to Watch
                        

                            American Banker
                        








                            Exponential Growth Award
                        

                            AWS Pitch Event, NYC
                        








                            2015 Innovation Award
                        

                            Fintech Innovation Awards Expo
                        







A revolutionary way to search for work.





"How Robots Will Help You Get Your Next Job"

                        read more
                    





"Robo-Hiring: How An Automated Headhunter Is Finding Hidden Tech Talent For Wall Street"

                        read more
                    





"Data Unleashes New Model for Success and Satisfaction at Work"

                        read more
                    





"Untapt CEO Wants To Fully Automate Fintech Job Placement"

                        read more
                    





"These Ex-Bankers Are Automating the Fintech Hiring Process"

                        read more
                    


                    read more
                







Navigation
For Hiring Managers
About
Industry Insights
Engineering Insights
Our Team
Press
Careers


Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us


Social
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn


Contact
info@untapt.com

untapt inc.
225 W 35th Street
New York, NY
10001








































            © , untapt inc.
        






















Untapt Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























untapt inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Commercial Services
Sub-Industry: Professional Services
Untapt Inc. offers staffing services. The Company provides recruiting platform which focuses on the financial services technology. Untapt conducts business in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1370 Broadway
New York, NY 10018
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.untapt.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 









untapt blog - A breakthrough solution for hiring technologists in financial services.



























































Latest News








Artificial Intelligence, Hiring and Bias


Earlier this year, Fast Company talked a bit about the benefits of employing machine-learning in HR, and we added to the dialogue with a post on the progress we’ve made so far. We hope to continue the discussion here by focusing on one of the most salient concerns about employing AI in recruitment: bias. There



 
July 16, 2017
Ed




            Read More
        











Computer Science: Testing Your Career Compatibility


This post was written for untapt by Helen Altshuler, a senior engineer leader who currently works at Google. Before taking on her current position, Helen started her career as a software engineer at JP Morgan and transitioned into technical leadership, which led to her role as CTO at the fintech startup PeerIQ. Helen is an Advisory Board Member at Pace University



 
July 12, 2017
Pei Dhanaporn Choong




            Read More
        











The evolving H-1B landscape


Part 5 of our series on industry trends looks at the impact of regulatory changes on the H-1B visa application process. We have a unique vantage point here at untapt; we get to work with a spectrum of companies, ranging from early stage startups to global enterprises. Across the board, our clients face the perennial



 
May 30, 2017
Pei Dhanaporn Choong




            Read More
        











Developer market salary issues


Part 4 of our series on trends looks at the wide range in developer salary. We have a unique vantage point here at untapt; we get to work with a spectrum of companies, ranging from early stage startups to global enterprises. Across the board, our clients face the perennial problem of attracting and retaining the right



 
May 7, 2017
Ed




            Read More
        











Unprecedented progress with AI


Part 3 of our series on trends looks at recent progress with AI and its impact on HR. We have a unique vantage point here at untapt; we get to work with a spectrum of companies, ranging from early stage startups to global enterprises. Across the board, our clients face the perennial problem of attracting and



 
April 29, 2017
Ed




            Read More
        











The rise of the data scientist


Part 2 of our series on trends looks at the Data Scientist profession. We have a unique vantage point here at untapt; we get to work with a spectrum of companies, ranging from early stage startups to global enterprises. Across the board, our clients face the perennial problem of attracting and retaining the right technologists.



 
April 23, 2017
Ed




            Read More
        











Make your talent brand competitive


We have a unique vantage point here at untapt; we get to work with a spectrum of companies, ranging from early stage startups to global enterprises. Across the board, our clients face the perennial problem of attracting and retaining the right technologists. Recently, we’ve noticed new trends that present challenges and opportunities for our clients.



 
April 16, 2017
Ed




            Read More
        











96% of untapt Membership Open to New Opportunities


When people join untapt, they engage in a conversation to help us understand them better. We ask, for example, what’s most important to them professionally (e.g., compensation, cool tech, work/life balance), where geographically they’d consider opportunities, and — the topic of this post! — what their job-seeking status is. As illustrated by the plot shown here, 96.3% of untapt



 
March 30, 2017
Jon




            Read More
        











Tapping into the Talent: Best Practices for Recruiting Software Developers


Software jobs are one of the few areas commonly described as a “candidate’s market” – employers compete for a relatively small pool of skilled engineers, and technologists have their pick of the lot. To ensure that you’re attracting the best talent, your interview process should take into account how ruthless the hiring process can be. And



 
March 22, 2017
Jake




            Read More
        











A New Year’s Resolution that’s simple but highly effective


I’d love to pass along an excellent piece of advice that I was given several years ago. It’s one of the best career-related New Year’s Resolutions I’ve heard. As software engineers, when we think about our goals, we tend to focus on developing technology skills and domain knowledge. Perhaps equally important, though, is building new



 
January 5, 2017
Ed




            Read More
        











Navigation
For Hiring Managers
About
Industry Insights
Engineering Insights
Our Team
Press
Careers

Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us

Social
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn

Contact
info@untapt.com

untapt inc.
225 W 35th Street
New York, NY
10001






©  untapt inc




















FAQ - untapt blog































































 
June 24, 2014
Sam



FAQ




There are lots of job search sites out there, why should I become a member of untapt?
untapt is different. Here’s why:
(1)   You explore jobs confidentially – You can browse job opportunities discreetly. Your personal information is completely confidential until you choose to apply to a specific job – and even then, it is shared only with the direct hiring manager.
(2)   You gain insight through videos – Hiring managers post videos that help you decide whether this is a company or person you would like to work for. Likewise, when you apply to a position, you have the chance to record a video that will fast-track your application and allow the hiring manager to make a decision quickly.
(3)   We focus on FinTech – untapt is focused on technical roles within FinTech, which allows us to more closely match you with relevant positions, provide insights and career advice.
 
Do you share any of my information?
Your privacy and confidentiality is very important to us.  We do not sell, distribute your information or otherwise make it available to anyone else.  All your details stay within untapt.
We also don’t want to link to a third party site which could potentially have access to information you do not want to share, especially sensitive information such as looking for a new job.  untapt provides the capability to login with your LinkedIn account, and retrieve information from LinkedIn into your profile, but only if you choose to.
 
Will my manager/colleague/company know that I am using untapt to look for another job?
Not if you don’t tell them.  In fact, hiring managers do not see any details about you unless you apply for their job.  Until then, all that hiring managers see is a rough number of candidates that match their job description. This puts you in control, safe in the knowledge that your personal information is not being distributed behind the scenes.
 
If you have my email address will I get lots of spam?
No.  The purpose of providing us with your email address is so that we can keep you abreast of new jobs or information.  You can choose whether you want to be notified regularly or if you simply want us to check in with you at some point in the future.
 
I created a profile and there are no matches.  Did I just waste my time?
Not at all.  New jobs are being added all the time.  We will email you when jobs are added that meet your skills.  In addition, as we expand our site we will provide more color with respect to jobs that perhaps were a close fit so that, if appropriate, you can update your profile accordingly.  Lastly, untapt goes beyond simply finding you a job.  We want to help enhance your career by providing you with insights in the job market and FinTech in general.  We hope that your membership is just the beginning of a long relationship with untapt.
 
Is FinTech just another term for jobs in Banks?
There is a wide array of financial institutions.  Banks are just one type.  Other more traditional companies could be (re)Insurers, Asset Managers and Consulting firms that focus on financial institutions.  Non-traditional financial institutions include startups that are changing the way we invest, execute cpu intensive calculations or perform data-rich complex analysis, to name just a few.  Across these institutions there are all kinds of jobs from front end developers to DevOps to Business Analysts to hard core programmers, QA testers to infrastructure engineers.
 
Should I put Word and Powerpoint as skills?
We would not recommend it.  untapt focuses on the best technical talent – whether you program in an OO or functional programming language, are a business analyst, know SQL, understand infrastructure such as networks and virtualization, test software or have the ability to provide helpdesk support, untapt will have something for you.  But if your technical skills do not fall into any of these categories then untapt is probably not for you.  If you are interested in any of these as a career path there are lots of training methods available.  Just a few examples include General Assembly, code.org, The // Flat Iron School and Codecademy.
 
I signed up but now I want to remove my profile.  What do I do?
Simply email support@untapt.com and request we remove your account.  We will then completely erase your profile,  job matches and any open applications.
 
I have questions about my career.  How can untapt help me?
Feel free to email us at support@untapt.com for advice and information.
Sam

















Navigation
For Hiring Managers
About
Industry Insights
Engineering Insights
Our Team
Press
Careers

Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us

Social
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn

Contact
info@untapt.com

untapt inc.
225 W 35th Street
New York, NY
10001






©  untapt inc















