

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Welcome to Current!













CONTACT

PORTFOLIO

SERVICE

ABOUT US

HOME









 









Compelling brand development concepts +
 
Award-winning design solutions +
 
Broad and deep market experience +
 
Creative, data-driven new media strategies +
 
PROVEN RESULTS.










Overview


Founded in 1988, CURRENT is an award-winning, full-service design and communications consultancy that specializes in corporate identity and branding initiatives, marketing and new media strategies, interior design, and public relations guidance.
 
We're also an accredited advertising agency that can plan and place dynamic and effective print, web, social media and broadcast advertising campaigns on your behalf.
 
Simply put, we are experts in B2B and B2C communications with the experience and skill-sets to help you improve your brand image and achieve your corporate goals.


Our approach


CURRENT brings a comprehensive and common sense perspective to design and marketing challenges, and we're proud of the reputation we have gained for our creativity as well as our friendly and responsive customer service. Because we've been working successfully in this business for a long time, there's virtually nothing in the way of projects we haven't either seen or done – so whatever your communication needs, we can help you satisfy them in the most appropriate, creative and cost-effective way.
 
 




The company we keep:


CURRENT has had the distinct pleasure of working closely over the years
with a variety of top local, national and international clients, including:
 
Mazda Canada
Inco Limited
Denny's Canada
ICBC
The University of British Columbia
Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre
The Pantry Restaurants
Moxie’s Classic Grill
Quest Vitamins
Hongkong Bank of Canada
Sandman Hotels, Inns & Suites
BC Transit
MacMillan Bloedel
Sato Pharmaceutical Company (Japan)
Revenue Canada
 
Give us a call. We welcome the opportunity to be of service to you.
 







If you'd like to discover how CURRENT can help you take your brand to the next level and save you money
at the same time, simply give us a call or drop us a line. We'll be happy to sit down with you to discuss your goals,
and to provide a menu of potential strategies for you to consider.
 
We offer this initial consultation to you FREE OF CHARGE and without obligation. What have you got to lose?



PHONE:


(604) 683 -0244











Effective Brand Concepts


Rapidly advancing digital technologies and the ongoing proliferation of internet usage across multiple device platforms have empowered consumers like never before. Global competition is fierce, and for most companies this paradigm shift represents a real existential challenge.
 
THE BAD NEWS: Business as usual is not an option. If you're not taking steps right now to strengthen and differentiate your brand from all the others out there, and building the emotional connection with your customers and employees you need to develop strong brand loyalty, chances are your company will not survive.
 
THE GOOD NEWS: We can help.
 




Compelling Messaging
 



New Media
Strategies & Placement






Creative Design & Execution


Great design is key to differentiating your brand, and while we are proud to say that CURRENT has been the recipient of many national and international design awards over the years, we take more satisfaction from the success it brings to our clients.
 
We are capable of taking any project from initial concept through the design phase to finished product ready for publication, broadcast, digital posting or construction. This includes ad campaigns, logos and corporate identity packages, interior design, annual reports; capability brochures; websites and intranets; specialty publications; e-blasts and sales promotions; A/V presentations; packaging design; billboards; signage, and trade show and exhibit design.
 
We've successfully tackled virtually every communications challenge out there, why not let us help you with yours?

 



Confused about the new media paradigm? You're not alone.
 
Most companies simply don't have the time to keep up with rapidly changing internet marketing technology and its crazy alphabet jumble of terms and possibilities such as SEO, CPC, SEM, EPC, etc., let alone determine how best to leverage analytics and popular social media tools to elevate their brand profile and maximize their marketing dollars.
 
We will gladly explain your options, and suggest unique strategies that will help you take advantage of new media opportunities while still focussing your buy in the most cost-effective way. We will also monitor your campaigns in real time, provide regular progress updates,  and recommend adjustments as and when necessary.





SERVICES


CONTACT


What they're saying about us...


ABOUT US


 


To cut through the noise and clutter and truly capture hearts and minds, you need to broadcast a powerful, creative and consistent message to your target market.
 
We can help you develop and effectively promote your message across the full spectrum of available media.

 

‘‘Congratulations on an absolutely splendid work of art! I have nothing but accolades from those who have seen the
Creative and Performing Arts Report. It is truly a harmonious achievement, in which all the elements, from superb writing to stunning design, complement the whole. It will prove to be an extremely valuable document in assisting the university to achieve its goals,
both in the short and long term. We are very proud indeed to have this publication represent the
arts at UBC and I look forward to the work that you will do on the next report.’’
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF BRITISH COLUMBIA
 
 
‘‘On behalf of QLT, let me say that this year’s annual report was the best one yet. Your ability to creatively translate our corporate message
into a communications piece that conveys QLT’s exciting story was done with unequalled execution. The professional conduct of
CURRENT  and your exemplary talents made the annual report a complete success!’’
DIRECTOR of INVESTOR RELATIONS, QLT
 
 
‘‘We are very pleased with the coverage that you achieved throughout British Columbia and Alberta as the viewer response
has far exceeded our expectations.’’
PRESIDENT, SANDMAN HOTELS & INNS
 


info@current.bc.ca


EMAIL:




Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
604. 683.0244
 
 


©2015 Current Creative Group, Inc.
All rights reserved.
 
 







 


           






CleanGrit™ > Process Equipment > Spanish


















































CleanGrit™








Equipment Overview:

	WesTech CleanGrit™ products remove organic matter from grit collected at the headworks of a wastewater plant. Removal of the organic matter from grit will reduce disposal costs and nuisance odor complaints while improving biological plant processes. WesTech offers the largest variety of grit washing systems available in the North American market.

	Several models of this unique screening equipment are available, as outlined below:

	The CleanGrit™ Model SW rinses organic matter from dewatered grit or a concentrated grit slurry by incorporating a hydrocyclone (Model SW400 only). Organic matter is loosened mechanically by an agitator and rinsed by an upcurrent washing water process. Cleaned grit is discharged by the shaftless spiral conveyor for disposal.

	The CleanGrit™ Grit Chamber Washer Model SSW has a rectangular grit settling chamber added to the Model SW washer which allows large grit slurry flows to be separated and washed without using a hydrocyclone. The settling chamber calms the flow and promotes grit settling to the bottom where a horizontal shaftless spiral conveyor feeds the contaminated grit into the washer tank. The grit washing process corresponds to the Model SW described above.

	The CleanGrit™ Circular Grit Washer Model SSW accepts a grit/liquid slurry fed tangentially into the circular grit chamber. Organics separated by agitation are removed by an upcurrent washing water process. Cleaned grit is discharged by the shaftless spiral conveyor for disposal.

	Because of the large range of grit treatment options available, WesTech is able offer the best equipment choice to meet project and process requirements.
Features
FEATURES:


		Volatile solids in washed grit less than 3%

		Cleaned grit meets standards for disposal at reasonable costs

		Re-use of washed grit (sand) possible

		Robust, "thick" shaftless spirals

		Increased gas production in anaerobic sludge digestion process possible

		Treat coarse material up to 1.375"


	 BENEFITS:


		Increase in organic nutrient for biological processes

		Low operation and maintenance costs

		Low wash water consumption

		Low wear

		Saves transportation costs

		Reduces odors in headworks building

		Reduction in quantity of grit to be disposed

ApplicationsSpecifications
Photos 



		WesTech Newsletter
	

	Sign up for the WesTech monthly newsletter to receive content you can use to more effectively design, manage, and maintain your operations.
	










































CleanGrit™ Organics Removal Systems
































Industry SolutionsProductsParts & Services
WesTech Commercial/Industry Blog
WesTech Minerals Blog
WesTech Municipal Water/Wastewater Blog
BlogsAbout UsContact Us

















CleanGrit™ Organics Removal System









CleanGrit Organics Removal Systems Overview:

	WesTech CleanGrit™ products remove organic matter from grit collected at the headworks of a wastewater plant. Removal of the organic matter from grit will reduce disposal costs and nuisance odor complaints while improving biological plant processes. WesTech offers the largest variety of grit washing systems available in the North American market.

	Several models of this unique screening equipment are available, as outlined below:

	The CleanGrit™ SW 400 C rinses organic matter from dewatered grit or a concentrated grit slurry by incorporating a hydrocyclone (Model SW400 only). Organic matter is loosened mechanically by an agitator and rinsed by an upcurrent washing water process. Cleaned grit is discharged by the shaftless spiral conveyor for disposal.

	The CleanGrit™ SWA Series is designed to dewater and wash sand from sedimentation tanks. In traditional sedimentation tanks, no separation of organic and inorganic materials takes place. As a result, the organic share of the material caught in the sedimentation tank often totals up to 30-80%. CleanGrit™ SWA reduces the organic content in the sand to an end product with an ignition loss of 1-5%.

	Because of the large range of grit treatment options available, WesTech is able to offer the best equipment choice to meet project and process requirements.
Features

		Volatile solids in washed grit less than 3%

		Cleaned grit meets standards for disposal at reasonable costs

		Re-use of washed grit (sand) possible

		Robust, "thick" shaftless spirals

		Increased gas production in anaerobic sludge digestion process possible

		Treat coarse material up to 1.375"

Benefits

		Increase in organic nutrient for biological processes

		Low operation and maintenance costs

		Low wash water consumption

		Low wear

		Saves transportation costs

		Reduces odors in headworks building

		Reduction in quantity of grit to be disposed


Photos 



		WesTech Newsletter
	

	Sign up for the WesTech monthly newsletter to receive content you can use to more effectively design, manage, and maintain your operations.
	






Literature 































