


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds







































Invest in progress - Swell






U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







U.S. Trust - Contact Us




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Learn More








AR-ARHC3KYB EXP-2018.01.25






Videos:


Generations of Commitment to History and Heritage



Private Banking



Investment Management



The Role of a Fiduciary

View More Videos






Additional Resources

Our Latest Thinking
Press Room





Share:


Twitter
Facebook
Email
LinkedIn






Find An Office Near You






































 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)



   







Capabilities-Videos | U.S. Trust




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























An Approach Based on Your Life and Needs
Explore Our Video Library
Learn about how our insights, wide range of capabilities and generations of experience can help build an approach that works for you.








Private Banking
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking





















 
 
 
AR-ARP9TJVB-EXP-2018.02.7



More Information




 
 
 










Our Capabilities

Wealth Structuring
Investment Management
Credit and Banking



Our Latest Thinking

View Articles and Insights From U.S. Trust





Have Us Contact You
Find An Office Near You




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   




Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 














Upright Investments Trust: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























upright investments trust
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Upright Investments Trust operates as an open-ended equity mutual fund. The Company invests in the public equity markets of the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

615 West Mount Pleasant Avenue
Livingston, NJ 07039
United States


Phone:
973-533-1818


Fax:
-























From The Web











Key Executives


David Yow-Shang Chiueh


CEO/CFO







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data













































 




Upright Investments Trust - Upright Growth Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 9:44 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Upright Investments Trust - Upright Growth Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Upright Investments Trust - Upright Growth Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Upright Financial Corp. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in value and growth oriented value stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. The fund employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as quality of the company’s management, strength of the company’s balance sheet, projected growth rate of the company’s earnings in the future, relevant market, and economic and political environments to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the perform...
Upright Investments Trust - Upright Growth Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Upright Financial Corp. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in value and growth oriented value stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. The fund employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as quality of the company’s management, strength of the company’s balance sheet, projected growth rate of the company’s earnings in the future, relevant market, and economic and political environments to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. Upright Investments Trust - Upright Growth Fund was formed on January 21, 1999 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


615 West Mount Pleasant AvenueLivingston, NJ 07039United StatesFounded in 1999



Phone: 973-533-1818

Fax: 973-743-0800








Key Executives for Upright Investments Trust - Upright Growth Fund




Mr. David Yow-Shang Chiueh CFP


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 60
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Upright Investments Trust - Upright Growth Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























UPRIGHT INVESTMENTS TRUST - UPUPX Proxy Statement (definitive) (DEF 14A) PROXY STATEMENT





















About EDGAR Online

|
Login












Dashboard
TodayCompany
Industry
Search
Screener
Analytics

  










 















Enter your Email for a Free Trial:








The following is an excerpt from a DEF 14A SEC Filing, filed by UPRIGHT INVESTMENTS TRUST on 10/6/2000.





 Next Section












 Previous Section





-- Use Sections To Navigate Through The Document --
FORM DEF 14A
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF
PROXY STATEMENT
THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES












UPRIGHT INVESTMENTS TRUST - DEF 14A - 20001006 - PROXY_STATEMENT





PROXY STATEMENT



This proxy statement is furnished in connection  with the  solicitation
by the board of Trustees  of the Fund of proxies for use at the special  meeting
(the "Special  Meeting") of  shareholders or at any  adjournment  thereof.  This
proxy  statement and form of statement were first mailed to  shareholders  on or
around 09/29/2000.


The purposes of the Special Meeting of shareholders are: (1) to approve
an investment  advisory agreement for the year 2001 with Upright Financial Corp.
(the  "Investment  Adviser");  (2) to approve the  selection  of Baird,  Kurtz &
Dobson  (BKD) as  independent  public  accountants  for the fiscal  year  ending
09/30/2000.


A proxy, if properly executed,  duly returned and not revoked,  will be
voted in accordance with the  specifications  thereon. A proxy which is properly
executed  that has no voting  instructions  to a proposal will be voted for that
proposal,  as in the case of broker  non-votes as described below. A shareholder
may revoke a proxy at any time prior to use by filing with the  Secretary of the
Fund an  instrument  revoking the proxy,  by  submitting a proxy bearing a later
date, or by attending and voting at the Special Meeting.


The Investment Adviser has retained Mutual Shareholder Services ("MSS")
to solicit  proxies for the Special  Meeting.  MSS is responsible for soliciting
brokers, custodians, nominees and fiduciaries,  tabulating the returned proxies,
and performing other proxy solicitation  services. All costs associated with the
soliciting of proxies are borne by the Investment Adviser, not the Fund.


In addition to solicitation through the mails, proxies may be solicited
by officers,  employees and agents of the Fund at the expense of the  Investment
Adviser,  without  cost to the  Fund.  Such  solicitation  may be by  telephone,
facsimile or otherwise.  The Investment  Adviser will  reimburse  MSS,  brokers,
custodians,  nominees and  fiduciaries for the reasonable  expenses  incurred by
them in connection  with  forwarding  solicitation  materials to the  beneficial
owners of shares held of record by such persons.


The Fund's Annual  Report for the fiscal year that ended  09/30/1999 is
available  at no charge by  writing to the Trust at 615 West Mt.  Pleasant  Ave.
Livingston, NJ 07039, or by calling the Trust nationwide at 1-800-630-0808.


The Board of Trustees  has fixed the close of  business  on  08/31/2000
(the "Record  Date") as the record date for the  determination  of  shareholders
entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Special  Meeting of  shareholders  or
any adjournment thereof. The Fund is the sole series of the Upright Growth Fund,
a Delaware  business trust. As of the Record Date there were 142,077.156  shares
of beneficial interest of the Fund outstanding.  All full shares of the Fund are
entitled to one vote, with proportionate voting for fractional shares.





On the Record  Date,  David Y.S.  Chiueh  owned of record  7.05% of the
Fund,  Chih Ching Hsu  Retirement  Trust owned 5.97% of the Fund,  Zhou Xiu Hong
owned 7.99% of the Fund,  Michael Kuo owned 7.38% of the Fund,  HVP Company Ltd.
owned 9.29% of the Fund,  Tsung-liang Yao owned 6.10% of the Fund, and Kuny & Do
Mei Tong  Trustees  owned of record 5.41% of the Fund. No other persons owned of
record and,  according to  information  available to the Fund,  no other persons
owned beneficially 5% or more of the Fund's outstanding shares.


The  vote  of a  majority  of the  outstanding  shares  of the  Fund is
required for approval of each of the proposals  being  submitted to shareholders
at the Special Meeting.  The vote of a majority of the outstanding  shares means
the vote of the lesser of (1) 67% or more of the shares  present or  represented
by  proxy  at the  Special  Meeting,  if the  holders  of more  than  50% of the
outstanding  shares are present or represented by proxy, or (2) more than 50% of
the  outstanding  shares.  If a quorum is present  at the  Special  Meeting  but
sufficient  votes to approve any of the proposals are not received,  the persons
named as proxies may propose one or more  adjournments of the Special Meeting to
permit further  solicitation of proxies.  Any such  adjournment will require the
affirmative  vote of a  majority  of those  shares  represented  at the  Special
Meeting in the person or by proxy.  A  shareholders  vote may be taken on one of
the  proposals  in  this  proxy  statement  prior  to any  such  adjournment  if
sufficient votes have been received and it is otherwise appropriate. Abstentions
and "broker non-votes" are counted for purposes of determining  whether a quorum
is present but do not represent  votes cast with respect to a proposal.  "Broker
non-votes" are shares held by a broker or nominee for which an executed proxy is
received  by the  Fund,  but are not voted as to one or more  proposals  because
instructions  have not been  received  from the  beneficial  owners  or  persons
entitled to vote and the broker or nominee  does not have  discretionary  voting
power.


If any of the  proposals in this proxy  statement are not approved by
shareholders,  the Board of Trustees will consider  such  alternative  as may be
appropriate and in the best interests of the Fund.


The Trustees of the Fund intend to vote all of their shares in favor of
the proposals  described  herein.  All Trustees and officers as a group owned of
record or beneficially 7% of the Fund's outstanding shares on the Record Date.


I.        APPROVAL OF INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT FOR THE YEAR 2001 BETWEEN
THE FUND AND THE INVESTMENT ADVISER.


GENERAL.  The Fund's N-1A present  investment  advisory  agreement (the
"Current  Advisory  Agreement") is dated 02/29/2000 and was last approved by the
Board of Trustees,  including a majority of the Trustees who are not  interested
persons,  as defined in the Investment  Company Act of 1940 (the "1940 Act"), of
the Investment Adviser or the Fund (the "Independent trustees"), on 08/15/2000.





The Fund's  shareholders  are being  asked to approved  the  investment
advisory  agreement (the "Advisory  Agreement")  for the year 2001. The Advisory
Agreement,  the form of which is attached to this Proxy  Statement as Exhibit A,
is identical to the Current Advisory Agreement,  except as to its effective date
and  termination  date. The Advisory  agreement is to become  effective upon its
approval by the shareholders of the Fund.


TERMS OF THE ADVISORY AGREEMENT. Under the Advisory Agreement, as under
the  Current  advisory   Agreement,   the  Investment   Adviser  serves  as  the
discretionary  portfolio manager of the Fund,  subject to the supervision of the
Board of Trustees.


The Advisory Agreement,  like the Current Advisory Agreement,  requires
the  Investment  Adviser to give  primary  consideration  to  securing  the most
favorable price and efficient  execution in the selection of brokers and dealers
to execute portfolio  transactions for the Fund. The Advisory  Agreement further
provides  that,  consistent  with this  policy,  the  Adviser may  consider  the
financial responsibility, research and investment information and other services
provided by the broker or dealer and in particular  may select  brokers who also
provide  brokerage and research  services to the Fund and/or the other  accounts
over which the Investment Adviser exercises investment  discretion and may pay a
broker who  provides  such  brokerage  and research  services a  commission  for
executing a portfolio transaction which is in excess of the amount of commission
another  broker would charge for  effecting  that  transaction.  The  Investment
Adviser may select such brokers if the  Investment  Adviser  determines  in good
faith that the amount of the  commission  is reasonable in relation to the value
of the  brokerage  and  research  services  provided  by the  executing  broker.
However,  since  the  inception  of the Fund,  the  Investment  Adviser  has not
received any "soft dollar"  research from brokers in connection  with the Fund's
portfolio  transactions,  and the Investment Adviser has no current intention of
doing so.


Under the Advisory Agreement,  as under the Current Advisory Agreement,
the Investment  Adviser is responsible for the compensation of any of the Fund's
trustees,  officers and employees who are  interested  persons of the Investment
Adviser,  for the  compensation  of the Investment  Adviser's  personnel and for
other  expenses   incurred  in  connection  with  the  provisions  of  portfolio
management services under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, the Adviser, also
the administrator  under the  administration  agreement will pay the expenses of
printing and distributing the Fund's prospectuses,  accounting and pricing costs
(including the daily calculation of net asset value),  shareholders  reports and
notices; cost of supplies and postage; and administrative and clerical services.


The Advisory  Agreement will remain in force for an initial term of one
year and from year to year  thereafter,  subject to annual  approval  by (a) the
Board of Trustees or (b) a vote of the  majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of
the  outstanding  voting  securities of the Fund;  provided that in either event
continuance is also approved by majority of the Independent  Trustees, by a vote
cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting such approval.  The
Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, on sixty days' written notice,
without the payment of any penalty,  by the Board of Trustees,  by a vote of the
majority of the outstanding  voting securities of the Fund, or by the Investment
Adviser.  The Advisory  Agreement  automatically  terminates in the event of its
assignment, as defined by the 1940 Act and the term and termination are the same
as those in the Current Advisory Agreement, which was one year.


ADVISORY FEE. As compensation for its investment  advisory  services on
behalf of the Fund, the Fund pays the  Investment  Adviser an advisory fee under
the Current  Advisory  Agreement equal to the annual rate of 1.50% of the Fund's
daily net assets.  This fee is computed  daily and paid monthly.  The Investment
Adviser  may, at its  discretion,  waive its fee or  reimburse  the Fund for any
amount of the fee  payable to it during that  fiscal  year.  For the fiscal year
that  ended  09/30/1999  the  Investment  Adviser  has  agreed  to  waive by the
Investment  Adviser for 1999 was $13,249.  The  reimbursement  of such fee had a
material effect on the Fund's expense ratio and yield to the shareholders.  Such
material  effect  was  the  subsequent  lowering  of the  Fund's  expense  ratio
resulting  in an increase in the yield to the  shareholders.  The  advisory  fee
payable to the Investment  Adviser under the Advisory  Agreement is identical to
the  annual  rate of 1.50% of the  Fund's  daily net  assets  under the  Current
Advisory Agreement.





FACTORS  CONSIDERED BY THE TRUSTEES.  The Trustees  determined that the
terms of the Advisory Agreement are fair and reasonable and that approval of the
Advisory  Agreement on behalf on the Fund is in the best  interests of the Fund.
The  Trustees  reviewed a variety of the  information  relating  to the  nature,
quality and scope of the  services  provided by the  Investment  Adviser and the
reasonableness  of the  advisory  fees for the Fund.  Among  other  things,  the
Trustees considered the following:  the short-term and long-term  performance of
the Fund relative to the performance of other funds with  comparable  objectives
and policies as well as relative to  standardized  indices;  the fees charged by
other  managers of mutual  funds with  comparable  objectives  and  policies for
comparable   services  and  the  total  expense   ratios  of  such  funds;   the
profitability of the Investment Adviser's  relationship with the Fund; and other
organizational  information  relating to the  Investment  Adviser,  its advisory
personnel and its investment processes.


The  Trustees  determined  that the  Investment  Adviser  has  provided
quality  services with respect to the Fund. In  particular,  the Trustees  noted
that, for the periods that ended 12/31/1999 and 09/31/2000, from the performance
point of view,  the Fund had produced a total return of 18.1% for year 1999.  It
is the same as the S & P 500 Index, which is benchmark for Domestic Equity Fund.
The Fund had also  produced a 5.4% of return as of  07/31/00.  Comparing  to the
-3.4% of S & P 500 Index,  the Fund was 9% greater than the benchmark.  From the
volatility point of view, the Fund held an average of around 10% cash on hand in
the period of 1999 and 21% in the period  ending  07/31/00.  That means the Fund
beat the  benchmark  with  plenty  of cash on hand.  The  Fund has  reduced  the
portfolio's  volatility  by  holding  a lot of cash and also  outperforming  the
benchmark.  From the tax efficiency  point of view, the Fund had an 8% turn over
rate in the year of 1999.  It is quite  low and  expected  a turn  over  rate of
around 10% in this fiscal year as of  09/30/00.  With such a low turn over rate,
the Fund  expects  to  eliminate  realized  capital  gain  that  usually  causes
shareholders  to pay higher tax.  Lower turnover rate with carefully tax selling
strategy, the advisor delivers a very good after-tax return to shareholders.


The Trustees  examined the effective  advisory fees of the Fund against
comparable  mutual funds under both the Current Advisory  Agreement and Advisory
Agreement.  The  Trustees  noted that the advisory fee for the Fund is above the
median and average of funds with  comparable  objectives and policies.  However,
the total  operating fees are expected to be lower than other fund. The Trustees
also  concluded  that the  relative  position of the Fund was  justified  by its
superior performance against comparable funds.


Based upon its  evaluation  of the  materials  presented,  the board of
Trustees, including all of the independent Trustees, concluded that the Advisory
Agreement  was  fair and  reasonable  and in the best  interests  of the  Fund's
shareholders.  By a vote cast at a meeting  held in  person on  08/15/2000,  the
Trustees unanimously approved, and voted to recommend to the shareholders of the
Fund that they approve, the Advisory Agreement.





If the Advisory Agreement is approved by the shareholders, the Advisory
Agreement  will go into effect on 10/01/2000.  If the Advisory  Agreement is not
approved by  shareholders,  the  investment  Adviser will continue to manage the
Fund  pursuant to the Current  Advisory  Agreement and the Board of Trustees may
consider other alternatives.





THE BOARD OF  TRUSTEES  RECOMMAND  THAT YOU VOTE FOR  APPROVAL  OF THE  ADVISORY
AGREEMENT.



OWNERSHIP AND MANAGEMENT OF THE INVESTMENT ADVISER AND RELATED MATTERS.
The  investment  Adviser is a New Jersey  Corporation  controlled  by David Y.S.
Chiueh,  president  of the Fund and  Trustee  of the Trust.  The  address of the
Investment  Adviser,  and its executive  officers,  is 615 W. Mt. Pleasant Ave.,
Livingston, NJ 07039.


The  principal  executive  officers  and  directors  of the  Investment
Adviser are as follows:






Name and Position with the Fund                     Principal Occupation


-----------------------------------------
David Y. S. Chiueh                                  Chairman & CEO of the
President                                           Investment Adviser


-----------------------------------------
Clement Yen                                         Secretary of the
Secretary                                           Investment Adviser








II. APPROVAL OF BAIRD, KURTZ & DOBSON (BKD) AS INDEPENDANT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING 09/30/2000.


The Board of Trustees has selected,  subject to  shareholder  approval,
BKD, to audit and certify the financial  statements of the Fund for the
year ending  09/30/2000.  BKD will replace  McCurdy & Associates  CPA's
Inc., which served as the Fund's independent public accountants for the
year ended 09/30/1999.  In connection with the audit function, BDK will
review the Fund's Annual Report to Shareholders, review certain filings
with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission and advise the Fund as to
certain  accounting  matters.  Neither BKD nor any of its partners have
any direct or indirect financial interest in the Fund. A representative
of BKD  will  not be  present  at the  meeting  unless  requested  by a
shareholder  (either  in  writing  or by  telephone)  in advance of the
meeting.  Such requests should be directed to Clement Yen, Secretary of
the trust.


III.      OTHER BUSINESS


The  proxy holders  have no  present intention of  bringing any matters
before the Special  Meeting other than those  specifically  referred to above or
matters in connection with or for the purpose of effecting the same. Neither the
proxy  holders nor the board of Trustees  are aware of any matters  which may be
presented  by others.  If any other  business  shall  properly  come  before the
Special  Meeting,  the proxy holders  intend to vote thereon in accordance  with
their best judgment.





Any  shareholder   proposal  intended  to  be  presented  at  the  next
shareholder  meeting  must be received by the Trust for  inclusion  in its proxy
statement  and form of proxy  relating to such  meeting at the  reasonable  time
before the solicitation of proxies for the, meeting is made.


By Order of the board of Trustees,



Clement Yen




Secretary



Date: 09/01/2000


Please complete,  date and sign the enclosed Proxy and return it promptly in the
enclosed reply envelop. NO POSTAGE OS REQUIRED IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES.






UPRIGHT INVESTMENT TRUST

SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS


OCTOBER 1, 2000








BROKERAGE PARTNERS


































© 1995-2017
EDGAR Online, Inc.
All rights reserved  NASDAQ:
EDGR 
Solutions for Corporations  
Terms of Use  
Privacy Statement

























Upright Investments Trust in Livingston, NJ - (973) 533-1818






























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Upright Investments Trust

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Upright Investments Trust



615 W Mount Pleasant Ave
Livingston, NJ 07039






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        973-533-1818
                    



Website:







There are 

16
                Companies located at 615 W Mount Pleasant Ave, Livingston, NJ 07039
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Upright Investments Trust is located in Livingston, New Jersey. This organization primarily operates in the Management Investment, Open-end business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 11 years. Upright Investments Trust is estimated to generate $160,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Management Investment, Open-ended



Industry:

Management Investment, Open-end




SIC Code:

6722











Name:
Upright Investments Trust


Year Founded:


2006






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 160,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 07039






Percentage Population



22,701
White
1,188
Hispanic
718
Black
5,933
Asian
58
Native American
18
Hawaiian
364
Other


77.3 %
White
4.0 %
Hispanic
2.4 %
Black
20.2 %
Asian
0.2 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
1.2 %
Other













Population




Population 
29,358




Female51.4%15,091


Male48.6%14,267




Median Age

43.4




Female44.2


Male42.4






























Questions & Answers









What are the annual sales for Upright Investments Trust?





Upright Investments Trust generates approximately $160,000 in annual sales.







How many people work at Upright Investments Trust?





Upright Investments Trust has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Are there other companies located at 615 W Mount Pleasant Ave, Livingston, NJ?





There are 16 commercial tenants at 615 W Mount Pleasant Ave, Livingston, NJ.









Is there a key contact at Upright Investments Trust?





You can contact Upright Investments Trust at (973) 533-1818







Where is Upright Investments Trust located?





Upright Investments Trust is located at 615 W Mount Pleasant Ave, Livingston, NJ 07039.







What is the phone number for Upright Investments Trust?





The phone number for Upright Investments Trust is (973) 533-1818







How long has Upright Investments Trust been in business?





Upright Investments Trust has been in business for approximately 11 years.







How big is Upright Investments Trust?





Upright Investments Trust is estimated to generate $160,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 07039






Average House Value


                                $ 575,200
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 133,143
                            



Number of Households

9,986



Persons per Household

2.91













Number of Businesses

2,684



Number of Employees

22,974



Land Area (square miles)

13.803



Water Area (square miles)

0.313



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























UPRIGHT INVESTMENTS TRUST Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      UPRIGHT INVESTMENTS TRUST
                    

•   EAST HANOVER, NJ
                          • Trust
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Upright Investments Trust is based out of East Hanover.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from UPRIGHT INVESTMENTS TRUST, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




upright investments trust


349 RIDGEDALE AVENUE

EAST HANOVER
NJ
                                                        
                                                    07936


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      9735331818







Recent SEC Filings




485BPOS filed on 06/12/2017
N-CSRS filed on 06/09/2017
485BXT filed on 05/30/2017
NSAR-A filed on 05/30/2017
485APOS filed on 03/17/2017
497 filed on 03/14/2017
N-Q filed on 02/27/2017
485BPOS filed on 02/21/2017
497J filed on 02/03/2017
485BPOS filed on 01/27/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 





Investments








































Skip to main content





















 



Home
About Us Mission
Process
Our Team

Services Investments
Alternative Investments
Annuity
Retirment Income Planning
Insurance
Wealth Transfer

Upcoming Events
Contact
New Client


 

 


You are hereHomeServicesInvestments 


Investments 

Investment plays a key role in your financial plan. A traditional investment includes the purchase of stocks, bonds or cash.
There are many theories in managing investment strategies – active vs. passive; strategic vs. tactical. At Upright Planning, we believe an active strategy is critical whether it is strategic or tactical. Professional management is a vital part in benefiting our clients’ portfolio. 









Services


Investments
Alternative Investments
Annuity
Retirment Income Planning
Insurance
Wealth Transfer



 
 




Sitemap
Legal, privacy, copyright and trademark information
 







Registered Principal offering securities and advisory services through Independent Financial Group, LLC (IFG), a registered broker-dealer and investment advisor. Member FINRA/SIPC. Upright Planning, LLC and IFG are not affiliated entities.
Licensed to conduct securities business in the following states: CA, DC, DE, FL, IL, MD, MI, NV, NY, PA, TX & VA
Information provided is from sources believed to be reliable however, we cannot guarantee or represent that it is accurate or complete. Because situations vary, any information provided on this site is not intended to indicate suitability for any particular investor. Hyperlinks are provided as a courtesy and should not be deemed as an endorsement. When you link to a third party website you are leaving our site and assume total responsibility for your use or activity on the third party sites. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against loss in a declining market. All contract guarantees and payout rates are subject to the claims-paying ability and financial strength of the issuing insurance company. 
 

 



© 2017 Upright Planning LLC. All rights reserved. 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds







































Invest in progress - Swell






U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







U.S. Trust - Contact Us




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Learn More








AR-ARHC3KYB EXP-2018.01.25






Videos:


Generations of Commitment to History and Heritage



Private Banking



Investment Management



The Role of a Fiduciary

View More Videos






Additional Resources

Our Latest Thinking
Press Room





Share:


Twitter
Facebook
Email
LinkedIn






Find An Office Near You






































 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)



   







Capabilities-Videos | U.S. Trust




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























An Approach Based on Your Life and Needs
Explore Our Video Library
Learn about how our insights, wide range of capabilities and generations of experience can help build an approach that works for you.








Private Banking
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking





















 
 
 
AR-ARP9TJVB-EXP-2018.02.7



More Information




 
 
 










Our Capabilities

Wealth Structuring
Investment Management
Credit and Banking



Our Latest Thinking

View Articles and Insights From U.S. Trust





Have Us Contact You
Find An Office Near You




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Simpli.com














































Web Results



Investment trust - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Investment_trust
An investment trust is a form of collective investment found mostly in the United 
Kingdom. Investment trusts are closed-end funds and are constituted as public ...



Northern Trust | Wealth Management, Asset Management & Asset ...

www.northerntrust.com
So whatever your greater, Northern Trust can help you achieve it. ... according to 
the Northern Trust Asset Management quarterly Investment Manager Survey of ...



What is an investment trust? - J.P. Morgan Asset Management

am.jpmorgan.com/gb/en/asset-management/gim/per/products/investment-trusts/what-is-an-investment-trust
An investment trust is a public listed company designed to profit its shareholders 
by investing in other companies' shares. Read more at J.P. Morgan.



U.S. Trust - Investment Management

www.ustrust.com/ust/pages/Investment-Management.aspx
At U.S. Trust, we believe that successful investment management starts with a 
deep understanding of each client's goals and objectives. We combine forward ...



Bessemer Trust - Investments

www.bessemertrust.com/portal/site/bessemernew/menuitem.7bb3c9946aedeec489db1f106e730a6c
Investments. Independent advice and a robust investment platform are the two 
requirements of sophisticated investors. We offer both.



Trust & Investments | ACNB

www.acnb.com/trust-investments
You've worked hard to achieve what you have, and our team of trust and 
investment professionals will work hard to help you achieve even more. With our
 ...



Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/r/reit.asp
A REIT is a type of security that invests in real estate through property or 
mortgages and often trades on major exchanges like a stock. REITs provide 
investors ...



Investment Management | Wilmington Trust

www.wilmingtontrust.com/wtcom/index.jsp?section=WAS&fileid=1179430811887
See how Wilmington Trust's unique approach to managing investment risk can 
help preserve and grow wealth.



Unit Investment Trust (UIT) - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/u/uit.asp
An investment company that offers a fixed, unmanaged portfolio, generally of 
stocks ... Unit investment trusts are one of three types of investment companies; 
the ...



Millennials don't trust investment advisers — here's a solution ...

www.marketwatch.com/story/millennials-dont-trust-investment-advisers-heres-a-solution-2017-04-20
May 3, 2017 ... Scottrade conducted a survey of investors and found that the younger they are, 
the less likely they are to trust investment advisers. Meanwhile ...








Related Search



                                
First Trust Uit




                                
Developing Trust




Trust Quotes




                                
Poems in Memory of Deceased Loved Ones






Trusting People




Trust in Relationships




Trust Issues in Relationships




                                
Memorial Poems






1


2


3


4


5


Next






Related Search



                                First Trust Uit




Trusting People




                                Developing Trust




Trust in Relationships




Trust Quotes




Trust Issues in Relationships




Trust Poems




                                Meaning of Trust




                                Broken Trust Quotes




                                Poems in Memory of Deceased Loved Ones




                                Memorial Poems




                                Poems for Lost Loved Ones





Popular Q&A



How can I calculate the exact yield on my unit trust investments ...


You are correct - you use a spreadsheet .. Simple way ... One fixed constant = [
current unit price] 6 columns = deposit date, deposit, number of unit...More »


uk.answers.yahoo.com




Cole Real Estate Investments - Discussion on Topix


I have about 13K in the Cole Capital REIT Property Trust II. It yields 7% annual 
dividend paid monthly and the share price is fixed at $10.00.More »


www.topix.com




REIT Forum » Topix


Jun 1, 2017 ... Regulations for investing in a Canadian REIT (Jun '16), Jun '16, Claire222, 1 · 
News ... Morguard Real Estate Investme...More »


www.topix.com


















Privacy


Terms


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

















       Best CD Rates – Compare CD Rates at Bankrate.com                                                          

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































