
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Ursa Space Systems Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:06 PM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Ursa Space Systems Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ursa Space Systems Inc. provides geospatial services using radar satellite imagery. It offers aerial and space-based data products for geographic mapping and location-based information services by providing day, night, and all-weather coverage. The company’s application program interface delivered on web platforms and mobile devices enable customers to directly connect its data with their own analytics applications. Its imagery and information products are used for market and weather forecasting, mapping, agriculture, disaster response, and military intelligence. The company offers its products and services for precision agriculture and commodity markets; and business intelligence, weather, ...
Ursa Space Systems Inc. provides geospatial services using radar satellite imagery. It offers aerial and space-based data products for geographic mapping and location-based information services by providing day, night, and all-weather coverage. The company’s application program interface delivered on web platforms and mobile devices enable customers to directly connect its data with their own analytics applications. Its imagery and information products are used for market and weather forecasting, mapping, agriculture, disaster response, and military intelligence. The company offers its products and services for precision agriculture and commodity markets; and business intelligence, weather, humanitarian relief and civil protection, mapping, and traffic applications through a subscription revenue model. Ursa Space Systems Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Ithaca, New York.
Detailed Description


314 East State StreetSuite 200Ithaca, NY 14850United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 607-423-6625

www.ursaspace.com







Key Executives for Ursa Space Systems Inc.


Ursa Space Systems Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 4M Research, Inc. United States A E Wolffe Limited United States A&G Machine, Inc. United States A-1 Machining Co. Inc. United States a.i. solutions, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 15, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ursa Space Systems Inc., please visit www.ursaspace.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Ursa Space Systems Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























ursa space systems inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Hardware
Sub-Industry: Communications Equipment
Ursa Space Systems Inc. create innovative processing techniques to transform complex imagery from satellites into simple-to-use and understandable information. The Company uses Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) satellite imagery that can see through clouds, inclement weather, and night time.




Corporate Information
Address:

314 East State Street
Suite 200
Ithaca, NY 14850
United States


Phone:
1-607-423-6625


Fax:
-


Web url:
ursaspace.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Ursa Space Systems - This is the site for Ursa Space Systems Inc.























































 





Toggle navigation










 Reliable Global Economic Intelligence 
 

ProductsUrsa delivers global economic insights to energy and financial enterprises, providing a reliable information source about areas of the world that are traditionally opaque.Available now! 




 

Ursa Energy Fundamentals Weekly Oil Storage Report 

				Reliable global weekly updates

Summary report & data feed


Use cases include: crude oil balance sheet, macro-economic analysis, systematic trading
			



 

Custom Monitoring Services 

				Monitor events worldwide as they unfold

Immediate delivery after processing


Examples include: refinery activity, new construction & repair, pipeline construction & repair			






  About UsPrivacy Policy & Terms of UseUrsa delivers valuable economic intelligence to decision makers. We make sense of space-based insights for enterprise customers.
Our observations help analysts fill in the gaps when there are no readily-available sources of information. We specialize in reliably delivering results on a weekly or on-demand cadence.

What makes Ursa so reliable? We use space-based data from radar satellites as the source of our timely reports. Radar works through clouds and at night, allowing us to collect information about activities on the Earth rain or shine.
 
Using our established network of suppliers, we can deliver information about anywhere on the Earth, every 12 hours.

Ursa was founded in early 2015 by leaders in the satellite and computer security fields with the vision of serving customers with valuable insights derived from satellite imagery.  Leadership Team 





Adam Maher
Founder and Chief Executive Officer







							Adam leads Ursa as its founder and President. He worked with SSL for 8 years where he served as a Principal Spacecraft Systems Engineer supporting Commercial and US business. Adam has a BS and MEng in Mechanical Engineering from Cornell University.						








Julie Baker
Co-founder and Vice President of Operations







							Julie leads Ursa’s growing data platform development team. She has 30+ years of experience in the software industry. Previously, as a VP/COO, she led advanced R&D and product development in computer security and information management. Julie has an MSCS from Stanford.						








Derek Edinger
Co-founder and Vice President of Strategic Partnerships







							Derek leads Ursa’s business development and strategic partnerships.  He has 20+ years of satellite industry experience was previously Director of Product Strategy and Development at SSL. Derek has a BS and MEng in Mechanical Engineering from Cornell University.						








Matt Wood
Vice President of Sales and Marketing







							Matt was most recently Go-to-Market Lead at Google / Terra Bella where he led their team and strategy for satellite-imagery based products and analytics.  Overall, he is a seasoned 20 year go-to-market executive in the geospatial intelligence sector with substantial leadership and international experience in product management, product marketing, and business development.						








COLIN FENTON
Advisor






							Colin advises Ursa on products and strategy for the commodities market.  He is an industry recognized expert in commodities research, is managing partner at Blacklight Research, fellow at Columbia University, and was most recently managing director of global commodities research at J.P. Morgan.						








Ben Cross
Advisor







							Ben advises Ursa on products and strategy for the commodities market.  He is a 30-year financial industry veteran and, most notably, helped to build the commodities group at Morgan Stanley during his 20 years with the firm.  As Managing Director of Morgan Stanley, Cross led both commodity hedge fund sales as well as the firm’s global metals business.						



  BLOGView all postsAlpha in the SkyIthaca, NY – June 9, 2017 – Join us at the BattleFin Discovery Day Intrepid on June 14, 2017 in New York City. Discovery Day is BattleFin’s premier private event where investors, managers, data providers and systematic & data-centric hedge funds come to find alpha, capital and funding. Matt Wood, Ursa’s VP of Sales and[…]
Ursa Space Systems Inc. to Announce Agreement with e-GEOS at the GEOINT 2017 SymposiumIthaca, NY – June 6, 2017 – Ursa Space Systems Inc. (Ursa) is pleased to announce a revenue sharing agreement and expanded collaboration with e-GEOS (a Telespazio/ASI Company), a leading supplier of satellite-based synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imagery. This agreement enhances Ursa’s global economic intelligence subscription products. “We’re very excited to expand our existing relationship[…]
Ursa CEO to Speak at GEOINT 2017Ursa is a member of the United States Geospatial Intelligence Foundation (USGIF) and will exhibit at USGIF’s GEOINT 2017 symposium June 4-7 at the Henry B. Gonzales Convention Center in San Antonio, TX. The GEOINT Symposium is the premier annual event for professionals engaged in every facet of GEOINT, bringing together over 4,000 individuals from[…]
Global Crude Inventories Play Powerful Role for OPECIthaca, NY – May 23, 2017 – Along with shale oil production, crude oil inventories are playing a powerful role in determining global oil prices. Wall Street Journal’s “OPEC’s Foil: It Can’t Drain Enough Stored Oil”, explains the difficult time that OPEC has had in trying to balance oil prices by cutting output. Investors need[…]
Shanghai Crude Oil Futures Contract in 2017?Ithaca, NY – May 16, 2017 – A majority of the world’s crude oil futures contracts are based on two benchmarks: West Texas Intermediate (WTI) and Brent. These contracts allow the buyer to receive a quantity of crude oil from the seller at a predetermined price at some point in the future. Traders attempt to[…]
Ursa Overcomes Cloudy SkiesIthaca, NY – May 11, 2017 – Over 50% of the Earth is covered in clouds every day. For oil storage locations specifically, many of the areas that customers are interested in are covered in clouds for much of the year (Singapore, East Coast of China, Nigeria, Venezuela, etc). Some companies try to launch enough[…]
Ursa at Platts Global Crude Oil SummitUrsa is a sponsor and will exhibit at the Platts 10th Annual Global Crude Oil Summit May 10-11. Join us in London for the “flagship oil conference” that offers a “cutting edge, market-driven agenda … for the highest quality, up-to-the-minute market intelligence and new business opportunities.” Come by to talk with Ursa about our expanded[…]
Bringing Satellites to Wall StreetIthaca, NY – May 4, 2017 – Ursa is the first company to reliably deliver weekly reports on China’s oil inventories, disrupting financial markets and providing early insights. We developed the China Oil Storage report for energy and financial professionals who require a reliable, timely and granular dataset over China. Ursa’s China Oil Storage product[…]
Ursa Expands Coverage of Oil Inventories in ChinaWorld’s First Reliable Reports of Oil Stocks of China Ithaca, NY – May 3, 2017 – Ursa Space Systems Inc. (Ursa) today announced the worldwide release of their expanded China Oil Storage product, the first reliable report of China’s crude oil stocks. The report covers 75% of China’s crude oil tanks, including 100% of Strategic[…]
Discount to Benzinga Global Fintech Awards – May 11Ithaca, NY – May 1, 2017 – Get a coupon for $200.00 off of the event ticket price for the Benzinga Global Fintech Awards on May 11, 2017 in NYC. This offer represents a 33% discount! (You can find the coupon code on page 2 of the invitation.) Billed as “New York City’s hottest Fintech party[…]
PreviousNext 



Contact 


















Send Message




 
 

 
 


















Ursa Products - Ursa Space Systems

























































Toggle navigation











 





  Ursa Products   Ursa delivers global economic insights to energy and financial enterprises, providing a reliable information source about areas of the world that are traditionally opaque.
What makes Ursa so reliable? We use space-based imagery from radar satellites as the source of our timely reports. Radar works through clouds and at night, allowing us to collect information about activities on the Earth rain or shine.


First Name:



Last Name:



E-mail:



Phone #:



Company/Organization:



Country:



I’m interested in:
 Weekly Oil Storage Report
 Custom Monitoring Services
 Other Products
 Use Case Examples
Ursa Evaluation License Agreement
IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, ACCESSING, OR USING THE URSA PRODUCTS (AS DEFINED BELOW), INCLUDING THE URSA WEB PAGE, SOFTWARE, OR DATA, YOU (THE INDIVIDUAL OR LEGAL ENTITY) AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS URSA EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, OR USE ANY URSA PRODUCTS, AND YOU MUST DELETE OR RETURN ANY SUCH PRODUCTS.
1. GRANT AND USE RIGHTS.
1.1 License. Ursa Space Systems Inc. (“Ursa”) hereby grants to the person or legal entity identified below (“You”) a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, limited right and license to use one login or copy of Ursa Products solely in a non-production environment and for a limited time period of 4 weeks commencing on the date of this Agreement (the “Evaluation Period”) for the sole purpose of internally evaluating the Products for access or purchase. The Evaluation Period may be extended by Ursa in writing, at Ursa’s sole discretion. “Products” mean web page access, software products, reports, or data that are furnished to You under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any related components provided with the software, application programming interfaces, associated media, printed materials, online or electronic documentation, data available from web page, raw data, analytics derived from data, and any updates and maintenance releases thereto. Open source software components provided with the Web Page or Software are licensed to You under the terms of the applicable license agreements that govern such open source software components.
1.2 License Limitations. You may not copy the Products or remove, alter or obscure any titles, trademarks or trade names, copyright notices, legends, or other proprietary markings on the Products. You are not granted any rights to any trademarks or service marks of Ursa. Ursa retains all rights not expressly granted to You in this Agreement.
1.3 Restrictions. Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or by applicable law, You may not (i) disclose, sell, lease, assign, license, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer in whole or in part the Products; (ii) permit any use of or access to the Products by any third party, or operate the Products on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, including the operation of any service that is accessed by a third party; (iii) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Products; (iv) modify or create derivative works based upon the Products except for internal evaluation purposes; or (v) create, develop, license, install, use, or deploy any software or services to circumvent, enable, modify or provide access, permissions or rights which violate the technical restrictions in the Products. If You wish to exercise any rights to reverse engineer to ensure interoperability in accordance with applicable law, You must first provide Ursa with written notice and all reasonably requested information to info@ursaspace.com within 30 days. Ursa will assess your request and, at Ursa’s sole discretion, may accommodate the request, reject the request, and/or make a proposal to provide alternatives that reduce any adverse impact on Ursa’s intellectual property or other rights. You agree to provide access to Products only to those employees who require access for purposes of evaluating the Products (the “Authorized Employees”). Upon request, You will provide Ursa with a list of the Authorized Employees, and Ursa reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to deny any Authorized Employee access to Products. You will inform the Authorized Employees of, and ensure that they strictly abide by, the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You will be liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized Employee. In no event shall Authorized Employees include any personnel who are involved in the research, development, marketing, or promotion of any technology which is competitive with or similar to the Products.
1.4 Licenses required for third-party software. You are solely responsible for separately obtaining and complying with any licenses necessary to operate third-party software, including but not limited to, Guest Operating Systems and application programs which the Product enables You to run.
2. TITLE. Ursa retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Products and in all related copyrights, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and any other intellectual and industrial property and proprietary rights, including registrations, applications, renewals, and extensions of such rights. You further acknowledge that the Products and the procedures relating thereto are trade secrets and confidential information of Ursa and its suppliers that (i) derive inde-pendent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who could obtain economic value from their disclosure or use and (ii) are the subject of efforts by Ursa and its suppliers, including but not limited to this Agreement, that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain their secrecy. You expressly acknowl¬edge and agree that You obtain no rights or privileges with regard to the Products or any trade secrets related thereto by virtue of this Agreement other than the license rights expressly granted herein.
3. SUPPORT AND SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES NOT INCLUDED
Ursa will not provide any support services under this Agreement. This Agreement does not give You any rights to any updates or upgrades to the Product or to any extensions or enhancements to the Product developed by Ursa at any time in the future. Ursa may use any technical information You provide to Ursa for any Ursa business purposes without restriction, including for product support and development. Ursa will not use information in a form that personally identifies You.
4. CONFIDENTIALITY
You agree to hold the Products and all information obtained from Ursa hereunder or otherwise concerning procedures relating to the use of the Products, as well as the terms and the fact of this Agreement, in strict confidence and to exercise no less than the same degree of care to safeguard the confidentiality of the foregoing that You would exercise to safeguard the confidentiality of Your own confidential data, programs and information. Neither You nor Your Authorized Employees shall disclose or disseminate to any party, other than Your Authorized Employees, the content of the Products or any procedures relating to the use of the Products. You further agree that neither You nor Your Authorized Employees shall use any of the foregoing information for Your benefit (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) or for the benefit of any third party without the prior written consent of Ursa.5. FEES AND PAYMENT
Provided that Your use is in accordance with this Agreement, Ursa waives any fees otherwise due. In the event You or any person acting under or through You uses the Products in violation of this Agreement, You agree to pay Ursa, in addition to any other remedies Ursa may have at law or in equity, Ursa’s then current rates for such use.
6. TERM AND TERMINATION
This Agreement will expire one year from the signature date unless terminated sooner as set forth in this section. Each party hereto may terminate this Agreement at any time upon notice to the other party. In the event of termination, the license granted herein shall automatically terminate and You must remove and destroy all copies of the Product, including all backup copies, from the server and all computers and terminals You own, possess or control and on which the Product is installed or stored. Upon request, you must provide a written attestation to Ursa of such destruction. The provisions of this Agreement that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive the termination of this Agreement, including without limitation the provisions regarding title, confidentiality, exclusion of warranty, and limitation of liability, will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.
7. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY. You acknowledge and agree that (i) access to the Products has been provided solely for evaluation purposes; (ii) the Products may not be in final form or fully functional; (iii) use of the Products could result in unexpected results, loss of data, project delays or other loss to You; and (iv) for these and other reasons the Products may not be available for license or made available to You for license at the conclusion of the Evaluation Period. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE MANDATORY LAW, URSA AND ITS LICENSORS PROVIDE THE PRODUCT AS IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, AND URSA AND ITS LICENSORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
7.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL URSA AND ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, LOSS OF USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE PRECEDING LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. URSA’S AND ITS LICENSORS’ LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT, IN ANY EVENT, EXCEED THE LICENSE FEES YOU PAID FOR THE PRODUCT, IF ANY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER URSA OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
8. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
Due to the unique and proprietary nature of the Products and Ursa’s confidential and proprietary information, it is understood and agreed that Ursa’s remedies at law for a breach by You of your obligations under Sections 1 or 4 will be inadequate and that Ursa shall, in the event of any such breach, be entitled to equitable relief (including without limitation provisional and permanent injunctive relief and specific performance). In addition, You hereby expressly waive the right to a hearing prior to the issuance of any order by a court of competent jurisdiction granting possession of the Products to Ursa. Ursa shall be entitled to the relief described in this section without the requirement of posting a bond. Nothing stated herein shall limit any other remedies provided under this Agreement or available to Ursa at law.
9. GENERAL
9.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth Ursa’s entire liability and your exclusive remedy with respect to the Products and supersedes the terms of any communications or advertising with respect to the Products. You acknowledge that this Agreement is a complete statement of the agreement between You and Ursa with respect to the Products, and that there are no other prior or contemporaneous understandings, promises, representations, or descriptions with respect to the Products.
9.2 Headings. Headings under this Agreement are intended only for convenience and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.
9.3 Waiver and Modification. No failure of either party to exercise or enforce any of its rights under this Agreement will act as a waiver of those rights. This Agreement may only be modified, or any rights under it waived, by a written document executed by the party against which it is asserted.
9.4 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is found illegal or unenforceable, it will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the legality and enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement will not be affected.
9.5 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the state of New York, without regard to the choice of law principles of any jurisdiction. Venue for any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be had in the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York, and each party waives any objection to such venue on the basis of forum non conveniens or otherwise. The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement.
9.6 Assignment. You may not assign this Agreement without Ursa’s prior written consent, which may be withheld in Ursa’s sole discretion, and any attempted assignment without such consent will be void.
9.7 Government Restrictions. The Products and accompanying documentation are deemed to be “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212(b), as applicable. Any use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of the Products by the U.S. Government shall be subject to and governed solely by the terms of this Agreement.
9.8 Export Controls. The Products are of United States origin and are provided subject to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Diversion contrary to U.S. law is prohibited. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that (1) You are not, and are not acting on behalf of, any person who is a citizen, national, or resident of, or who is controlled by the government of, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria, or any other country to which the United States has prohibited export transactions; (2) You are not, and are not acting on behalf of, any person or entity listed on the U.S. Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, or the U.S. Commerce Department Denied Persons List or Entity List; and (3) You will not use the Products for, and will not permit the Products to be used for, any purposes prohibited by law, including, without limitation, for any prohibited development, design, manufacture or production of missiles or nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.
9.9 Contact Information. If you have any questions about or notices for delivery under this Agreement, or if you want to contact Ursa for any reason, please direct all correspondence to: Ursa Space Systems Inc., 401 E. State St., Suite 203, Ithaca NY, 14850 United States of America or email info@ursaspace.com.
I ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND AM AUTHORIZED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.

 
 Check here to indicate you have read and agree to the terms and conditions of the above Ursa Evaluation License Agreement
 
 Check here for other license agreement options



  

  

Search for:



Home
Blog
   

 
















Ursa Space Systems IncDetails - GEOINT Solutions Marketplace



































 Sorry, your browser is not supported. Some parts of GSM may not work. To use GSM we recommend the latest version of Chrome or Firefox. Dismiss



















 Organization Details




Contact Us

401 E. State Street, Suite 203, Ithaca, NY 14850
http://www.ursaspace.com


Business POC


Julie Baker
                  

+16072791498
                  

julie@ursaspace.com


Technical POC


Derek Edinger
                  

+16505615502
                  

derek@ursaspace.com







Provider



Ursa Space Systems Inc
Reliable Global Economic Intelligence
Market Area: Economic Intelligence including Oil and Gas and Other Commodities
Founded: 2014
Location: Ithaca, NY
Size: Small
About Us
Ursa Space Systems (Ursa) is a US-based company that delivers reliable global economic intelligence.  Ursa produces valuable insights for customers, derived from satellite imagery, using space-based data from radar satellites to collect information about activities on the Earth. 
Ursa aggregates and analyzes satellite-based radar to build proprietary data layers, resulting in unbiased, consistent all-weather locationservices and measurements for things that do not have active signals or connections. With our established network of suppliers, we can deliver information about any location on the Earth, every 12 hours.


Ursa Space Systems Inc
Capabilities



Contact Us

401 E. State Street, Suite 203, Ithaca, NY 14850
http://www.ursaspace.com


Business POC


Julie Baker
                  

+16072791498
                  

julie@ursaspace.com


Technical POC


Derek Edinger
                  

+16505615502
                  

derek@ursaspace.com



































Ursa Space Systems Joins OGSystems' BlueGlassTM Platform







































































News»

GIS News

GIS Weekly

GIS Magazine

Corporate Newsletters

Newsgroups

Submit News


Events»

GIS Events

Submit New Event

Purchase Webinar Listing


Tutorials

Jobs

Catalog»

Company Directory

Product Catalog

Submit


Videos»

GIS Videos

Submit New Video

Submit New YouTube Video


Downloads»

Technical Papers

Articles

Case Studies

GIS Presentations

More Categories

Submit New Download


Resources»

Universities

Government


Blogs

Forums

Books

Advertise»

GIS Media Kit

Banner Ad Specifications

eMail Blast Specifications

Inquire









Home
News
Events
Tutorials
Jobs
Catalog
Videos
Downloads
Resources
Blogs
Forums
Books
Advertise







Ursa Space Systems Joins OGSystems' BlueGlassTM Platform

  |  | Rate | Review | More GIS News









Tweet













Rate This Article



 5 Stars 
 4 Stars 
 3 Stars 
 2 Stars 
 1 Star 














CHANTILLY, Va. — (BUSINESS WIRE) — June 1, 2017 —

      OGSystems (OGS), a leader in technology innovation for the Department of 
      Defense (DoD) and Intelligence Community (IC), today announced its 
      partnership with Ursa Space Systems Inc. (Ursa), incorporating 
      Observation as a Service into 
BlueGlass 
      – OGSystems’ easily accessible location-based intelligence platform. 
      Ursa specializes in access, aggregation and analytics of global 
      commercial satellite-based radar.
    

      “Ursa’s reliable global observation intelligence capabilities bring 
      imagery to life to automate photo interpretation,” said Omar Balkissoon, 
      CEO and co-founder of OGSystems. “BlueGlass brings these observations 
      together with natural language generation to perform basic imagery 
      analysis reporting, freeing analysts and operators to focus on higher 
      order assessments and operations.”
    

      OGSystems’ BlueGlass platform models the world delivering insights 
      through integrated data and artificial intelligence, by combining 
      commercial remote sensing, big data, and artificial intelligence to 
      deliver real-time insights through situational awareness, anomaly 
      alerting, and reporting of activities that could pose risk to user 
      operations.
    

      OGSystems will showcase BlueGlass during the United States Geospatial 
      Intelligence Foundation’s (USGIF) 2017 GEOINT Symposium taking place 
      June 4-7 in San Antonio, TX. Visit Booth 525 for a live demo.
    

      “We are proud to support OGSystems’ vision of offering location-based 
      intelligence in an easily accessible analytics platform,” said Adam 
      Maher, CEO and founder of Ursa Space Systems. “We’re excited to be 
      working with platforms like BlueGlass to make the power of radar data 
      more accessible to a broader number of users in the world.”
    

About Ursa Space Systems Inc.


      Ursa delivers global economic intelligence to energy and financial 
      enterprises, providing reliable information about areas of the world 
      that are traditionally opaque. The company was formed in early 2015 by 
      leaders in the satellite and software security fields with the vision to 
      unlock the potential of data and insights derived from satellite 
      imaging. Ursa is headquartered in Ithaca, NY. For more information see 
www.ursaspace.com.
    

About OGSystems


      OGSystems’ (OGS) mission is to provide technically advanced geospatial 
      and security solutions to customers through constant innovation, 
      effecting positive change in every engagement. In an industry accustomed 
      to long and inefficient procurement cycles, OGS thinks differently - we 
      are an alternative for DoD and IC clients seeking nimble companies to 
      solve their most difficult problems. Headquartered in Chantilly, 
      Virginia, with regional offices in St. Louis, Missouri, San Diego, 
      California, and Portland, Oregon, OGS employs over 300 geospatial 
      engineers, software developers, data scientists and mission subject 
      matter experts. For more information, visit 
http://www.ogsystems.com.
    


View source version on businesswire.com: 
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170601005194/en/

Contact:

      OGSystems

Carrie Drake, 703-870-7552, ext. 275


Email Contact





 Be the first to review this article











Related News
Cubic’s GATR Technologies Introduces Highly Portable Satellite Tracking Imaging Ground Station
Voyager Search Makes Its Search Engine Smarter With New Natural Language Processing Feature In Version 1.9.9
Harris Corporation Worldwide Maritime Tracking Technology Now Operational; Tracking 250,000 Ships
Google, Aclima, Environmental Defense Fund, and UT Austin Announce Results of Breakthrough Study Mapping Hyperlocal Air Quality

More News 


Featured Video










Jeff Young, Manager of Global Business Development
LizardTech












John Allan, VP Sales & Marketing
GeoSLAM












Arjaan Buijk, Tech Business Dev Manager
Hexagon












Dustin Sutton, President
3-GIS












Patrick Quigley, VP & GM North America
Nearmap












Chris Ahern, Marketing Manager
DOTProduct LLC












Scott Mahrle, Development Manager, SMART Quality Lead
Hexagon












Brant Howard, CEO
CompassCom






 Submit | More Videos 


Sponsored Videos








Stuart Blundell, Director, Strategy and Business Development
Harris Corp













Chris Prophett, Regional Director, Federal
Rubrik













Jay Liebowitz, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer
Princeton Lightwave





 Submit | More Videos 



GIS Corporate Newsletter




Harris Developments Newsletter - Summer 2017

Trimble Geospatial Newsletter June 2017
More Newsletters 




Important Notices




Map Smarter with MapSmart on Android
More Notices 



Jobs


Estimator / Bidder for Rulon International at Saint Augustine, FL

Submit Resume | 
Post Jobs | 
More Jobs 


Upcoming Events
Expedition Hackathon at 5540 N. Lamar Blvd Austin TX - Jul 29 - 30, 2017
2017 National Geospatial Preparedness Summit at University of Alabama Tuscaloosa - Aug 7 - 9, 2017
The Free and Open Source Software For Geospatial (FOSS4G 2017) conference at  Boston MA - Aug 14 - 19, 2017
Call for Participation: 15th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases (SSTD 2017) at  Washington, D.C. area VA - Aug 21 - 23, 2017

Submit | More Events 






















































  



	© 2017 Internet Business Systems, Inc.
	595 Millich Dr., Suite 216, Campbell, CA 95008
	+1 (408)-337-6870 — Contact Us, or visit our other sites:








 
Privacy Policy












