






Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,568 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,707 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,123 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,436 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,843 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,707 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,819 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,166 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,568 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,295 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,608 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,761 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,010 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,360 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,695 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,436 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,491 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,730 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,123 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,490 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,943 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.











Us Assets, Inc. – U.S. Assets, Inc company research and investing.             Skip to content   Home        123456      Connect.   Partner.   Grow.US ASSETS INC STRATEGICALLY PARTNERS WITH COMPANIES SEEKING TO GROW ENTERPRISE VALUE & CREATE WEALTH.WE SEEK TRUSTED PARTNERSHIPS WITH ENTREPRENEURS, BUSINESS OWNERS, FAMILY ENTERPRISES, AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT.WE PROVIDE CAPITAL, LIQUIDITY, AND EXPERTISE ACROSS PREFERRED INDUSTRIES.CONTACT US TODAY TO HELP US UNDERSTAND YOUR COMPANY’S GOALS.1234         Owners		    Referrals		    Scroll to top                                Investments Product Glossary | Investments and Wealth Management | U.S. Bank 



Your browser does not support JavaScript !Skip Navigation: Internet Banking LoginYour browser's version is not compatible. Please upgrade your browser.Close
Skip Navigation: Internet Banking Login








Personal


Small Business


Commercial & Government





search
















Log In











Online Banking


Online Investing


Mortgage Account


TrustNow


TrustNow Essentials










About U.S. Bank


Customer Service


Locations












Online & MobileBanking




Overview


Online Banking


Bill Pay


Mobile Banking


Online Investing






Checking & Savings




Checking


Savings & CDs


Debit Card


Student Banking






Credit Cards& Prepaid Cards




Credit Cards


Find My Card Offers


Know Your Credit Card


FlexPerks Credit Cards


Visa Gift Cards


Student Banking






Mortgage& Refinance




Home Loans


Mortgage


Refinance


Mortgage Calculators:


First-Time Home Buyer Help


Find a MortgageLoan Originator






Loans &Lines of Credit




Home Equity


Auto Loans


Boat Loans


RV Loans


Personal Line of Credit






Investing &Wealth Management




Overview


Products & Services


Your Goals


Wealth Management


Why Invest with U.S. Bank







U.S. Bank HomeInvestments and Wealth ManagementInvestment Products GlossaryInvestment Products GlossaryWe can help you understand some of today's most popular investment options.Overview
Owning a diversified mix of investments may be appropriate to help you work toward your most important long-term goals. The good news is that you have more choices than ever before to help you round out your portfolio. But that also creates challenges, especially if you have little experience managing your own investments. A good starting point is to understand basic investment options.
Investment products and financial services are provided through U.S. Bank and/or its affiliate, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.. StocksShares of stock provide an investor an ownership position in a specific corporation and represent a claim on the corporation’s earnings and assets. As an equity position, investors who purchase stock in a company seek to benefit from its continued growth and ability to generate profits, just as other owners of the company would receive. Common stock typically entitles shareholders to vote in the election of a board of directors and other matters presented for voting. Preferred stock typically does not include voting rights, but has priority on claims (such as dividend payments) compared to common stock. Corporations across the world and of all different sizes offer shares of their stock on the public market, giving all individuals an opportunity to own stock in their firms. Stock prices fluctuate throughout the day as they are bought and sold on public exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange.
Equity securities are subject to stock market fluctuations that occur in response to economic and business developments.  Investments in small and mid-sized companies may be more volatile than securities issued by larger companies. Investments outside of the USA have risks such as currency fluctuations, economic or financial instability, lack of timely or reliable information or unfavorable political or legal developments.  These risks increase for investments in emerging markets.BondsA bond is an interest-bearing security issued by a government entity or corporation. The issuer is obligated to pay the bondholder a specified amount, usually at specific intervals (interest payments) and to repay the principal amount when the bond matures. Fixed income securities are normally issued in maturities ranging from 30 days to 30 years. The ratings of bonds by various rating agencies can vary based on the reliability of the issuer and the potential risk that the issuer could default on the timely payment of interest and principal. Bonds can be traded on the open market and their principal value can fluctuate in large part due to changes in the interest rate environment or in the financial stability of the issuer.
Investing in fixed income securities (debt securities) is subject to various risks, including changes in interest rates, credit quality, market valuations, liquidity, prepayments, early redemption, corporate events, tax ramifications and other factors. Investment in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates rise. This risk is usually greater for longer term debt securities. Investments in lower rated and non rated securities present a greater risk of loss to principal and interest than higher rated securities.Mutual FundsA pool of money collected from shareholders that is invested in stocks, bonds, money market securities and other types of assets. Professional managers oversee a fund’s investment decision-making process and execute trades. Mutual funds allow individuals to gain access to a diversified group of assets for a relatively modest investment. Each fund has a stated investment objective that specifies how the underlying portfolio should be structured. Investors can choose from funds that are focused on owning stocks, bonds, specialty investments such as commodities, or a mix of different types of assets. Because funds are available across a broad range of asset classes, they may be an effective instrument to use in implementing an asset allocation strategy. Mutual funds are priced at the end of each trading day based on a fund’s Net Asset Value (NAV), which represents the combined worth of all underlying securities held in the portfolio.
Mutual fund investing involves risk; principal loss is possible. Investing in certain funds involves special risks, such as those related to investments in small- and mid-capitalization stocks, foreign, debt and high-yield securities, and funds that focus their investments in a particular industry. Mutual funds are sold by prospectus only.  Before investing, read the prospectus carefully to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  The current value of a collective investment fund share is calculated by dividing the total value of all securities in its portfolio, less any liabilities by the number of fund shares outstanding.Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)Securities that track a specific index, commodity or basket of assets. They are similar to a mutual fund, but trade like a stock on an exchange. The value of individual ETFs fluctuates in price throughout the day as it is bought and sold on the open market. Investors in ETFs can trade it as they would a stock, including the use of techniques such as short selling and margin buying. ETFs tend to have lower costs than the average mutual fund.
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) are baskets of securities that are traded on an exchange like individual stocks at negotiated prices and are not individually redeemable. ETFs are designed to generally track a market index – broad stock or bond market, stock industry sector or international stock. Shares of ETFs may trade at a premium or a discount to the net asset value of the underlying securities.  The current value of a collective investment fund share is calculated by dividing the total value of all securities in its portfolio, less any liabilities by the number of fund shares outstanding. Because ETFs and closed-end funds trade like stocks, their shares trade at market value which price can be at a premium or discount to NAV.  Exchange-traded funds are sold by prospectus. Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus, which contains this and other information, can be obtained by calling your financial advisor. Read it carefully before you invest.Unit Investment Trusts (UITs)A Unit Investment Trust (UIT) is a type of investment company that offers shares as “units” usually redeemable by the investor with the company.  A UIT does not actively trade its investment portfolio so there is usually little to no portfolio turnover.  UITs typically invest in stocks or bonds, which are selected as part of an overall investment strategy.  UITs may adopt a variety of strategies designed for income or capital appreciation.  The investment minimums are usually low, often $1,000 for nonqualified accounts ($100 for IRAs).  A UIT does not have a board of directors and does not employ an investment adviser to render advice during the life of the trust.Managed AccountsA personalized account for individual investors where a professional manager selects investments designed to work toward specific goals. The investor can count on a professional to monitor the account and make appropriate changes as necessary. Typically, a simple annual fee is charged for the account, and there are no charges for individual transactions. Managed accounts tend to have the flexibility to own a broad range of assets, including stocks, bonds, mutual funds, ETFs and other vehicles.AnnuitiesA contract between an individual and an insurance company designed to allow for tax-deferred accumulation of investment earnings. Fixed annuities come with a rate of return that is guaranteed by the claims-paying ability of the insurance company. An annuity contract can be annuitized, providing the individual with a guarantee (from the insurance company) of a fixed or variable payment at a future date.
A deferred variable annuity is a long-term financial product designed for retirement purposes. Before investing, read the prospectus carefully to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses and other important information. Early withdrawals may be a subject to surrender charges, and if taken prior to age 59 1/2, a 10% federal income tax penalty may apply. All guarantees are back by the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company. How to Get Started
Whether you’re new to investing or an experienced investor looking to diversify your portfolio, our knowledgeable financial professionals can help you choose the asset allocation strategy suited to your unique investment objectives.Find What's Right for YouFinancial PlanningUse Our CalculatorsMore Investment ProductsWe'll work with you to develop a plan that reflects your goals and dreams, and help you make informed choices about your future.

 Learn More
Customize scenarios for:

Retirement
Education
401(k)
Insurance


 See Calculators
We offer investment products and services to help you work toward your goals and simplify your financial life.

Learn More

Investment products and services are:
Not a Deposit•Not FDIC Insured•May Lose Value•Not Bank Guaranteed•Not Insured by any Federal Government Agency
For U.S. Bank:
U.S. Bank is not responsible for and does not guarantee the products, services or performance of U.S. Bancorp Investments.
For U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.:
Investment products and services are available through U.S. Bancorp Investments, the marketing name for U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., member FINRA and SIPC, an investment adviser and a brokerage subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp and affiliate of U.S. Bank.
Insurance products are available through various affiliated non-bank insurance agencies, which are U.S. Bancorp subsidiaries. Products may not be available in all states . CA Insurance License # OE24641.
Before investing, read the prospectus carefully to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Asset allocation and diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Rule 2267 provides for BrokerCheck to allow investors to learn about the professional background, business practices, and conduct of FINRA member firms or their brokers. To request such information, contact FINRA toll-free at 1.800.289.9999 or via http://brokercheck.finra.org. An investor brochure describing BrokerCheck is also available through FINRA.Get StartedInvest with an AdvisorWork with a dedicated advisor.Find an AdvisorCall to InvestTalk to a Financial Consultant at U.S. Bancorp Investments.Call UsInvest on Your OwnSet up a self-directed online brokerage account or IRA account with U.S. Bancorp Investments.Invest Now


About Us


Careers


Press Releases


Community Relations


Charitable Giving


Environmental Sustainability


Investor/Shareholder Information




Need Help?


Customer Service


Report Fraud


FAQs


Email Us


Accessibility




Manage Accounts


Pay Bills Online


Pay & View Your Mortgage


Pay & View Your Credit Card


Log in to Rewards Center in Online Banking


Online Statements


Account Alerts




Customer Favorites


Activate Your Debit Card


Find Your Routing Number


Order Checks


View CD Rates


 Find Mortgage Help & Repayment Options


Access REO (Bank-Owned) Properties






ÂŠ 2017 U.S. Bank National Association.



Achieve Blog


Careers


FAQ


Privacy


Online Tracking and Advertising


Site Map




Unsupported BrowserClose   Unsupported BrowserWe've detected that you are currently accessing this site using an older version of Internet Explorer. We have not designed this site to support older versions of Internet Explorer. Therefore, you may encounter issues with how the site is displayed and how you can navigate through the site when using this older browser. We highly recommend you upgrade your current browser or download a new version of a different browser.Upgrade Internet ExplorerAlternatively, you may want to download a new version of a different browser:			
			Download Mozilla FirefoxDownload Google ChromeDownload Safari  About US Assets, Inc. – Us Assets, Inc.             Skip to content   Home  About US Assets, Inc.1      ABOUT US ASSETS INCUS Assets was formed in 2014 to invest in and assist existing and new companies grow. Whether through fresh capital, increased liquidity, or monetization of existing assets, US Assets seeks partnerships with owners and management.TYPICAL TRANSACTION PAREMETERSWe typically invest in the “lower and middle market” with companies generating between $1M and $10M EBITDA.PREFERRED INDUSTRIESWe consider a wide range of businesses for investment with a preference for “old world” industries with reliable cash flows. Past investments include retail, light manufacturing, and health care services. Other industries currently under consideration include commercial insurance, wholesale food production, and logistics.GET IN TOUCH TODAY    Contact Us		 1601 Elm st. Suite 4210  Dallas, Texas 75201  Dallas, Texas 75201   Scroll to top                                 

US Assets Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















us assets inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
US Assets Inc. operates as a real estate investment company. The Company acquires commercial real estate assets for investment and resale. US Assets focuses on purchasing, developing, and leasing single tenant commercial properties, as well as invests in mortgage receivables and other assets.




Corporate Information
Address:

1910 Pacific Avenue
Suite 17060
Dallas, TX 75201
United States


Phone:
1-469-607-8448


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.usassetsinc.com





Board Members




Chairman/President/CEO/Founder
Company


Jeffrey Love
Suite Magic Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Jeffrey Love "Jeff"


Chairman/President/CEO/Founder




J Dave Aarant


Chief Financial Officer




Ahmed Mahmud


Chief Operations Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












About Us | Asset Management Inc.
















Home
About UsProcess


Wealth ServicesServices & Products


Market Summary
Newsletters
Links
Contact Us







 


Section Links


Process






Get a Free Consultation





Newsletter Signup





Refer a Friend




 
 


Financial News





Goodyear, Imax, Gap are market movers




Stocks stage late rally and finish flat




Nasdaq stocks posting largest...




Most active Nasdaq-traded stocks





    Read More  

 















 



Home » About Us About Us





	As you strive to grow your personal net worth, the financial challenges you face become increasingly complex. While some investors have a long-term strategy in place to grow their assets and manage risk within their portfolios, many do not have the strategies for dealing with the tax implications that result from the distribution and transfer of the assets they worked so hard to accumulate.

	Capitalizing on opportunities to preserve, grow, and transfer your wealth requires the sophisticated guidance of a professional who knows and understands your long-term financial goals.

	Asset Management Inc. provides our clients with financial management to help them achieve lifetime peace of mind. We are committed to building deeply rich and satisfying lives by delivering on financial success. We use our Lifetime Asset Management Plan (L.A.M.P) to build custom structures that help our clients protect and grow their wealth.

	Clients

	For us, it will always be about our clients. The financial world is as complex and diverse as ever often leaving you feeling left out at sea. We are passionate about discovering your expectations and navigating your future financial goals.

	Core Values

	The foundation of our Firm is built on integrity, responsibility, excellence and passion. Our integrity is based on our client relationships and the trust we’ve earned. Our responsibility is to ask, listen and provide for your financial needs. Our excellence is to strive to provide service which exceeds your expectations in every way. Our passion is to help ensure your future.

	Services

	Trusting someone to invest your hard earned dollars can be nerve wracking but it doesn’t have to be. Understanding where you are in the cycle of investor emotions; from fear or desperation or panic, to hope or optimism or euphoria helps us better guide you. We engage in connecting with you beyond the numbers, to bring your goals and emotions to life creating a human connection.

	Partners

	Asset Management, Inc. is a well-established leader and has exceptionally positioned itself in the industry. The partnerships we’ve developed over four decades to provide you with products, services and support are truly unsurpassed. We’ve built our reputation of success by developing partnerships which have the same integrity and underlying spirit as ourselves.

	Strategy

	Your situation is unique and through the discovery and implementation of our Lifetime Asset Management Plan, we will deliver the solutions necessary for you to achieve your goals and objectives. We are fully accountable to get each of our elements correct so that together we can thrive and endure.

 







Main Links

Home
About UsProcess

Wealth Services
Market Summary
Newsletters
Links
Contact Us
 




Other Links

Privacy Statement
Sitemap
 




Get In Touch

3447 Pelham Road
Suite 201
Greenville, SC 29615
864.675.1571
Email Us






	Disclaimer 


© Asset Management Inc.  Design and Development by Ronnie Taylor Consulting






US Assets Inc 8351 NW 93rd St Medley, FL Government Offices-Us - MapQuest







































































































    US Assets Inc
  

8351 NW 93rd St

Medley
FL
33166




 Reviews



(305) 885-0301
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















US Assets Inc Medley, FL 33166 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFederal Government near Medley, FLUS Assets IncIn mybook® : Community Collection (edit)Added to your community collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your community collection.US Assets IncWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!8351 NW 93rd St, Medley, FL 33166(305) 885-0301Add HoursAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessSponsored LinksHoursDo you know the hours for this business?Extra PhonesTollFree: (800) 258-6873NeighborhoodMedleyOther Linkhttp://www.usfoundry.com/usfoundryCategoriesFederal Government, Government Offices COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Sponsored LinksMap & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedMiami Vet Center - U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs(2)8280 NW 27th St Ste 33155, Doral, FLUS Armed Forces Counselor7785 NW 48th St, Doral, FLUS Atlantic Freight Lines Inc9720 NW 115th Way, Medley, FLPeruvian Air Force7050 NW 51st St, Miami, FLFaa7500 NW 58th St, Miami, FLPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback







Contact Us | Assets, Inc.
















Skip to main content












  





 




Assets, Inc.


Home
Who We Are
Forms
Services
Core Values
Mission & Beliefs
Employment
Success Stories
  
 





Pick Click Give



Prospective Community Employers

If you are a private business owner considering hiring a person with a disability
Click here for more information!








Contact Us  





Assets, Inc. 2330 Nichols St. Anchorage, AK 99508-3495 Phone: (907) 279-6617 Fax: (907) 274-0636
 
Executive Director
Matt Jones
Director of Compliance and Quality Assurance
Susan Newsome
Chief of Commercial Operations
Chuck Almasy 
Chief of Services
Mistee Davis
Human Resources Director
Kimberly Green 
Finance Director
Amanda Watson
Behavioral Health Director
Marti Romero Psy D
Print Shop Manager
David Large
Community Services Intake
Michael Sipple
Supported Employment with Assets
Ann Anderson
Supported Employment with Community Businesses
Amanda Haynes
 




 
 




Assets, Inc.2330 Nichols St.Anchorage, Alaska 99508-3495Phone: (907) 279-6617Fax: (907) 274-0636




Contact Us
Donate
Supporters
Feedback
Intranet
Links
Privacy Policy
Medical Privacy Policy
 



© 2017 Assets, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 


 
 









Employment | Assets, Inc.
















Skip to main content












  





 




Assets, Inc.


Home
Who We Are
Forms
Services
Core Values
Mission & Beliefs
Employment
Success Stories
  
 





Pick Click Give



Prospective Community Employers

If you are a private business owner considering hiring a person with a disability
Click here for more information!








Employment  





Read what current employees say about working at Assets:
"Assets' really cares about people"
"Relaxed working atmosphere"
"Skilled Supervision"
"Great Co-workers"
"We work as a team"
"We live our mission"
"Lots of opportunities to be creative"
"My supervisor always has time for me"
"I really feel valued"
"Management leads by example"
"There's a 'can do' attitude"
 
We offer competitive benefits
Our competitive benefit package includes: Generous leave policy, 12 paid holidays per year, Medical coverage, 401(k) Plan with employer match, Education Reimbursement and Employee Assistance Program.
Exciting employment opportunities are available now!
View Current Job Openings
 




 
 




Assets, Inc.2330 Nichols St.Anchorage, Alaska 99508-3495Phone: (907) 279-6617Fax: (907) 274-0636




Contact Us
Donate
Supporters
Feedback
Intranet
Links
Privacy Policy
Medical Privacy Policy
 



© 2017 Assets, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 


 
 


