 







In Apr 2015, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. Information Seminar































 







 



 













Homebirth of DADIAbout DADIStrongholdAdvantagePolicy AdvantageProduct AdvantagesMarket advantageLatest newsPartnershipHaixin companyHong Kong SME Trade AllianceHong Kong ZhupiterContact us






 












 


 



Home/Latest news/In Apr 2015, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. Information Seminar


 


Customer Service 





should you require any further information or assistance,please feel free to contact me.














				In Apr 2015, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. Information Seminar



US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. Information Seminar
Daly City, California, U.S.A April 16, 2015 -- US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. (OTC-QB:USDF) announces the report on information seminar held on April 8, 2015 in Hong Kong.
On April 8, 2015, Hong Kong time, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International Inc. held an information seminar in Hong Kong to disseminate information regarding the latest development of the corporation. The information seminar was well received by its audience. Attendees included representatives of partners of US-Dadi, existing investors in the region and Win Fung Securities Limited.
During the information seminar, Mr. Ling Yam Lam, president of US-Dadi, introduced the background of US-Dadi and the rationale of listing on the OTCQB market. At the same time, Mr. Lam shared the business operations as well as the business development progress in the South-East Asia region markets.
Mr. Lam further explained the latest business direction to include agricultural products as a new line of business other than fertilizer product line. Mr. Lam reported that the company secured a new contract of rose tea sourced from farms in the Heilongjiang province. Mr. Lam also indicated business negotiation with the potential buyers was in progress.
During the break of the meeting, participants enjoyed the refreshment prepared by the organizer which was made from the products of Heilongjiang. Product samples were given to the audience as free gifts for their enjoyment and appreciation of the premium quality of rose tea from Heilongjiang province. All the participants strongly believe that US-Dadi will have a prosperous future.
About US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.
US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. is an international distributor of organic fertilizer, Malonghe Brand organic rice and farming equipment to the agricultural marketplace globally. Through a joint venture with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. distributes organic fertilizer from China to agricultural customers worldwide. More information can be found on the Company's website at: www.usdadi.com
Forward Looking Statements: This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") (which Sections were adopted as part of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "project," "prospects," "outlook," and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would," "may," and "could" are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. These forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results, performance or achievements. We disclaim any intention to, and undertake no obligation to, revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise.
Contact: Investor Relations
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.



 


Contacts 


For general information about the event/expo/conference, including registration, please contact us at:E-Mail :  info@usdadi.com









Homebirth of DADIAbout DADIStrongholdAdvantagePolicy AdvantageProduct AdvantagesMarket advantageLatest newsPartnershipHaixin companyHong Kong SME Trade AllianceHong Kong ZhupiterContact us



 






Home



































 







 



 













Homebirth of DADIAbout DADIStrongholdAdvantagePolicy AdvantageProduct AdvantagesMarket advantageLatest newsPartnershipHaixin companyHong Kong SME Trade AllianceHong Kong ZhupiterContact us






 





DADI
		

Welcome to
		

www.usdadi.com
		














 


 








 





 
About DADI
US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. was founded in August 2010 in California, United States. The main business of the company is in bio-organic fertilizers produced from Haixin company Read More...










 


Latest News 














															
															In Nov 2014, US-Dadi and Satur...																													



																																01 November 2014															

In Nov 2014, US-Dadi and Saturnus Agri-tech Limited signed contact that commit to provide 25 tonnes bio-organic fertilizers as sample.



Read More...










															
															In Feb 2015, US-Dadi and Haixi...																													



																																01 February 2015															

In Feb 2015, US-Dadi and Haixin company signed agreement that Haixin will be the supplier that provide Rose tea resource, US-DADI proposes to purchase 150 tonnes rose tea in a...



Read More...










															
															In Apr 2015, US-Dadi Fertilize...																													



																																23 June 2015															

US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. Information Seminar Daly City, California, U.S.A April 16, 2015 -- US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. (OTC-QB:USDF) announces the report on information seminar held on April...



Read More...





















															
															Agenda for the Annual General...																													



																																23 June 2015															

 US-Dadi  Fertilizer  Industry  International, Inc.   Agenda for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 2015 of US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. To be held at the New Paris Hotel, Harbin, Heilongjiang,...



Read More...















«
»










 




 


Contacts 


For general information about the event/expo/conference, including registration, please contact us at:E-Mail :  info@usdadi.com









Homebirth of DADIAbout DADIStrongholdAdvantagePolicy AdvantageProduct AdvantagesMarket advantageLatest newsPartnershipHaixin companyHong Kong SME Trade AllianceHong Kong ZhupiterContact us



US-Dadi Fertilizer Ind International Inc. 10-K Apr. 19, 2017  6:10 AM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»US-Dadi Fertilizer Ind International Inc. (USDF)FORM 10-K | Annual ReportApr. 19, 2017  6:10 AM|About: US-Dadi Fertilizer Ind International Inc. (USDF)View as PDF

 US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC. (Form: 10-K, Received: 04/19/2017 06:11:57) 









	 












	 




	UNITED STATES






	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION





	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 



	FORM 10-K



	 



	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE

	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



	 


	For the fiscal year ended:

	December 31, 2016



	 


	Commission file number:

	001-35821



	 











	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.


	 






	(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 





	 








	California





	 





	45-2725352







	(State or Other Jurisdiction of


	Incorporation or Organization)





	 




	(I.R.S. Employer


	Identification No.)







	 



	2500 E. Colorado Blvd. #255





	Pasadena, CA 91107




	(Address of Principal Executive Offices)


	 


	Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:

	(650) 530-0699




	 



	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

	None



	 


	Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:


	 




	Common Stock, $0.001 par value



	(Title of class)


	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

	¨

	No 

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

	¨

	No 

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

	x

	No 

	¨



	 


	Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


	 







	Large Accelerated Filer





	¨





	Accelerated Filer





	¨







	Non-accelerated filer





	¨





	Smaller reporting company





	x






	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

	x

	No 

	¨



	 


	Revenue for the year ended Dec. 31, 2016 was $0.


	 


	The Company’s common stock, $.001 par value is traded on the OTCBB.


	 


	The number of shares outstanding of the issuer’s common stock, $.001 par value, as of March 31, 2017 was 98,365,000 shares.


	 




	DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE



	NONE.


	 














	 




	 




	 







	 




	 




	 


	 

	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Form 10-K Annual Report

	Table of Contents



	 





	PART I



	 


	 


	 





	Item 1.




	Business



	 



	3






	Item 1A.




	Risk Factors



	 



	6






	Item 1B.




	Unresolved Staff Comments



	 



	14






	Item 2.




	Properties



	 



	14






	Item 3.




	Legal Proceedings



	 



	14






	Item 4.




	Mine Safety Disclosures



	 



	14






	PART II



	 


	 


	 





	Item 5.




	Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



	 



	15






	Item 6.




	Selected Financial Data



	 



	15






	Item 7.




	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations



	 



	15






	Item 7A.




	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk



	 



	16






	Item 8.




	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data



	 



	16






	Item 9.




	Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure



	 



	17






	Item 9A(T).




	Controls And Procedures



	 



	17






	Item 9B.




	Other Information



	 



	17






	PART III



	 


	 


	 





	Item 10.




	Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance



	 



	18






	Item 11.




	Executive Compensation



	 



	21






	Item 12.




	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters



	 



	22






	Item 13.




	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence



	 



	23






	Item 14.




	Principal Accountant Fees and Services



	 



	23






	PART IV



	 


	 


	 





	Item 15.




	Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules



	 



	24







	 






	 




	2







	 




	 




	  


	FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT INFORMATION


	 



	Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are “forward-looking statements” regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the factors set forth herein under the headings “Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Risk Factors”. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. The terms “we”, “our”, “us”, or any derivative thereof, as used herein refer to US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.



	 


	 


	 


	 





	PART 1



	 








	ITEM 1.




	 




	BUSINESS.







	 




	The Company is a fertilizer-related products and equipment exporter. We will sell production equipment to buyers on an international basis. We have a twenty year contract with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd., and will work towards modernizing production technology to make sure that individuals and producers the world over may economically produce natural fertilizer. For example, the Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd., currently produces 5000 tons of natural fertilizer annually. In 2010 at the local county in which they reside, half of the 82 villages there used Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co. products, and the acreage utilizing the product totaled 8600 mu. Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd., currently forecasts that sales of fertilizer will grow to 100,000 tons annually, with a total investment profit of 60,000,000.



	 



	The Company entered a cooperation agreement to form a joint venture with an unrelated foreign company on October 31, 2010. The agreement “merely creates a trading relationship” with our potential joint venture partner and lays out the intent of the partners for the terms of a joint venture. The agreement confirms their mutual intent to identify and work for certain projects together in the next 20 years. There is no time limit for the start of the Joint Venture and the agreement merely creates a trading relationship at this time. If the parties enter into a formal Joint Venture in the future the registrants percentage will be 16.25% of the Joint Venture. The trading partner is a well established entity in the PRC operating and generating revenue for a number of years.



	 



	Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd., currently produces 5000 tons of natural fertilizer annually. In 2010, half of the 82 villages in the local county there used Haixin Brand Organic Fertilizer; the acreage utilizing the product totaled more than 5 million square meter according to Harbin Haizin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd.. Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd., currently forecasts that sales of fertilizer will grow to 100,000 tons annually, with a total investment profit of 60,000,000 RMB.



	 


	The other party to the cooperation intent joint venture agreement was formed in 2009 and has 35 employees according to information provided by the company. Green industries are very popular and growing especially in the Heilongjiang Province in China.


	 




	The Chinese party to the cooperation agreement is located in Heilongjiang Province China. The following are taken from “Overview of Green Food Industry in Heilongjiang China” provided by the Department of Commerce of Heilongjiang Province:


	 


	Heilongjiang, located in the northeast of China, is the Northernmost province and of the highest latitude in China, named after the largest river inside its territory.


	 






	 




	3







	 




	 




	  


	Heilongjiang Habitats the cold temperate zone continental monsoon climate with an average temperature altering from -4degrees to 5degrees C, long winters, high temperature, abundant rainfall and long sunshine period in summers, which is appropriate for the growth of crops. In addition, as Heilongjiang possesses one of the three world famous black soil zones, the organic content of the soil is higher than other parts of China, Black Soil, Chernozem and Meadow Soil occupying more than 70% of its arable land, as a result, Heilongjiang is an important commodity grain base and green food processing base in China, the home of food crops like soybean, rice, corn, wheat and potato; and of economic crops like sugar beet, flax and cured tomato. Being one of the key pasturing areas, Heilongjiang boasts 4.33-million-hectacre grasslands with high quality forage of high-value nutrition, proper for developing animal husbandry.


	 


	In the early 1990s, Heilong started to develop green food products. Until 2011, the areas certified by Green Food standard have reached 4,287,000 hectacres, one quarter of the total areas in China; national-level standardized material production base of green food has extended to 3,4000,000 hectacres, half of the total amount in China; the total output of green food in Heilong has achieved 29,500,000 metric tons, the total output value over 100 billion rmb yuan; there are 520 green food manufacturers that can produce eight types of food including green rice, dairy and mountain products, etc. Apart from that, there have been over 1200 green food sales outlets at home and more than 200 sales outlets at abroad, mostly in the US, Japan and Southeast Asia. By the end of 2012, the certificated area of place of origin of green food will have reached 4,467,000 hectacres, a predicted output of 31,500,000 metric tons.


	 


	In 2009, green (organic) food processing enterprises in the province developed to 500, sales income reached RMB 28.5 billion Yuan. 15 green food products were awarded as “Famous Brand in China”.


	 



	Under the contract with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd., if the Joint Venture moves forward, the Company will be a 16.25% partner in a Joint Venture for the production of organic biological fertilizer and organic rice. The duties of the Company under the contract are a $1,000,000 capital contribution, to assist the purchase in the United States of the facilities and equipment needed in the project and shipped to Chinese ports, to assist in all relevant matters such as the purchase of machinery and equipment, and materials outside China commissioned by the parties, to provide the needed equipment for installation, debugging and trial production, as well as technical personnel, production and testing technicians, to train the technical personnel and workers required by the project, to assist and handle the related formalities for Chinese workers, of the project to enter the United States, and to be responsible for handling other matters entrusted by the partners.



	 



	We will work hard to scour the United States and elsewhere for companies producing the very best in the industrial-scale agricultural equipment used in producing natural fertilizer. It may take us several months to build a network of business contacts to facilitate the commencement of purchase of equipment. Once adequate efficiencies are achieved in logistics and supply, we may begin an international marketing campaign, at first maximizing the personal contacts of our founders, to guarantee a suitable market for our products.



	 



	The company plans especially to target the lucrative China market. According to our research, 10% of the Chinese market would amount to 14,000,000 tons of natural fertilizer sales. Each ton of natural fertilizer sells for 500 to 1,200 RMB. In areas such as Heilongjiang Province in China, which is experiencing a boom in rice production (41,533,000 mu of land in 2010), natural fertilizer is in especially high demand. Production of that amount of fertilizer will call for a large amount of modern equipment, which we plan to be able to provide to such companies.



	 



	Developing an adequate knowledge-base in terms of the regulations governing import and export of such equipment, and the network of providers and manufacturers involved, will take some time. That is why we plan to spend a considerable amount of labor and effort in obtaining the requisite knowledge, and/or recruiting suitable personnel to do the job.




	 



	According to the October 8, 2012, report in Harbin Tonghe County television, after Dadi Fertilizer Technology International (USA) Ltd. and Harbin HaiXin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd. reached an agreement, through the use of organic fertilizer from the cooperation projects of US Dadi Company, it had achieved great success in helping Tonghe County water rice cooperatives to plant “Daohuaxiang #7.” The success caused a big stir in Tonghe County. According to the introduction of Chairman Liu Haitao of Dadi Fertilizer Technology International (USA) Ltd., the successful work of “seed transplant” owed thanks to the superb quality and performance of the company’s fertilizer products, therefore each co-op is required to use 800 tons of “Hai Lu Xin” organic fertilizer next year, the result is the cumulative increase sales will reach 10 million yuans or more.


	 


	November 20, 2012, Harbin City TV news channels reported: Dadi Fertilizer Technology International (USA) Limited's "HaiXin water rice farmer cooperatives" collected a harvest on the organic water rice, the total output of 2,000 hectares was up to 16,700 tons, yielding 9% more than other plots, thanks to an antagonistic bio-organic fertilizer developed by the latest technology of Chinese Academy of Science, and produced by US Dadi Company. The great harvest provided the most powerful protection to the supply of raw materials of "Ma Lang He" brand of organic rice. The great harvest also will greatly stimulate next year’s fertilizer sales and the rapid expansion of water rice production base.


	 






	 




	4







	 




	 




	   




	According to Harbin TV News Channels reports of two advanced cases on December 8, 2012 and December 9, 2012: Teng Yanhua, a farmer from Harbin Tonghe County Fulin Township Chalin Village, and Ba Zhanlong, another farmer from Tonghe County Xiangshun Town Xinglong Village, their 120 acres of paddy fields were applied “Hai Lu Xin” brand bio-organic fertilizer produced by US Dadi Fertilizer Company for three consecutive years, and their production had increased for three consecutive years. Two farmers have applied the fertilizer since 2010, the annual increase is more than 10%, and have significantly improved the quality of rice. It is more gratifying that the land with application of bio- fertilizer, the organic matter in the soil is increased by 0.4%, and the expansion of populations of beneficial microbes in the soil is increased, the agricultural production of the ecological cycle begins to take shape. To this end, the county propaganda department instructed Tonghe County television stations to broadcast the news in "Tonghe News" and "Country Voice Playback".


	 


	According to the reports of Heilongjiang satellite television and Heilongjiang provincial government website, on January 17 & 18, 2013, Heilongjiang Governor Wang Xiankui , Deputy Governor Lv Weifeng , Harbin Mayor Song XiBin and other leaders visited Tonghe County, and conducted research on agricultural farming structure along the Songhua River, production development planning and construction of industrial projects. In the modern agriculture demonstration area of Tonghe County Nong River Sun Valley, Governor Wang Xiankui and other leaders listened to Haixin water rice planting cooperatives affiliated of US Dadi Fertilizer Company, on the experience of extracting Songhua River water to increase rice production, Wang Xiankui governor was very pleased of the report, and suggested to make the full use of resources along Sonhua River, to convert the resource advantages into economic advantages, optimizing planting structure, carrying water to expand rice production, forming large farmers' cooperative association , to expand the cultivation of new agricultural subject "cold field black soil, green and organic agricultural products,” and to establish a plan in 2013 to bear the tasks to expand the five millions and four hundred thousand acres of water rice fields.


	 


	On April 3, 2013, Chinese government network and CCTV "News Network" reported: In order to implement the 2013 central document #1, the State Council determined that Heilongjiang Province would be the first to conduct the modern agriculture advance reform pilot program. The launch of this important policy will provide a golden opportunity of development for US Dadi Company, which is based in Heilongjiang to engage bio-organic fertilizer production and organic rice production. Therefore the company will accomplish a great deal.


	 


	In February 2013, Chairman Liu Haitao of US Dadi Fertilizer Company and Mr. Li Jingtao, Manager of Bayer Company of Germany signed a contract to act as a regional sales agent in Tonghe area for some of Bayer agricultural products. Bayer is the world's leading large enterprises, a world leader in agricultural product quality. The cooperation can provide worldwide superior agricultural products to local farmers, and services to the development of local farmers.


	 


	The cooperation project team of Dadi Fertilizer Technology International (USA) Limited successfully developed a wonder drug to effectively eradicate river barnyardgrass, and it solved the long-lasting unsolved problem in the rice fields. According to the introduction of Chairman Liu Haitao, the company, after three consecutive years of field application and technical improvement, is actively planning trademark registrations and product patents applications. The products not only ensure the organic rice farm production and stable income of "Haixin water rice farmer cooperatives,” which is the affiliated agency of US Dadi Company, it also increases the quality of “Ma Lang He” brand organic rice, a product of Dadi Company, at the same time it brings the benefits to the majority of rice farmers. Therefore, it is a good product which is beneficial to the company as well as to the others.


	 


	Liu Haitao, Chairman of US Dadi Fertilizer Company, and Liu Zhaorong, Chairman of Harbin Hai Xin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd. arrived in Hong Kong on August 6, 2013. Under the arrangement of Liu Cheng Qingxin, President of American Sino-US New Rural Development Advocacy Association, both chairmen engaged in a wide range of communication and negotiation with Hong Kong World SMEs Trade Association on the issues such as how to improve production standards ( European standards ) of organic fertilizer produced by US Dadi Fertilizer Company, fertilizer product sales, development and sales of green organic rice , Heilongjiang green non-genetically modified soybeans, crush-type technology to produce soybean oil (without adding any chemical substances ), and to enter the international markets. Hong Kong businessmen had made three suggestions toward US Dadi Fertilizer Company: First, hoping the produced fertilizer able to pass " European certification standards;” second, hoping to reduce the excessive heavy metals in fertilizers for the production of traditional Chinese medicine "Schisandra;” third, hoping to produce a lower nuclear leak contaminated soil fertilizer. After consulting with Mr. He Suicheng, who is from Shenyang Research Institute of Applie Ecology of Chinese Academy of Science, Liu Zhaorong of Harbin HaiXin Company gave satisfactory answers to Hong Kong businessmen: I. making fertilizer products as early as possible to meet EU standards in order to facilitate access for the products to international markets; II. with the Chinese Academy of Science's advanced technology, developing a product which can purifying, degrading, and reducing absorption of heavy metals by plants and nuclear elements of pollution. The talks achieved satisfactory results.


	 






	 




	5







	 




	 




	   




	August 7, 2013, Hong Kong World SMEs and Trade Union news: To work together to promote and carry out in Hong Kong to establish Heilongjiang high-quality agricultural organic fertilizer sales base, and to promote organic fertilizer products produced by US Dadi Fertilizer Company in order to enter the international market, by mutual agreement , both parties in Hong Kong signed a cooperation framework agreement. Following the spirit of honesty, long-term stability, gradual development, and the principle of mutual benefit, before the project was officially launched and implemented, both parties signed a specific trade cooperation contract.


	 


	On August 10, 2013 , Chairman Liu Zhaorong of Harbin HaiXin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd., and Chairman Liu Haitao of US Dadi Fertilizer Company, on their way back from Hong Kong, had made a special trip to Chinese Academy of Science Shenyang Institute of Applied Ecology, discussed research issues with the researcher He Suicheng, deputy director of the new fertilizer center, on the development of manufacturing organic fertilizer which can be decomposed, purifying heavy metals and some core elements of contaminated soil bio-organic fertilizer. Director He Suicheng pointed out that he can assist Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd. to develop and produce the kind of organic fertilizer with special features, and hope that through the Hong Kong World SMEs Trade Association, this special function of bio-organic fertilizer can be recommended to Japan Fukushima nuclear leakage area in order to apply experiments.


	 



	Employees




	 



	As of December 31, 2016, we had no employees, including management all work is done on a sub contract basis. We have no agreements with any of our management/subcontractors for any services. We consider our relations with our subcontractors to be good.


	The Company does not carry key person life insurance on any of its Directorial personnel. The loss of the services of any of its executive officers or other directors could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Company. The Company's future success also depends on its ability to retain and attract highly qualified technical and managerial personnel.


	 


	  


	There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to retain its key managerial and technical personnel or that it will be able to attract and retain additional highly qualified technical and managerial personnel in the future. The inability to attract and retain the technical and managerial personnel necessary to support the growth of the Company's business, due to, among other things, a large increase in the wages demanded by such personnel, could have a material adverse effect upon the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition.



	 





	ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS.



	 



	Risks Relating to Our Business



	 




	Foreign Officers and Directors could result in difficulty enforcing rights.




	 



	The officers and directors of the Company are located in China and as such investors may have difficulty in enforcing their legal rights under the United States securities laws.



	 





	The prolonged downturn in the global economy could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.





	 



	The global market and economic conditions during the years 2008 through 2016 are unprecedented and challenging, with recessions occurring in most major economies. Continued concerns about the systemic impact of potential long-term and wide-spread recession, energy costs, geopolitical issues, and the availability and cost of credit have contributed to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for economic growth around the world. The difficult economic outlook has negatively affected businesses and consumer confidence and contributed to volatility of unprecedented levels.



	 



	The PRC economy faces challenges. The PRC government has implemented various measures to curb inflation. If economic growth continues to slow or the economic downturn continues, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.



	 






	 




	6







	 




	 




	   






	We may not maintain sufficient insurance coverage for the risks associated with our business operations.




	 


	Risks associated with our business and operations include, but are not limited to, claims for wrongful acts committed by our officers, directors, employees and other representatives, the loss of intellectual property rights, the loss of key personnel and risks posed by natural disasters. Any of these risks may result in significant losses. We do not carry business interruption insurance. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance coverage is sufficient to cover any losses that we may sustain, or that we will be able to successfully claim our losses under our insurance policies on a timely basis or at all. If we incur any loss not covered by our insurance policies, or the compensated amount is significantly less than our actual loss or is not timely paid, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


	 





	We will not own 100% of the equity interests in the potential Joint Venture, which may not be as stable and effective in providing operational control as 100% ownership, and potential exists for conflict of interests.





	 



	We operate our business through our future joint venture arrangement with


	Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd.


	The Company entered a cooperation agreement to form a joint venture with an unrelated foreign company on October 31, 2010. The agreement confirms their mutual intent to identify and work for certain projects together in the next 20 years.The agreement “merely creates a trading relationship” with our potential joint venture partner and lays out the intent of the partners for the terms of a joint venture.

	If there are disagreements between

	Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd.

	and us regarding the business and operations of the Joint Venture, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to resolve those disagreements in a manner that will be in our best interests. In addition,

	Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd.

	may (i) have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours; (ii) take actions contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or objectives; (iii) be unable or unwilling to fulfill its obligations; (iv) have financial difficulties; or (v) have disputes with us as to the scope of its responsibilities and obligations. Any of these and other factors may materially and adversely affect the performance of the Joint Venture, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.




	 




	Any failure by the future Joint Venture to perform its obligations pursuant to applicable third party contractual arrangements would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.




	 


	If the Joint Venture fails to perform its obligations pursuant to applicable third party contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs in connection with any dispute resolution regarding enforcement of those arrangements and rely on legal remedies available pursuant to applicable PRC laws. All of these contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law. The Company entered a cooperation agreement to form a joint venture with an unrelated foreign company on October 31, 2010. The agreement confirms their mutual intent to identify and work for certain projects together in the next 20 years.The agreement “merely creates a trading relationship” with our potential joint venture partner and lays out the intent of the partners for the terms of a joint venture. The legal environment in China is not as developed as in some other jurisdictions, such as the United States.


	 


	If the applicable PRC authorities invalidate these contractual arrangements for violation of PRC laws and regulations by the Joint Venture, the Joint Venture terminates the contractual arrangements, or the Joint Venture fails to perform its obligations pursuant to those contractual arrangements, the Joint Venture’s business operations would be materially disrupted and our revenue could decrease substantially.


	 


	In addition, if all or part of the Joint Venture’s assets become subject to liens or rights of third party creditors, the Joint Venture may be unable to continue some or all of its business, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If the Joint Venture becomes subject to a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, its unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of its assets, which could materially harm our business and our ability to generate revenue and cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly.


	 




	We do not have a set date for the starting of the Joint Venture making the date of the start of operations uncertain.




	 


	We do not have a set date for the starting of the Joint Venture making the date of the start of operations uncertain and thus the Company may never have any revenues.


	 




	Unmerited legal actions or threats by our employees, consultants or other associates in an attempt to extract payments or benefits from us could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.




	 


	In recent years, as the number of foreign companies doing business in China has increased, there has been an increasing number of unmerited legal actions and threats by current and former employees, consultants or other associates of these companies, in an attempt to extract payments or benefits from them. We may face increasing risks of similar legal actions and threats. Although we expect to vigorously defend ourselves against any such actions if we believe they are frivolous, we cannot provide any assurance that we will prevail in those actions, or will not be subject to any material liability as a result of those actions. Furthermore, regardless of success in our legal defenses, those actions and the threats of those actions would probably be time-consuming and expensive to resolve and would divert our management’s time and attention. Our reputation and profitability may also be harmed as a result.


	 






	 




	7







	 




	 




	   






	We depend upon the Joint Venture’s acquisition and maintenance of licenses to conduct its business in the PRC.




	 


	In order to conduct its business, the Joint Venture will be required to obtain and maintain various licenses from the appropriate Chinese government authorities, including general business licenses and permits specific to its operations. We can provide no assurance that the Joint Venture will be successful in obtaining all of the appropriate licenses and permits to conduct its business. Nor can we provide any assurance that if those licenses or permits are acquired, those licenses and permits will be renewed.


	 


	The PRC government may amend relevant laws and discontinue approval of renewal of certain licenses or permits. Further, fees for such licenses or permits may increase in the future. The Joint Venture’s failure to obtain or maintain those licenses or permits and any change of the relevant PRC laws regarding the appropriate licenses or permits to the Joint Venture’s disadvantage will have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Also, if increasing compliance costs associated with governmental standards and regulations restrict or prohibit any part of the Joint Venture’s operations, it may adversely affect our profitability.


	 




	Material weaknesses in our internal controls and financial reporting, and our lack of a chief financial officer with sufficient U.S. GAAP experience may limit our ability to prevent or detect financial misstatements or omissions. As a result, our financial reports may not be in compliance with U.S. GAAP. Any material weakness, misstatement or omission in our financial statements will negatively affect the market and the price of our stock, which could result in significant loss to our investors.




	 


	None of the members of our current management has experience managing and operating a public company, and they rely in many instances on the professional experience and advice of third parties. While we are obligated to hire a qualified chief financial officer to enable us to satisfy our reporting obligations as a U.S. public company, we do not have a chief financial officer with any significant U.S. GAAP experience presently.


	Although we are actively seeking such a chief financial officer, qualified individuals are often difficult to find, or the individual may not have all of the qualifications that we require.


	 


	Therefore, we may, in turn, experience “weakness” and potential problems in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as required under Section 404 of the “Sarbanes-Oxley” Act of 2002. This “weakness” also includes a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such requirements are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly.


	 


	Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to include in our annual reports our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal years. We have not yet completed any assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We expect to incur additional expenses and diversion of management’s time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation, testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification.


	 




	We conduct our business by means of a joint venture arrangement. If the Chinese government determines that this arrangement does not comply with applicable regulations, our business could be adversely affected. If the PRC regulatory agencies determine that the agreements that establish the structure and relationship for operating our business in China do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment, we could be subject to severe penalties. In addition, changes in such Chinese laws and regulations may materially and adversely affect our business.




	 


	There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws, rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws, rules and regulations governing the validity and enforcement of the joint venture arrangement between Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd. and us. Although we believe, based on our understanding of the current PRC laws, rules and regulations, the structure for operating our business in China (including the joint venture arrangement with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd.) complies with all applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations and does not violate, breach, contravene or otherwise conflict with any applicable PRC laws, rules or regulations, we cannot assure you that the PRC regulatory authorities will not determine that such joint venture arrangement does not violate PRC laws, rules or regulations. If the PRC regulatory authorities determine that our joint venture arrangement with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd. is in violation of applicable PRC laws, rules or regulations, such joint venture arrangement may become invalid or unenforceable, which will substantially affect our operations adversely.


	 






	 




	8







	 




	 




	   




	The Chinese government has broad discretion in dealing with violations of laws and regulations, including levying fines, revoking business and other licenses and requiring actions necessary for compliance. In particular, licenses and permits issued or granted by relevant governmental agencies may be revoked at a later time by other regulatory agencies. We cannot predict the effect of the interpretation of existing or new Chinese laws or regulations on our business. Any of these or similar actions could significantly disrupt our operations or restrict us from conducting a substantial portion of our operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	 




	Non-compliance with the social insurance and housing fund contribution regulations in the PRC could lead to imposition of penalties or other liabilities.




	 


	The PRC governmental authorities have passed a variety of laws and regulations regarding social insurance and housing funds, such as the Regulation of Insurance for Labor Injury, the Regulation of Insurance for Unemployment, the Provisional Insurance Measures for Maternity of Employees, Interim Provisions on Registration of Social Insurance, Interim Regulation on the Collection and Payment of Social Insurance Premiums, Regulations on Management of Housing Fund and other related laws and regulations. Pursuant to these regulations, we will be required to obtain and renew the social insurance registration certificate and the housing fund certificate and make enough contributions to the relevant local social insurance and housing fund authorities for our PRC employees. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations would subject us to various fines and legal sanctions and supplemental contributions to the local social insurance and housing fund authorities. The Companies funding requirements will be funded through equity, debt or related party loans.




	 






	We must comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.




	 


	We are required to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in the PRC. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from personnel of some companies, giving those competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. We could suffer severe penalties if our employees or other agents were determined to have engaged in such practices.


	 




	If we are unable to retain key personnel, it will have an adverse effect on our business. We do not maintain “key man” life insurance policies on our key personnel.




	 


	The conduct of our business is dependent on retaining the services of qualified personnel. The loss of key management, the inability to secure or retain such key personnel with unique knowledge of our business or our inability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of other qualified personnel would adversely affect our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.


	 


	We do not have “key man” life insurance policies for any of our key personnel. If we were to obtain “key man” insurance for our key personnel, of which there can be no assurance, the amounts of such policies may not be sufficient to pay losses experienced by us as a result of the loss of any of those personnel.


	 



	Risks Related to Doing Business in China



	 




	The PRC Labor Contract Law and its implementing rules may adversely affect our business and results of operations.




	 


	On June 29, 2007, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China enacted the Labor Contract Law, which became effective on January 1, 2008. On September 18, 2008, the State Council adopted the implementing rules for the Labor Contract Law, which became effective upon adoption. This labor law and its implementing rules have reinforced the protection for employees, who, under the existing PRC Labor Law, already have certain rights, such as the right to have written labor contracts, the right to enter into labor contracts with no fixed terms under specific circumstances, the right to receive overtime wages when working overtime, and the right to terminate or alter terms in the labor contracts. In addition, the Labor Contract Law and its implementing rules have made some amendments to the existing PRC Labor Law and added some clauses that could increase cost of labor to employers. For example, under the Labor Contract Law, employers are required to base their decisions to dismiss employees on seniority, as opposed to merit, under certain circumstances. As the Labor Contract Law and its implementing rules are relatively new, there remains significant uncertainty as to their interpretation and application by the PRC government authorities. At this time there are no operations of the registrant in the PRC but in the future employees such as a sales force or marketing may be employed in the PRC and such labor laws would increase our labor cost and thus lower the registrants profitability. In the event that we decide to significantly reduce our workforce, the Labor Contract Law and its implementing rules could adversely affect our ability to effect these changes cost-effectively or in the manner we desire, which could lead to a negative impact on our business and results of operations.


	 






	 




	9







	 




	 




	   






	Due to the nature of our business, we will be subject to certain environmental regulation in the PRC.




	Our operations are subject to environmental and safety regulation in the PRC. Such regulation covers a wide variety of matters, including, without limitation, prevention of waste, pollution and protection of the environment, labor regulations and worker safety. In particular, the acceptable level of pollution and the potential clean-up costs and obligations and liability for toxic or hazardous substances for which we may become liable as a result of our activities may be impossible to assess against the current legal framework and current enforcement practices of the PRC. In addition, environmental legislation and permit regimes are likely to evolve in a manner which will require stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects and heightened degree of responsibility for companies and their directors and employees.


	 




	Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could adversely affect our business.




	 


	A significant portion of our business operations is conducted in the PRC. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal developments in China. China’s economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the past 30 years or so, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various economic sectors of China. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation of resources. While some of these measures benefit the overall PRC economy, they may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us.


	 


	Although the PRC government has implemented measures since the late 1970s emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, the PRC government still owns a substantial portion of productive assets in China. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant control over China’s economic growth through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy, and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Actions and policies of the PRC government could materially affect our ability to operate our business, which could adversely affect our business.


	 




	We face risks related to health epidemics, severe weather conditions and other catastrophes, which could materially and adversely affect our business.




	 


	Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of avian flu, severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, another health epidemic, severe weather conditions or other catastrophes. In April 2009, Influenza A (H1N1), a new strain of flu virus commonly referred to as “swine flu,” was first discovered in North America and quickly spread to other parts of the world, including China. In January and February 2008, a series of severe winter storms inflicted extensive damages and significantly disrupted people’s lives in large portions of southern and central China. In May 2008, an earthquake measuring 8.0 on the Richter scale hit Sichuan Province in southwestern China, causing huge casualties and property damages. Because the vast majority of our business operations is conducted in China and rely heavily on the efforts of persons residing in China, any prolonged recurrence of avian flu or SARS, or the occurrence of other adverse public health developments such as influenza A (H1N1), severe weather conditions, such as the massive snow storms in January and February 2008, and other catastrophes, such as the Sichuan earthquake, may significantly disrupt our operations, thus causing a material and adverse effect on our business.


	 




	Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us.




	 


	We conduct our business primarily through our joint venture relationship with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd. in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Accordingly, we are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may be used for reference, but have limited precedential value.


	 


	Although since 1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published decisions and their nonbinding nature, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties that could limit the reliability of the legal protections available to us. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.


	 






	 




	10







	 




	 




	  


	We cannot predict the effects of future developments in the PRC legal system. We may be required in the future to procure additional permits, authorizations and approvals for operations, which may not be obtainable in a timely fashion or at all. An inability to obtain such permits or authorizations may have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	 




	Any deterioration of political relations among the United States and the PRC could impair our operations.




	 


	The relationship between the United States and the PRC is subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. Changes in political conditions in the PRC and changes in the state of Sino-U.S. relations are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations. Such a change could lead to a decline in our profitability. Any weakening of relations among the United States and the PRC could have a material adverse effect on our operations.


	 




	Fluctuation in the value of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on your investment.




	 


	The value of the RMB against the U.S. Dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. On July 21, 2005, the PRC government changed its decade-old policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. Dollar. Under the new policy, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. This change in policy has resulted in significant appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. Dollar since that change. However, under the current global financial and economic conditions, it is impossible to predict with any certainty how the RMB will move vis-à-vis the U.S. Dollar in the future.


	 


	We will rely entirely on distribution of funds paid to us as our share of the profits of the Joint Venture, which has its operations in China. Any significant appreciation or depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. Dollar may affect our cash flows, revenues, earnings and financial position. For example, an appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. Dollar would make any new RMB-denominated investments or expenditures more costly to us, to the extent that we are required to convert U.S. Dollars into the RMB for such purposes. Conversely, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. Dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. Dollar equivalent of our reported earnings and adversely affect the price of our common stock.


	 




	Compensation for our future employees may make us potentially less profitable.




	In recent years, compensation in various industries in China has increased and may continue to increase in the future. In order to attract and retain skilled personnel, we may need to increase the compensation of our employees. Compensation may, also, increase as inflationary pressure increases in China. In addition, under the Regulations on Paid Annual Leave for Employees, which became effective on January 1, 2008, employees who have served more than one year for a specific employer are entitled to a paid vacation ranging from 5 to 15 days, depending on length of service. Employees who waive such vacation time at the request of employers must be compensated for three times their normal salaries for each waived vacation day. This mandated paid-vacation regulation, coupled with the trend of increasing compensation, may result in increase in our employee-related costs and expenses and decrease in our profit margins.


	 




	PRC regulation of direct investments in PRC entities by offshore companies may delay or prevent us from contributing our funds to the Joint Venture.




	Any funds we contribute to the Joint Venture may be subject to approval by or registration with relevant governmental authorities in China. According to the relevant PRC regulations regarding foreign-invested enterprises in China, capital contributions to the Joint Venture may be subject to the approval of the PRC Ministry of Commerce or its local branches. Such authorities are required to conclude the approval process regarding capital contribution within 30 days. There is no statutory requirement in the PRC to complete such registration process within certain time period. The PRC government does not charge any fee for any of the foregoing approvals and registrations process.


	 


	In addition, on August 29, 2008, SAFE promulgated Circular 142, a notice regulating the conversion by a foreign-invested company of foreign currency into RMB by restricting how the converted RMB may be used. Circular 142 requires that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated capital of a foreign-invested company may only be used for purposes within the business scope approved by the applicable governmental authority and may not be used for equity investments within the PRC, unless specifically provided for otherwise in its business scope. In addition, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”) strengthened its oversight over the flow and use of RMB funds converted from the foreign currency-denominated capital of a foreign-invested company. The use of such RMB fund may not be changed without approval from SAFE or its local counterparts. Violations of Circular 142 may result in severe penalties, including substantial fines as set forth in the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations.


	 






	 




	11







	 




	 




	   





	We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to obtain the required government registrations or approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to contributions made by us to the Joint Venture. If we fail to receive such registrations or approvals, our ability to contribute to the capital of the Joint Venture would be negatively affected, which would adversely and materially affect our business.


	As the registrant does not yet have funds to start the Joint Venture and only have established a trading relationship at this time, no application has been prepared or submitted to the PRC Ministry of Commerce for approval of the Joint Venture contribution.



	 




	We may be classified as a “resident enterprise” for PRC enterprise income tax purposes; such classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.




	 



	Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the New EIT Law, and its implementing rules, both effective from January 1, 2008, an enterprise established outside of China with “de facto management bodies” within China is considered a resident enterprise and will be subject to enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on its worldwide income. The implementing rules define the term “de facto management bodies” as establishments that carry out substantial and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations, personnel, accounting, properties, etc. of an enterprise. The State Administration of Taxation issued the

	Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies

	, or Circular 82, on April 22, 2009. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the “de facto management body” of a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise is located in China, which include all of the following conditions (1) the location where senior management members responsible for an enterprise’s daily operations discharge their duties; (2) the location where financial and human resource decisions are made or approved by organizations or persons; (3) the location where the major assets and corporate documents are kept; and (4) the location where more than half of all directors with voting rights or senior management have their habitual residence.


	However, the EIT Law and its implementing rules are relatively new and ambiguous in terms of certain definitions, requirements and detailed procedures, and currently no official interpretation or application of the “resident enterprise” definition is available. Therefore, it is unclear how PRC tax authorities will determine the tax residency of each company based on the facts and circumstances of the specific company. If we are treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes, we will be subject to PRC tax on our worldwide income at the 25% uniform tax rate, which could have an impact on our effective tax rate and an adverse effect on our net income and results of operations, although dividends distributed from our PRC subsidiaries to us could be exempt from PRC dividend withholding tax, since such income is exempted under the new EIT Law to a PRC resident recipient.



	 


	Although Circular 82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreign individuals, the determining criteria set forth in Circular 82 may indicate the State Administration of Taxation’s general position on how the “de facto management body” test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled by the PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups or individuals or by foreign individuals. If we were considered as a PRC “resident enterprise,” we would be subject to a PRC enterprise income tax on our worldwide income at a tax rate of 25%.


	 


	In addition, under the New EIT Law and its implementation regulations issued by the State Council, a 10% PRC withholding tax is applicable, unless otherwise reduced or exempted by relevant tax treaties, to dividends paid by a PRC resident enterprise to investors that are “non-resident enterprises,” which do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or which have such establishment or place of business, but the dividends are not effectively connected with such establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. Similarly, if we are considered a “PRC resident enterprise”, any gain realized on the transfer of our common stock by investors is, also, subject to PRC tax, at a rate of 10% unless otherwise reduced or exempted by relevant tax treaties, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. If we were considered a PRC resident enterprise, it is unclear whether dividends paid on our common stock, or any gain realized from the transfer of our common stock, would be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and would as a result be subject to PRC taxation. It is also unclear whether, if we are considered a PRC resident enterprise, holders of our common stock would be able to claim the benefit of income tax treaties or agreements entered into among China and other countries or areas. If dividends payable to our non-PRC investors, or gains from the transfer of our common stock by such investors are subject to PRC tax, the value of your investment in our common stock may be materially and adversely affected.


	 






	 




	12







	 




	 




	   






	There are differences between PRC and U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.




	Our profits will be derived from the business of the Joint Venture, which is established in the PRC. The profits available for distribution for companies established in the PRC are determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards, which may differ from the amounts determined under U.S. GAAP. In the event that the amount of the profits determined under the PRC accounting standard in a given year is less than that determined under the U.S. GAAP, our results of operations may be affected adversely.


	 




	Future inflation in China may inhibit economic activity and adversely affect our operations.




	The Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion in recent years, which has resulted in high rates of inflation and deflation. This has caused the PRC government to, from time to time, enact various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. Significant inflation may, in the future, cause the PRC government to once again impose controls on credit and/or prices, or to take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in China. Any action on the part of the PRC government that seeks to control credit and/or prices may adversely affect our business.


	 




	We may be restricted from freely converting the Renminbi (“RMB”) to other currencies in a timely manner.




	At the present time, the RMB is not a freely convertible currency. We will receive the vast majority of our revenue in RMB, which may need to be converted to other currencies, primarily U.S. dollars, in order to be remitted outside of the PRC. Effective July 1, 1996, foreign currency “current account” transactions by foreign investment enterprises are no longer subject to the approval of State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”), but need only a ministerial review, according to the Administration of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Provisions promulgated in 1996 (the “FX regulations”). “Current account” items include international commercial transactions, which occur on a regular basis, such as those relating to trade and provision of services. Distributions to Participants also are considered “current account transactions.” Other non-current account items, known as “capital account” items, remain subject to SAFE approval. Under current regulations, we can obtain foreign currency in exchange for RMB from swap centers authorized by the government. No assurance can be given that foreign currency shortages or changes in currency exchange laws and regulations by the PRC government will not restrict us from freely converting RMB in a timely manner.


	 


	Approval from appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses. The PRC government may, also, at its discretion, restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. Under our joint venture structure, the primary source of our income will be payments from the Joint Venture, which is subject to China law. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of the Joint Venture to remit sufficient foreign currency to make payments to us, or otherwise satisfy foreign currency denominated obligations. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency needs, our operations will be adversely affected.


	 




	If we make equity compensation grants to persons who are PRC citizens, they may be required to register with SAFE. We may also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt equity compensation plans for our directors and employees under PRC laws.




	 


	In 2005, the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”) promulgated regulations which require registrations with, and approval from, SAFE on direct or indirect offshore investment activities by PRC legal person resident and/or natural person resident. On April 6, 2007, SAFE issued the “Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company”, also known as “Circular 78”. It is not clear whether Circular 78 covers all forms of equity compensation plans or only those which provide for the granting of stock options. For any plans which are so covered and are adopted by a non-PRC listed company, such as us, after April 6, 2007, Circular 78 requires all participants who are PRC citizens to register with, and obtain approvals from, SAFE prior to their participation in any such plan.


	 


	If we adopt an employee stock option plan or any other equity incentive plan and make stock option grants under any such plan to our officers, directors and employees, some of whom are PRC citizens, they may be required to register with SAFE. If it is determined that any of our equity compensation plans are subject to Circular 78, failure to comply with such provisions may subject us and participants of our equity compensation plans who are PRC citizens to fines and legal sanctions and prevent us from being able to grant equity compensation to our PRC employees. In that case, our ability to compensate our employees and directors through equity compensation would be hindered and our business operations may be adversely affected. We believe that the registration and approval requirements contemplated in Circular 78 will be burdensome and time consuming.


	 






	 




	13







	 




	 




	   






	SAFE regulations relating to offshore investment activities by PRC residents may increase our administrative burdens. If our shareholders who are PRC residents fail to make any required applications, registrations and filings under such regulations, we may be unable to distribute profits and may become subject to liability under PRC laws.




	 


	SAFE has promulgated several regulations, including Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for PRC Residents to Engage in Financing and Inbound Investment via Oversea Special Purpose Vehicles, or “Circular No. 75”, issued on October 21, 2005 and effective as of November 1, 2005 and certain implementation rules issued in recent years, requiring registrations with, and approvals from, PRC government authorities in connection with direct or indirect offshore investment activities by PRC residents and PRC corporate entities. These regulations apply to our shareholders and beneficial owners who are PRC residents.


	 


	Although we have requested our PRC shareholders to complete the SAFE Circular No. 75 registration, there is no assurance that all of our PRC shareholders will be able to comply with the requirements imposed by Circular 75. The failure or inability of our PRC shareholders to receive any required approvals or make any required registrations may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, limit our ability to make distributions or pay dividends, or affect our ownership structure, as a result of which our operations and our ability to distribute profits to you could be materially and adversely affected.


	 




	Contractual arrangements entered into may be subject to audits or challenges by the PRC tax authorities, and a finding that we may owe taxes could materially and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.




	Under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, arrangements and transactions among related parties may be subject to audits or challenges by the PRC tax authorities. We cannot assure you that each of our transactions with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd. will be regarded by the PRC tax authorities as arm’s-length transactions. The relevant tax authorities may determine that our contractual relationships with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd. were not entered into on an arm’s-length basis. If the PRC tax authorities determine that any of those transactions are not on an arm’s length basis, or result in an impermissible reduction in taxes under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, the PRC tax authorities may adjust our income, expenses, profits and losses, which could in turn increase our tax liabilities. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may impose late payment fees and other penalties for underpaid taxes. Our net income may be adversely and materially affected if our tax liabilities increase or if it is found to be subject to late payment fees or other penalties.



	 


	  








	ITEM 1B.




	 




	UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.






	 


	None.



	 








	ITEM 2.




	 




	PROPERTIES






	 


	The Company leases space at 2500 E. Colorado Blvd. #255, Pasadena, CA 91107. We believe that this space is adequate for our needs at this time, and we believe that we will be able to locate additional space in the future, if needed, on commercially reasonable terms.



	 








	ITEM 3 .




	 




	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS






	  


	None.



	 








	ITEM 4.




	 




	MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.






	 


	Not applicable


	 






	 




	14







	 




	 






	   






	PART II



	 








	ITEM 5.




	 




	MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.







	 





	(a) Market Information


	. Our Common Stock is traded on the OTCBB. No assurance can be given that any active market for our Common Stock will ever develop.


	 




	(b) Holders


	. As of March 31, 2017, there were 194 record holders of all of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.


	 



	(c) Dividend Policy



	 


	We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial condition and such other factors as the Board of Directors may consider.



	 


	  








	ITEM 6.




	 




	SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.






	 


	As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), we are not required to provide the information required by this item.



	 








	ITEM 7.




	 




	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.






	 


	Certain statements in this report and elsewhere (such as in other filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), press releases, presentations by the Company of its management and oral statements) may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," and "should," and variations of these words and similar expressions, are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Actual results may materially differ from any forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, among others, competitive pressures and constantly changing technology and market acceptance of the Company's products and services. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements, which may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.


	   





	Results of Operations



	 




	Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016




	 



	Revenue



	 


	Revenue was $0 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016 respectively. 


	 


	 



	Operating Expenses



	 


	Operating expenses were $469,112 and $30,173 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively.


	.



	Net Loss



	 


	Our net losses for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were $30,173 and $469,112, respectively.


	 






	 




	15







	 




	 





	   






	Liquidity and Capital Resources




	 




	Years ended December 31, 2015 as compared to December 31, 2016




	 



	During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 20164, the Company recognized negative cash flows from operating activities of ($38,458) and ($14,333), respectively. As of December 31, 2015, the Company held cash and cash equivalents of $0 compared to cash of $0 as of December 31, 2016.


	 


	 


	Cash flows provided from finance activities included proceeds from related party loan of $14,333 for year ended December 31, 2016 and $38,458 for the year ended December 31, 2015.


	 


	Management has been successful in raising sufficient funds to cover the Company’s immediate expenses including general and administrative.


	 


	The Company as a whole may continue to operate at a loss for an indeterminate period thereafter, depending upon the performance of its new businesses. In the process of carrying out its business plan, the Company will continue to identify new financial partners and investors. However, it may determine that it cannot raise sufficient capital to support its business on acceptable terms, or at all. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any additional funds will be available on terms acceptable to the Company or at all.


	 



	Commitments



	 


	We do not have any commitments, which are required to be disclosed in tabular form as of December 31, 2016.


	 



	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements



	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements such as guarantees, retained or contingent interest in assets transferred, obligation under a derivative instrument and obligation arising out of or a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity.


	 



	Critical Accounting Policies




	 



	In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on our operating income and net income as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The application of our critical accounting policies requires an evaluation of a number of complex criteria and significant accounting judgments by us. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the Board of Directors. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.




	 


	 








	ITEM 7A.




	 




	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.






	 


	As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this item.



	 








	ITEM 8.




	 




	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.






	 


	See the index to the Financial Statements below, beginning on page F-1.


	 






	 




	16







	 




	 





	   










	ITEM 9.




	 




	CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.






	 


	None.



	 








	ITEM 9A.




	 




	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES







	 




	Disclosure Controls and Procedures



	 


	An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) in effect as of December 31, 2016 was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer who also performs the functions of the principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer (acting in that capacity and also as the Company’s principal financial officer) concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016 (the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K).


	 



	Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting



	 


	Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. It should be noted, however, that because of inherent limitations, any system of internal controls, however well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that financial reporting objectives will be met. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


	 


	An internal control material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by employees in the normal course of their work. Our Chief Executive Officer, also performing the functions of the principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on the framework in

	Internal Control—Integrated Framework

	issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Based on that evaluation under the COSO criteria, our management concluded that the Company did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016.


	 



	No Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm



	 


	This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm regarding the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation by the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for smaller reporting companies under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The Dodd-Frank Act provides an exemption from the independent auditor attestation requirement under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for small issuers that are neither a large accelerated filer nor an accelerated filer. The Company qualifies for this exemption.


	 


	  



	Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting



	 


	There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation referred to above during the last quarter of fiscal 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.



	 








	ITEM 9B.




	 




	OTHER INFORMATION






	 


	None.


	 






	 




	17







	 




	 





	 





	PART III



	 








	ITEM 10.




	 




	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.






	 


	The following table sets forth information concerning our officers and directors as of December 31, 2014 together with all positions and offices of the Company held by each and the term of office and the period during which each has served:


	 






	Executive Officers




	 




	 


	 


	 






	Name




	 




	Position






	 


	 


	 





	Benedict Ling Yam, LAM



	 



	CEO, PRESIDENT, DIR.






	Miss Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip



	 



	CFO, CAO, TREAS. DIR.






	Anthony Chai Fung, Fan



	 



	SECRETARY, DIR.






	 



	Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons



	 


	 




	Benedict Ling Yam, LAM--



	CEO, PRESIDENT, DIR.




	 




	Summary



	 


	Benedict is a seasoned and certified project management professional (PMP) who has more than 25 years of working experience in the IT industry and consulting business.


	 


	Benedict comes from a technical background and has developed business domain knowledge in various industries and demonstrated strong management skills at senior level.


	 


	Benedict is experienced in delivering advanced technological solution deploying best of the breed technologies for mission-critical systems. The projects that he managed are of highly degree in complexity, advanced and innovative, multi-million dollars in budget, tight in schedule and highly demanded by business.


	 


	Benedict has provided consultancy services to multi-national corporations, listed companies and renowned enterprises, in various industries, namely, finance, insurance and wealth management, telecommunications, manufacturing, logistics and supply chain, air cargo and ecommerce business.


	 


	Benedict has gained management and investing experience in the recent years and holds executive position in investment firm.


	 



	Working Experiences (Highlights)



	 


	Benedict is an experienced project management professional with excellent engagement and management skills to deliver innovative systems solutions to his clients.


	 


	Benedict has held various senior positions in HACTL, AXA, iASPEC and other consultancy firms. He has provided consultancy services to Cathay Pacific, ZTE Corporation, PCCW, Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, SUNeVision, Hong Kong Productivity Council, LKM corporation, and involved in the bidding process for various government project proposals.


	 






	 




	18







	 




	 




	   




	At Cathay Pacific, Benedict has involved in CX’s cargo terminal project to provide consultancy services which covered business validation from design to build and to implement, risk assessment and business advice in development its operations, automation and IT systems as well as its business continuity planning.


	 


	At ZTE Corporation, Benedict has involved in ZTE’s business reengineering project to provide consultancy services of ZTE headquarter in Shenzhen Science and Technology Park focusing on reengineering its logistics business and modernizing its operations. At the same time, Benedict has also provided recommendations to ZTE in the planning and development phase of its new R&D park in Heyuan.


	 


	At AXA China Region, a subsidiary of AXA (top 9

	th

	of the Global 500), Benedict has developed a brand new ecommerce platform and product solutions in traditional lines of business. He has supported the regional units in Asia as well as managed the outsourced service providers.


	 


	At Pacific Century CyberWorks, Benedict has involved in PCCW’s total design of its next generation blueprint. He provided design recommendations to PCCW in its enterprise architecture design and planning in order to meet its opportunities and challenges in the 4G arena.


	 


	At the Hong Kong Air Cargo Terminals Limited (the world’s largest single air cargo terminal facility), Benedict served as the project manager to build HACTL’s most complex and mission critical systems which manage and automate the air cargo handling business operations in its terminal at the Hong Kong International Airport. He also managed complex and critical projects such as testing and commissioning for the IT systems and facilities in HACTL’s new terminal and site relocation logistics for the new airport at Chek Lap Kok and the development of the Y2K compliance programme as well as the business contingency and continuity plan.


	 


	Benedict has substantial experience in quality management systems. Benedict led HACTL to obtain its ever first ISO9000 certification for its data centre. Benedict also led iASPEC to adopt the HKSQA model developed by HKPC. Benedict also led AXA HK to attain CMM Level 3 accreditation which was the pioneer in the group.


	 



	Qualifications



	 


	Benedict graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic in 1988 in Computing Studies and completed study in Victoria University (Australia) obtaining the Bachelor degree in Computer Sciences in 1995.


	 


	Benedict is a certified Project Management Professional (PMP). Benedict practiced PMBOK, SSADM, PRINCE, SEI-CMM/CMMI, HKSQA, ISO9000, AXAWAY and BCCP in the projects he has managed and involved.


	 



	Professional contributions



	 


	Benedict holds a number of positions in the I.T. professional organizations. He currently serves the community in the following capacities:


	 


	Member of the Hong Kong Computer Society (HKCS)


	 


	Member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (MIEEE)


	 


	Chairperson of the Project Management Specialist Group (PMSG) of the HKCS


	 


	Executive member of the Hong Kong Software Process Improvement Network (HKSPIN)


	 


	Executive member of the Quality Management division of the HKCS


	 


	Executive member of the Cloud Computing Special Interest Group (CCSIG) of HKCS


	 






	 




	19







	 




	 




	   




	Benedict has been actively involved in the HKCS, universities, government and in the industry.


	 


	Conference organizer for the Hong Kong Computer Society (HKCS)


	 


	Project team and programme member for the conference organized by the Hong Kong Polytechnic University


	 


	Project team of the Government funded project – CMM Fast Track programme


	 


	Member of the I.T. in Education Task Force of HKCS


	 


	Member of the programme committee of the Hong Kong International Computer Conference, an annual prominent event for the IT industry in Hong Kong


	 


	Assessor of the Best Business Award in the Hong Kong Information and Communication Award since 2009, an government initiative for recognition of players in the IT industry in Hong Kong


	 


	Guest teaching positions in the SPACE of University of Hong Kong and SCE of Hong Kong Baptist University


	 




	Miss Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip



	--

	CFO, CAO, TREAS. DIR




	 


	Hong Kong Agricultural Economic and Trade Promotional Association Limited (Vice-president)


	World SME Trade Alliance Limited (Vice-president)


	 


	Miss Mandy Yip had started to work as a department head and general manager in the department of import and export in different trading companies since 1989. She also worked as a quota consultant in different Hong Kong enterprises. Moreover, she was invited to work as a consultant in Mainland for dealing with the problem about the registration when setting up a factory and mediating the document for customs clearance and bank document, those were about the procedure from import or export to receive payment. For instance, she needed to deal with the agreement of approval about import and export from China Custom; examine documents about customs clearance and the quota system of America, Europe and Canada; arrange the quota allocation of different countries in order to satisfy requirements of production process so that it would not excess cost and accomplish the process and procedure of legal export with minimum cost; examine banker’s credit given by customers to evaluate whether company could receive payment on time and its degree of risk. Those were the job duties of Miss Yip while she worked as a consultant.


	 


	Miss Yip had started to investigate some non-mainstream investment products since 1995. Some people, who did not understand about investment, might not have an awareness to invest some guaranteed products as a choice for adding value. She studied about company background, country background, rate of return, the relationship of guarantee and non-guarantee, product evaluation from different companies and the development and outlook of company. Therefore, she helped companies and clients avoid two economic crises.


	 


	Miss Yip started to conduct a survey and investigation aboard recently. She had visited farmers in Indonesia and taught them about the effect and disadvantage of using fertilizer. Also, she took soil sample from there in order to produce harmless fertilizer for them. All these visits had successfully made those people in poor districts or countries understand that there were charity organizations concerning about them.


	 


	Professional qualification and license


	Member of Professional Insurance Brokers Association (PIBA)


	Agent of Estate Agents Authority (EAA)


	 






	 





	20








	 




	 








	 




	Anthony Chai Fung, Fan-




	SECRETARY, DIR.




	Hong Kong Agricultural Economic and Trade Promotional Association Limited (President)


	Mr Fan started his banking career in the securities department of an international bank in Hong Kong in 2008 to handle clients’ enquires about corporate actions and structural investment products.


	In 2013, Mr Fan joined a trade union in Hong Kong. Being an active member of the union, Mr Fan took business trips and attended investment seminars in the Mainland and America so as to achieve the union’s target -- promoting Mainland’s organic agricultural products to all over the world


	 



	Compensation and Audit Committees



	 


	As we only have three board members and given our limited operations, we do not have separate or independent audit or compensation committees. Our Board of Directors has determined that it does not have an “audit committee financial expert,” as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. In addition, we have not adopted any procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors.


	 



	Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance



	 


	Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Common Stock (collectively, the “Reporting Persons”) to report their ownership of and transactions in our Common Stock to the SEC. Copies of these reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 the Reporting Persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.


	 



	Code of Ethics



	 


	We have not adopted a Code of Ethics given our limited operations. We expect that our Board of Directors following a merger or other acquisition transaction will adopt a Code of Ethics.



	 





	ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.



	 


	Summary Compensation Table. The following table sets forth certain information concerning the annual compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers during the last two fiscal years including both accrued and cash compensation.


	 













































	 







	(a)





	 





	(b)





	 





	(c)





	 





	(d)





	 





	(e)





	 





	(f)





	 





	(g)





	 





	(h)





	 





	(i)





	 





	(j)








	Name and Principal Position





	 





	Year





	 





	Salary*





	 





	Bonus





	 





	Stock

	Awards





	 





	Option

	Awards





	 





	Non-equity incentive plan compensation





	 





	Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings





	 





	All Other Compensation





	 





	Total Compensation







	Haitao Liu,






































	 






	Chairman, Pres., Dir., CEO






	 




	2015








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0
















































































	 






	Shuxia Wang,










































































	 






	Sec., Dir.






	 




	2015








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0
















































































	 






	Haishuai Liu










































































	 






	CFO, Treas., Dir.






	 




	2015








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0
















































































	 






	Benedict Ling Yam, LAM






	 




	2016








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0




	 






	Chairman, Pres., Dir., CEO






	 




	2015








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0
















































































	 






	Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip






	 




	2016








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0




	 






	CFO, Treas., Dir






	 




	2015








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0
















































































	 






	Anthony Chai Fung






	 




	2016








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0




	 






	Sec., Dir.






	 




	2015








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	 





	21








	 




	 




	 



	Director Compensation



	 


	We do not currently pay any cash fees to our directors, nor do we pay director’s expenses in attending board meetings.


	 



	Employment Agreements



	 


	We are not a party to any employment agreements.



	  








	ITEM 12.




	 




	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.






	 


	The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2016 regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being our only voting securities) beneficially owned by each officer, director, each person (including any “group” as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5% or more of our Common Stock, and all officers and directors as a group.


	  






	 


	 


	 


	 





	Beneficial Owner




	Address




	Number of Shares


	Beneficially Owned (*)




	Percent of Class


	(**)





	 


	 


	 


	 





	HAITAO LIU




	Daly City, CA




	35,500,000




	36.1 %






	SHUXIA WANG




	Daly City, CA




	0




	0%






	HAISHUAI LIU




	Daly City, CA




	0




	0%






	Benedict Ling Yam, LAM




	Daly City, CA




	0




	0%






	Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip




	Daly City, CA




	0




	0%






	Anthony Chai Fung




	Daly City, CA




	0




	0%






	All Directors and Officers as a Group (3 persons)



	 



	0




	0%






	 


	(*) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC which generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members of such person’s household. This includes any shares such person has the right to acquire within 60 days.


	(**) Percent of class is calculated on the basis of the number of common shares outstanding on December 31, 2016 (98,365,000) shares. The Company had 194 common shareholders as of December 31, 2016.


	 


	Unless otherwise indicated, we have been advised that all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and dispose of the number of shares set forth opposite their names. For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a security holder, any shares which such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31, 2013 are deemed to be outstanding, but those shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other security holder.


	 


	We currently do not maintain any equity compensation plans.


	 






	 





	22








	 




	 





	   










	ITEM 13.




	 




	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.






	 



	Our Board of Directors consist solely of Benedict Ling Yam, LAM,


	Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip, Anthony Chai Fung. They are not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer quotation system.




	 








	ITEM 14.




	 




	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.






	 





	Audit Fees



	 


	The aggregate fees billed by KLJ & Associates, LLP. for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements on Forms 10-K or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings were $6,500 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and $6,500 for 2016.


	 



	Audit-Related Fees



	 


	None.


	 



	Tax Fees



	 


	None.


	 



	All Other Fees



	 


	None.



	 




	Pre-Approval Policy



	 


	We do not currently have a standing audit committee. The above services were approved by our Board of Directors.


	 






	 




	23







	 




	 






	   





	PART IV



	 





	Item 15.

	Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules




	 


	(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report:


	 


	1.


	Financial Statements.


	The following financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, are filed herewith.


	 


	2.

	Financial Statement Schedules.



	 


	Schedules are omitted because the information required is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.


	 


	3.

	Exhibits Incorporated by Reference or Filed with this Report.





	 







	●



	 



	Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms





	 





	●



	 



	Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2016





	 





	●



	 



	Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2016





	 





	●



	 



	Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2016





	 





	●



	 



	Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2016






	 







	●



	 



	Notes to Financial Statements





	 








	Exhibit




	No.




	 




	Description






	 


	 


	 





	31.1



	 



	Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*





	 


	 


	 





	31.2



	 



	Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*





	 


	 


	 





	32.1



	 



	Chief Executive and Financial Officer Certification pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*





	 


	 


	 





	 






	 




	24







	 




	 




	 


	  






	INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



	 



	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	 




	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	December 31, 2016 and 2015




	 






	Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm




	F-1






	Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015




	F-2






	Statement of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015




	F-3






	Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015




	F-4






	Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015




	F-5






	Notes to Financial Statements




	F-6 - F-10







	 






	 




	25







	 




	 





	 


	  


Click to enlarge


	 





	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



	 


	To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.


	 


	We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.’s management.is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


	 


	We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


	 


	In our opinion, based upon our audit the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


	 


	The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, The Company has suffered net losses and has had negative cash flows from operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.


	 


	 




	/s/ KLJ & Associates, LLP                                



	KLJ & Associates, LLP 


	Edina, MN 


	April 17, 2017  


	 

	 





	 


	5201 Eden Avenue


	Suite 300


	Edina, MN 55436


	630.277.2330


	 






	 




	F-1







	 




	 





	  






	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Balance Sheets




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	2015




	ASSETS




	Current assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Prepaid expenses


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	7,500


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	7,500


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total assets


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	7,500


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable


	 


	$


	23,709


	 


	 


	$


	15,369


	 




	Related party loans


	 


	 


	105,146


	 


	 


	 


	90,813


	 




	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	128,855


	 


	 


	 


	106,182


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stockholders' deficit


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock, no par value; 1,000,000,000 shares authorized; 98,365,000 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015


	 


	 


	521,547


	 


	 


	 


	521,547


	 




	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	(650,402


	)


	 


	 


	(620,229


	)




	Total stockholders' deficit


	 


	 


	(128,855


	)


	 


	 


	(98,682


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	7,500


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	See accompanying notes to financial statements.






	 






	 




	F-2







	 




	 




	  






	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Statements of Operations




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Year ended December 31,




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	2015




	Revenue


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	$


	—  




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	General and administrative


	 


	 


	30,173


	 


	 


	 


	469,112


	 




	Total operating expenses


	 


	 


	30,173


	 


	 


	 


	469,112


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(30,173


	)


	 


	$


	(469,112


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Basic and diluted loss per common share


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted average shares outstanding


	 


	 


	98,365,000


	 


	 


	 


	98,365,000


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	See accompanying notes to financial statements.




	 






	 




	F-3







	 




	 




	  






	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	Accumulated


	 


	 




	 




	 


	 


	 


	Shares


	 


	 


	Amount


	 


	 Deficit


	 


	 


	Total 




	Balance, December 31, 2014


	 


	 


	54,365,000


	 


	 


	$


	81,547


	 


	 


	$


	(151,117


	)


	 


	$


	(69,570


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common shares issued for services


	 


	 


	44,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	440,000


	 


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	440,000


	 




	Net loss, year ended December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	(469,112


	)


	 


	 


	(469,112


	)




	Balance, December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	98,365,000


	 


	 


	 


	521,547


	 


	 


	 


	(620,229


	)


	 


	 


	(98,682


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss, year ended December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	(30,173


	)


	 


	 


	(30,173


	)




	Balance, December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	98,365,000


	 


	 


	$


	521,547


	 


	 


	$


	(650,402


	)


	 


	$


	(128,855


	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	See accompanying notes to financial statements.






	 






	 




	F-4







	 




	 




	  






	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Statements of Cash Flows




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Year ended December 31,




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	2015




	Cash flows from operating activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(30,173


	)


	 


	$


	(469,112


	)




	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock issued for services


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	440,000


	 




	Changes in operating assets and liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Prepaid expenses


	 


	 


	7,500


	 


	 


	 


	(7,500


	)




	Accounts payable


	 


	 


	8,340


	 


	 


	 


	(1,846


	)




	Net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	(14,333


	)


	 


	 


	(38,458


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from investing activities


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	—  


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from financing activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proceeds from related party loans


	 


	 


	14,333


	 


	 


	 


	38,458


	 




	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	14,333


	 


	 


	 


	38,458


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net change in cash


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	—  


	 




	Cash at beginning of period


	 


	 


	—  


	 


	 


	 


	—  


	 




	Cash at end of period


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	—  


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Supplemental cash flow information


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for interest


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	—  


	 




	Cash paid for income taxes


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	—  


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Supplemental disclosure of non-cash operating and financing activity:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock issued for prepaid services


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	330,000


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	See accompanying notes to financial statements.






	 






	 




	F-5







	 




	 




	 



	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.





	Notes



	to Financial Statements




	December 31, 2016 and 2015




	 




	NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES



	 


	A summary of significant accounting policies of US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. (the Company) is presented to assist in understanding the Company’s financial statements. The accounting policies presented in these footnotes conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the accompanying financial statements. These financial statements and notes are representations of the Company’s management who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity.


	 



	Organization, Nature of Business and Trade Name



	 


	The Company was incorporated in the State of California on August 11, 2010. The Company is a fertilizer-related products and equipment exporter.


	 



	Basis of Presentation



	 


	The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management further acknowledges that it is solely responsible for adopting sound accounting practices, establishing and maintaining a system of internal accounting control and preventing and detecting fraud. The Company’s system of internal accounting control is designed to assure, among other items, that (1) recorded transactions are valid; (2) all valid transactions are recorded and (3) transactions are recorded in the period in a timely manner to produce financial statements which present fairly the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company for the respective periods being presented.


	 



	Cash and Cash Equivalents



	 


	For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all short-term debt securities purchased with maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


	 



	Revenue and Cost Recognition



	 


	The Company has been in the developmental stage since inception and has no operations to date. The Company currently does not have a means for generating revenue. Revenue and Cost Recognition procedures will be implemented based on the type of properties required and sale contract specifications.


	 






	 




	F-6







	 




	 




	 



	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Notes to Financial Statements




	December 31, 2016 and 2015



	 




	NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)




	 



	Fair Value of Financial Instruments



	 


	The Company applies fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:


	 




	Level 1


	– Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.



	 





	Level 2


	– Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.



	 





	Level 3


	– Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


	 


	The Company’s valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of money market funds and certain marketable equity securities were derived from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of all other financial instruments, all of which have counterparties with high credit ratings, were valued based on quoted market prices or model driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.


	 


	In accordance with the fair value accounting requirements, companies may choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company has not elected the fair value option for any eligible financial instruments.


	 



	Use of Estimates



	 


	The preparation of financial statements in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  A change in managements’ estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations during the period in which such changes occurred. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company’s financial statements reflect all adjustments that management believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented.


	 






	 




	F-7







	 




	 




	  



	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Notes to Financial Statements




	December 31, 2016 and 2015



	 




	NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)




	 



	Capital Stock



	 


	The Company had authorized two hundred and fifty million (250,000,000) shares of common stock with no par value.

	On June 4, 2016 the Company amended its articles of incorporation with the state of California to increase authorized shares of common stock to 1,000,000,000 shares with no par value.

	There were 98,365,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 



	Income Taxes



	 


	The Company recognizes the tax effects of transactions in the year in which such transactions enter into the determination of net income, regardless of when reported for tax purposes.


	 



	Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements



	 


	Recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force), the AICPA, and the SEC did not, or are not believed by management to, have a material impact on the Company’s present or future consolidated financial statements.


	 



	NOTE 2 – GOING CONCERN



	 


	The Company's financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company does not have significant cash or other current assets, nor does it have an established source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and to allow it to continue as a going concern.


	 


	Under the going concern assumption, an entity is ordinarily viewed as continuing in business for the foreseeable future with neither the intention nor the necessity of liquidation, ceasing trading, or seeking protection from creditors pursuant to laws or regulations. Accordingly, assets and liabilities are recorded on the basis that the entity will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.


	 


	The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the Business paragraph and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  


	During the next year, the Company’s foreseeable cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the payment of expenses associated with research and development. The Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital.


	 


	Historically, it has mostly relied upon internally generated funds and funds from the sale of shares of stock to finance its operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital through future public or private offerings of the Company’s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be no assurance that it will be able to obtain such financing. The Company’s failure to do so could have a material and adverse affect upon it and its shareholders.


	 






	 




	F-8







	 




	 




	 

	 




	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Notes to Financial Statements




	December 31, 2016 and 2015




	NOTE 3 – INCOME TAXES



	 


	We did not provide any current or deferred U.S. federal income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because we have experienced operating losses since inception.  When it is more likely than not that a tax asset cannot be realized through future income the Company must allow for this future tax benefit.  We provided a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax asset, consisting of net operating loss carry forwards, because management has determined that it is more likely than not that we will not earn income sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets during the carry forward period.


	 


	The Company has not taken a tax position that, if challenged, would have a material effect on the financial statements for the years ended December 2016 or 2015 applicable under FASB ASC 740.  We did not recognize any adjustment to the liability for uncertain tax position and therefore did not record any adjustment to the beginning balance of accumulated deficit on the consolidated balance sheet.   All tax returns for the Company remain open.


	 


	The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences for the periods presented are as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income tax provision at the federal statutory rate


	 


	 


	39


	%




	Effect on operating losses


	 


	 


	(39


	%)




	 


	 


	 


	—  


	 





	 


	Changes in the net deferred tax assets consist of the following:


	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	2015




	Net operating loss carry forward


	 


	$


	11,767


	 


	 


	$


	11,353


	 




	Valuation allowance


	 


	 


	(11,767


	)


	 


	 


	(11,353


	)




	Net deferred tax asset


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	—  


	 





	 


	A reconciliation of income taxes computed at the statutory rate is as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	2016


	 


	2015




	Tax at statutory rate (39%)


	 


	$


	82,055


	 


	 


	$


	70,288


	 




	Increase in valuation allowance


	 


	 


	(82,055


	)


	 


	 


	(70,288


	)




	Net deferred tax asset


	 


	$


	—  


	 


	 


	$


	—  


	 





	 


	The net federal operating loss carry forward will expire in 2026.  This carry forward may be limited upon the consummation of a business combination under IRC Section 381.


	 






	 




	F-9







	 




	 






	 



	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.




	Notes to Financial Statements




	December 31, 2016 and 2015




	NOTE 4 – COMMON STOCK



	 


	During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued a total of 44,000,000 shares for services valued at $440,000.


	 


	There were 98,365,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 



	NOTE 5 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS



	 


	The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property.  The officers and directors for the Company are involved in other business activities and may, in the future, become involved in other business opportunities.  If a specific business opportunity becomes available, such persons may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and their other business interest.  The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts.


	 


	The Company received advances from related parties totaling $14,333 and $38,257 during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. The advances from related parties are due on demand with no interest incurred. There was $105,146 and $90,612 due to related parties as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.



	 




	NOTE 6 - JOINT VENTURE FOR POTENTIAL PROJECTS




	 




	The Company entered a joint venture agreement with an unrelated foreign company on October 31, 2010. The agreement confirms their mutual intent to identify and work for certain projects together in the next 20 years. The joint venture will be officially started once the Company has raised enough capital and lucrative business opportunity is identified.  In according with ASC810-10-15-14, “Variable Interest Entity” or VIE, in order to qualify as a VIE, the entity should have one or more than one party meets the economic criterion of a primary beneficiary, but only one party will have power.  A reporting entity does not have to exercise its power to have power. Rather, the focus is on who has the ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic if so that entity needs to perform the consolidation.  As stated above, the Company entered a JV agreement with the other party; however, the agreement has not been started as of the filing date because there is not enough capital being raised and the business has not been identified yet.  If the agreement started, the Company will consider which party has the power and has the ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic and the Company will consider who needs to be performed the consolidation on its book.


	 



	 





	NOTE 7 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS



	 


	The Company evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after December 31, 2016 through the date of this filing. No additional disclosure required.


	 






	 




	F-10







	 




	 





	  





	SIGNATURES



	 


	In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 



	US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.





	 


	 





	Date: April 14, 2017



	 




	 



	By:  



	/s/ Anthony Chai Fung




	 



	  




	Anthony Chai Fung, Secretary





	 


	In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


	 





	Date: April 14, 2017



	 




	 


	 




	 



	By:  



	/s/ Benedict Ling Yam




	 



	 




	Benedict Ling Yam, President, CEO





	 


	 




	 


	 




	 


	 




	 


	  







	F-11






	 












	CERTIFICATION



	 


	I, Benedict Ling Yam, certify that:


	 


	1.               I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.;


	 


	2.               Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


	 


	3.               Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report;


	 


	4.               The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


	 


	(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


	 


	(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and


	 


	 5.            The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


	 


	(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.


	 


	Date:  April 14, 2017


	 




	/s/ Benedict Ling Yam


	 


	 




	Benedict Ling Yam


	 


	 




	Chief Executive Officer


	 


	 




	(Principal Executive Officer)


	 


	 






	 











	Exhibit 31.2




	 






	CERTIFICATION



	 


	I, Mandy Fung-Yee, certify that:


	 


	1.               I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.;


	 


	2.               Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


	 


	3.               Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report;


	 


	4.               The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d) - 15(f)) for the registrant and have:


	 


	(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


	 


	(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and


	 



	 


	5.               The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


	 


	(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.


	 


	Date: April 14, 2017


	 


	 




	/s/ Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip


	 




	Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip


	 




	Chief Financial Officer


	 




	(Principal Financial Officer)


	 





	 













	Exhibit 32.1



	 




	CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 AS ADOPTED


	PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


	 


	The undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016 of US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC. (the “Company”) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in such periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in such report.


	 


	Very truly yours,


	 


	 




	/s/ Benedict Ling Yam


	 




	Benedict Ling Yam


	 




	Chief Executive Officer


	 




	 


	 




	 


	 




	/s/ Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip


	 




	Mandy Fung-Yee, Yip


	 




	Chief Financial Officer


	 




	 


	 




	 


	 




	Dated: April 14, 2017


	 




	 


	 


	A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



	 













US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:44 PM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. focuses on fertilizer-related products and equipment exporting business. The company was founded in 2010 and is based in Pasadena, California.


2500 East Colorado BoulevardSuite 255Pasadena, CA 91107United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 650-530-0699








Key Executives for US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.




Mr. Ling Yam  Lam


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      








Ms. Fung-Yee Yip


      	Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Director
      








Mr. Chai Fung Fan


      	Secretary and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. Key Developments

US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Mar 28 17
On 03/28/2017, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Nov 15 16
On 11/15/2016, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
May 16 16
On 05/16/2016, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 195 Lumber Company United States 2 J Supply, Inc. United States 21st Century Equipment, LLC United States 31-W Insulation Co., Inc. United States 3D Mechanical/Service Co., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  USDF:OTC US Stock Quote - US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc   USDF:US   OTC US        0.00USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/14/2017     Volume   58,600    Previous Close   0.00    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.02                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   58,600    Previous Close   0.00    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.02    YTD Return   -21.87%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (k USD)   245.913    Shares Outstanding  (m)   98.365    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change +0.21%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change +0.05%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International Inc is a development stage company. The Company  is a  fertilizer-related products and equipment exporter. The Company sells the production equipment  to buyers on an international basis.    Address  699 Serramonte Blvd. Ste 212Daly City, CA 94015United States   Phone  1-650-530-0699   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Ling Yam Lam "Benedict"  President/CEO    Fung-Yee Yip "Mandy"  CFO/CAO/Treasurer    Fan Chai Fung "Anthony"  Secretary     Show More         


Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




10:44 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc. Press Conference - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc. Press Conference






GlobeNewswire



Nov 18, 2013 2:44 PM EST













 




























































    New York, Nov. 18, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International Inc. (OTC: USDF) (US-Dadi) announced the listing on OTCQB market. On November 19, 2013, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International Inc. held a press conference in Hong Kong to announce that US-Dadi has gone public on OTCQB market. The press conference was well received by its audience. Attendees included representatives of partners of US-Dadi, namely, Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Company Limited, Saturnus Agri-Tech US International Inc, World SME Trade Alliance Limited, and South China Securities Limited, as well as more than 50 investors. In July 2013, with the assists of the US-International Federation for Supporting Small and Medium Enterprises and management advice from the Integrated Creative Investment Consulting Group, US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International Inc. is successfully listed on the US OTC-QB market with ticket symbol "USDF". With the introduction by World SME Trade Alliance Limited, US-Dadi started to work with Saturnus Agri-Tech US International Inc. on the cooperation of US-Dadi with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Company Limited to develop the brand name "Haixin" and to market its bio-organic fertilizer products to South-East Asia. Recently, the companies had reached an initial sales agreement with clients in Surabaya, Indonesia. Haixin brand of bio-organic fertilizer products adopted its technology from the Institute of Applied Ecology, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Mr. Heshui Ren, the vice-supervisor of the New Fertilizer Development Center of the Institute became the consultant to US-Dadi. The Haixin products have been certified by the Institute and have reached European Union (EU) standards. It is now under the certification process by the EU. During the press conference, Mr. Haitao Liu, president of US-Dadi, introduced the history of US-Dadi and its developments from its origin, growth, and move to global marketing. At the same time, Mr. Liu shared the 3-year business plan and prospect to the prospective investors at the meeting. Following Liu, Mr. Zhaorong Liu, executive director of Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Company Limited, introduced his company and the latest business result achieved from the cooperation with US-Dadi. Mr. Chaifung Fan, president of the Saturnus Agri-Tech US International Inc, also shared his market analysis and sales strategy of the products of US-Dadi in the international markets.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




10:44 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




10:44 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































USDF Stock Price - US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:15p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



7:38p

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



7:28p

A Wild Week in Washington 



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


USDF


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



USDF
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateUSDFAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 14, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.0025



0.0003
13.64%






Previous Close




$0.0022





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




887.1% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    58.6K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 6.6K
            





Open: 0.00
Close: 0.0025



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000





Day Range



0.0002
52 Week Low/High
0.0150


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range
0.0002 - 0.0150



Market Cap
$619.7K



Shares Outstanding
98.37M



Public Float
62.87M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$0.00



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
6.61K




 


Performance




5 Day


-37.50%







1 Month


-37.50%







3 Month


-37.50%







YTD


-21.88%







1 Year


0.00%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.

May. 11, 2017 at 2:03 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.


Apr. 19, 2017 at 6:13 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.


Nov. 15, 2016 at 6:19 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.


Aug. 15, 2016 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)







No Headlines Available








US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc.


            
            US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. manufactures and exports fertilizer related products and equipment. The company was founded on August 11, 2010 and is headquartered in Daly City, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








S

0.24%








WDC

-7.54%








MO

-9.49%








SSTI

-0.08%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












USDF Stock Price - US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:15p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



7:38p

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



7:28p

A Wild Week in Washington 



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


USDF


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



USDF
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateUSDFAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 14, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.0025



0.0003
13.64%






Previous Close




$0.0022





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




887.1% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    58.6K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 6.6K
            





Open: 0.00
Close: 0.0025



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000





Day Range



0.0002
52 Week Low/High
0.0150


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range
0.0002 - 0.0150



Market Cap
$619.7K



Shares Outstanding
98.37M



Public Float
62.87M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$0.00



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
6.61K




 


Performance




5 Day


-37.50%







1 Month


-37.50%







3 Month


-37.50%







YTD


-21.88%







1 Year


0.00%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.

May. 11, 2017 at 2:03 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.


Apr. 19, 2017 at 6:13 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.


Nov. 15, 2016 at 6:19 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.


Aug. 15, 2016 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)







No Headlines Available








US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc.


            
            US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. manufactures and exports fertilizer related products and equipment. The company was founded on August 11, 2010 and is headquartered in Daly City, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








S

0.24%








WDC

-7.54%








MO

-9.49%








SSTI

-0.08%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













    USDF Key Statistics - US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc.

                  OTC: USDF
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 14, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


USDF

/quotes/zigman/60132670/delayed


$
0.0025




Change

+0.0003
+13.64%

Volume
Volume 58,600
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/60132670/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.0022
		


$
				0.0025
			
Change

+0.0003
+13.64%





Day low
Day high
$0.0025
$0.0025










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.0002
        

            $0.02
        

















			Company Description 
		


                US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. manufactures and exports fertilizer related products and equipment. The company was founded on August 11, 2010 and is headquartered in Daly City, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-20.32


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-24.98


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-36.09


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.14

Efficiency


Profitability
Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Ling Yam  Lam 
-
2014
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director



Ms. Fung-Yee  Yip 
-
2014
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director & CAO



Mr. Chai Fung  Fan 
-
2014
Secretary & Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/usdf

      MarketWatch News on USDF
    
No News currently available for USDF





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/usdf

      Other News on USDF
    




 10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
2:03 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
6:13 a.m. April 19, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
7:19 a.m. Nov. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
5:20 p.m. Aug. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.
699 Serramonte Boulevard
Suite 212

Daly City, California 94015




Phone
1 6505300699


Industry
Chemicals


Sector
Basic Materials/Resources


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-30,173


Employees

        -


Annual Report for USDF











/news/pressrelease/company/us/usdf

      Press Releases on USDF
    
No News currently available for USDF







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:44 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































 ReportLinker Reviews | G2 Crowd


SearchWrite ReviewBrowseSoftwareServicesUser InfoProfile DetailsProduct AdminSoftware I UseNotificationsSign OutSign In / Sign UpAboutAbout UsTeamCareersIn the NewsPress ReleasesInformation for Solution ProvidersTestimonialsG2 GivesBlogWrite ReviewSoftwareServicesAboutAbout UsTeamCareersIn the NewsPress ReleasesInformation for Solution ProvidersTestimonialsG2 GivesBlogProfile DetailsProduct AdminSoftware I UseNotificationsSign OutSign In / Sign Up ReviewsProfilePricingComment on ReviewComment TitleComment
 Do not show my name and LinkedIn® picture on this CommentCancelDoneReviewsProfilePricing



      Save
    


Follow thisFollowingI use thisI use thisReportLinker (3) 4.7 out of 5 starsReportLinker provides a solution that finds, filters and organizes the latest market reports and statistics from official sources. It simplifies how analysts and decision makers get industry data for their business and helps them better understand each industry sector.Request a ConsultationWork for ReportLinker?Update this ProfileAdminAdd Free TrialAdd Demo VideoLearning about ReportLinker?We can help you find the solution that fits you best.Find the Right ProductCategoriesTechnology ResearchReportLinker ReviewsAsk ReportLinker a QuestionWrite a ReviewFilter ReviewsFilter ReviewsRatings5 star34 star03 star02 star01 star0Company SizeSmall Business (50 or fewer emp.)(2)Enterprise ( >1000 emp.)(1)User RoleProject Team Member(1)Project Manager(1)Partner(1)User IndustryHigher Education(1)Management Consulting(1)Market Research(1)Most Recent
Least Helpful
Least Recent
Most Helpful
DefaultRatings5 star34 star03 star02 star01 star0Company SizeSmall Business (50 or fewer emp.)(2)Enterprise ( >1000 emp.)(1)User RoleProject Team Member(1)Project Manager(1)Partner(1)User IndustryHigher Education(1)Management Consulting(1)Market Research(1)Most Recent
Least Helpful
Least Recent
Most Helpful
DefaultShowing 3 ReportLinker reviewsGraeme Y.Review SourceGraeme Y.Validated ReviewReview SourceUnusual to find such good customer service.... would recommendUpdated On June 30, 2017Validated ReviewWhat do you like best?Response to email enquiry-customer care was excellent and not what I expectedWhat do you dislike?That the report linker site only provided broad overview information when It seemed to promise something more specific and tailored. I was unable to preview before I bought the service however once I had paid I was unable to find anything remotely like the search engne had promised. I felt very let down particularly as I had spoken to eport link staff and tried to get a preview. I actually felt a bit duped. My enquiry was followed up and what happened to my request was very unusual, someone actually LISTENED and TOOK OWNERSHIP, I really did not expect this and had written off the fee as a bad experience. I then received a further emaila dn offer to assist. when the member of staff was unable to I was offered a refund. That is going ABOVE and BEYOND. Very well done to REPORT LINKER, this is far better thatn I expected and my respect for your service has been turned aroundRead MoreShare on0 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNoResponse from Chloé Jacquet of ReportLinkereditDear Graeme,Thank you very much for your comment. I just would like to bring some clarification about our service. It is a collection of data... Read full response0 CommentsAdd a CommentAdd a CommentReport a ConcernOliver G.Review SourceOliver G.Validated ReviewReview SourceGreat Research ResourceUpdated On November  3, 2016Validated ReviewWhat do you like best?Reportlinker is an excellent resource for research information, either through the site, the subscription service or the paid reports. What do you dislike?If the search results on the subscription service could be refined further it would be great. Recommendations to others considering the productReportlinker offers a cost effective solution to get you more useful information, What business problems are you solving with the product?  What benefits have you realized?Reportlinker helps save time on research projects and get more accurate information.Read MoreShare on40 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNo0 CommentsAdd a CommentAdd a CommentRespond as ReportLinkerReport a ConcernAre you a current user of ReportLinker?YesNoWhat Technology Research solution do you use?G2 Crowd Review PlatformMintelGartnerExperts ExchangeForresterGigaOMYankee GroupBenchlingCUEApptopia ServicesWeb App Meister451 GroupI don't use Technology Research servicesDr JLP (Wikus) N.Review SourceDr JLP (Wikus) N.Validated ReviewReview SourceReportLinkerUpdated On November 21, 2016Validated ReviewWhat do you like best?The research-base is current, relevant and from a variety of sources, which renders the scientific inquiry process very reliable and valid. What do you dislike?Costing structure in South African Rands could limit continued use for me personally, especially for small business entities like mine. More flexibility could prove beneficial for wider use. Recommendations to others considering the productI would highly recommend it for use in a personal and professional capacity. Read MoreShare on20 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNo1 CommentAdd a CommentAdd a CommentRespond as ReportLinkerReport a ConcernThere are not enough reviews of ReportLinker for G2 Crowd to provide buying insight. Below are some alternatives with more reviews:
1G2 Crowd Review Platform (52) G2 Crowd is the first source for trusted business software ratings and reviews. Crowd sourced alternative to traditional tech analyst firms.2Mintel (8) A range of research and insight services available on demand, online. Designed to help you grow your business.3Experts Exchange (6) Experts Exchange is the tech professional’s trusted, on-demand resource for solving difficult problems, making informed decisions, and delivering excellent solutions.4Gartner (6) Gartner delivers technology research to global technology business leaders to make informed decisions on key initiatives.5Forrester (5) Forrester provides proprietary research, consumer and business data, custom advisory and consulting, events, online communities and executive programs globally.Learning about ReportLinker?We can help you find the solution that fits you best.Chat with a G2 advisor* We monitor all ReportLinker reviews to prevent fraudulent reviews and keep review quality high. We do not post reviews by company employees or direct competitors.  Validated reviews require the user to submit a screenshot of the product containing their user ID, in order to verify a user is an actual user of the product.Company: ReportLinkerWebsite: www.reportlinker.comCategoriesTechnology ResearchLearning about ReportLinker?We can help you find the solution that fits you best.Find the Right ProductSign in to continueSign in withorBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyNew to G2 Crowd?  Sign UpSign up to continueSign up withorSign up with an emailBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyAlready have an account? Sign inIn order to continue you will need to authenticate via LinkedIn®Sign in withBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyWhy LinkedIn®?Using LinkedIn® ensures that we only have real business users contributing and sharing authentic
data that everyone can trust.

  When you connect to G2 with LinkedIn®, we will receive:



    Your profile information - We'll automatically populate your G2 Crowd profile with your company name,
    industry, company size, and skills from your LinkedIn® profile; you control whether this information is
    shown publicly on G2 Crowd.
  

    Email address - You can add a different email address to your G2 Crowd account, and you can turn off or adjust
    the frequency of G2 Crowd notifications.
  

    Connections - We access your connections to show you reviews written by your network. We don't access your
    connections' contact information, and we never message your connections.
  



    We will never post anything back to your LinkedIn® account on your behalf without your permission.
    Earning and keeping your trust is important to us.
  

Would you like to receive more information from ReportLinker?Yes Please

 






USDF Profile | US-DADI FERTILIZER Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballUS-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. (USDF)Other OTC - Other OTC Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist0.00250.0000 (0.0000%)At close:  11:56AM EDTPeople also watchSPNIUPNTSTCCUBLISSNTSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsUS-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.699 Serramonte BoulevardSuite 212Daly City, CA 94015United States650-530-0699Sector: Industry: Full Time Employees: Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Ling Yam   LamChairman, Chief Exec. Officer and PresN/AN/AN/AMs. Fung-Yee  YipChief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and DirectorN/AN/AN/AMr. Chai Fung  FanSec. and DirectorN/AN/AN/AAmounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionUS-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. focuses on fertilizer-related products and equipment exporting business. The company was founded in 2010 and is based in Daly City, California.Corporate GovernanceUS-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder Rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)







Us-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.                                                                          - Daly City                                         , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Daly City



Farm Supplies



Fertilizer And Fertilizer Materials



                            Us-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.
                                    



 





















U 


Us-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



699 SERRAMONTE BLVD # 212 DALY CITY, CA 94015
Get Directions



(650) 530-0699
www.usdadi.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $435,159.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Fertilizer And Fertilizer Materials
 Contacts Haitao Liu                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Us-dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.                                                                          was founded in 2010. Us-dadi Fertilizer Industry International, Inc.                                                                          specializes in Fertilizer And Fertilizer Materials. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







U

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














