




uSeek, Inc. - Other Technology- Ritter  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









uSeek, Inc.

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1005 Baker Ave., Suite F  
    Whitefish, MT, 59937Phone: 310-695-1341 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-02


New


$100,000


$100,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Huntley Ritter 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 












	USEEK Trademark of Shenzhen Gutplus Technology Co., Ltd.. Serial Number: 86481247 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
USEEK










 
Get FREE email alerts













USEEK  Trademark Information
 Shenzhen Gutplus Technology Co., Ltd.
Broadband wireless equipment, namely, telecommunications base station equipment for cellular and fixed networking and communications applications; Computer anti-virus software; Computer game programs; Computer game software; Computer gaming software for recreational game playing purposes; Computer graphics software; Computer operating programs, recorded; Computer programs for pre-recorded games; Computer programs for video and computer games; ...




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
broadband   wireless   equipment         telecommunications   base   station   equipment   cellular   fixed   networking   communications   applications   antivirus   software   game   programs   game   software   gaming   software   recreational   game   playing   purposes    
                                    




This is a brand page for the USEEK trademark by Shenzhen Gutplus Technology Co., Ltd. 
                                in Nanshan Dist, Shenzhen, , .
Write a review about a product or service associated with this USEEK trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Shenzhen Gutplus Technology Co., Ltd. of the USEEK trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the USEEK trademark.
                           






On Monday, December 15, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        USEEK by 
                        Shenzhen Gutplus Technology Co., Ltd., Nanshan Dist, Shenzhen.
                        The USPTO has given the USEEK 
                        trademark serial  number of  86481247.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REPORT COMPLETED SUSPENSION CHECK - CASE STILL SUSPENDED.
                        The correspondent listed for USEEK is 
                        
                        
                                            AMANDA LI of 
                                            UNIT B6, 20/F, TAK WING INDUSTRIAL BLDG,,  NO. 3 TSUN WEN ROAD,, TUEN MUN, N.T. Hong Kong 
                                .
                            The USEEK trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for USEEK 
                            is Broadband wireless equipment, namely, telecommunications base station equipment for cellular and fixed networking and communications applications; Computer anti-virus software; Computer game programs; Computer game software; Computer gaming software for recreational game playing purposes; Computer graphics software; Computer operating programs, recorded; Computer programs for pre-recorded games; Computer programs for video and computer games; Computer software development tools; Computer software to monitor and control factory manufacturing processes; Computers; Digital signal processors; Downloadable computer game programs; Downloadable computer game software via a global computer network and wireless devices; Electronic game programs; Electronic game software; Game software; Integrated circuits and integrated circuit cores for use in wireless communications and wireless communication equipment and apparati and digital signal processors (DSP); LED vehicle traffic signals; Magic lanterns; Monitor signal amplifiers; Optical communications systems comprised of optical and electronic hardware and computer software for the transmission of data between two points; Optical lanterns; Portable media players; Radios; Receivers of electronic signals; Reconfigurable processors for use in wireless communication handsets and network equipment in the field of wideband communications; Reflectors for traffic signals; Remote control telemetering machines and apparatus; Signal processors. 
                            





Word mark:
 USEEK


  Status/Status Date:  


REPORT COMPLETED SUSPENSION CHECK - CASE STILL SUSPENDED

4/20/2017



  Serial Number:  
86481247


  Filing Date:  
12/15/2014


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Broadband wireless equipment, namely, telecommunications base station equipment for cellular and fixed networking and communications applications; Computer anti-virus software; Computer game programs; Computer game software; Computer gaming software for recreational game playing purposes; Computer graphics software; Computer operating programs, recorded; Computer programs for pre-recorded games; Computer programs for video and computer games; Computer software development tools; Computer software to monitor and control factory manufacturing processes; Computers; Digital signal processors; Downloadable computer game programs; Downloadable computer game software via a global computer network and wireless devices; Electronic game programs; Electronic game software; Game software; Integrated circuits and integrated circuit cores for use in wireless communications and wireless communication equipment and apparati and digital signal processors (DSP); LED vehicle traffic signals; Magic lanterns; Monitor signal amplifiers; Optical communications systems comprised of optical and electronic hardware and computer software for the transmission of data between two points; Optical lanterns; Portable media players; Radios; Receivers of electronic signals; Reconfigurable processors for use in wireless communication handsets and network equipment in the field of wideband communications; Reflectors for traffic signals; Remote control telemetering machines and apparatus; Signal processors


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Shenzhen Gutplus Technology Co., Ltd.Nanshan Dist, Shenzhen
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


AMANDA LI
UNIT B6, 20/F, TAK WING INDUSTRIAL BLDG,
NO. 3 TSUN WEN ROAD,
TUEN MUN, N.T. Hong Kong






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your USEEK trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/20/2017
REPORT COMPLETED SUSPENSION CHECK - CASE STILL SUSPENDED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



AMANDA LI


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of USEEK trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search useek on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for USEEK 




USEEK is providing Broadband wireless equipment, namely, telecommunications base station equipment for cellular and fixed networking and communications applications; Computer anti-virus software; Computer game programs; Computer game software; Computer gaming software for recreational game playing purposes; Computer graphics software; Computer operating programs, recorded; Computer programs for pre-recorded games; Computer programs for video and computer games; Computer software development tools; Computer soft....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















The whatUseek Directory - Products





















































































































Search


The Directory
The Web


for





























































Home > Recreation > Outdoors > Snowmobiles > 














Products














New! Submit a site
 
whatUseek Collection Sites (submit a site ):
 
Give your site great 
placement in this category in as little as two business days!
 
 
whatUseek Directory Site Listings:
 
Arvin Ride Control Products - Canadian manufacturer of RydeFX shock absorbers and suspension products for snowmobiles.
 
B and M Sales - Offers snowmobile and trailer parts including performance parts, accessories & clothing.
 
BR Tech Racing - Manufactures lightweight hoods for most makes and models of snowmobiles.
 
Billy Norman Enterprises - Offers parts and supplies for snowmobiles.
 
Bluhm Enterprises - Manufactures snowmobile parts and accessories, including Xenon gas headlights, Brite Lites, radius rod covers, Laser lites, and strobes .
 
Bottomline Traction Products - Manufactures traction products, studs and wearbars for most snowmobiles as well as aftermarket skis.
 
C and A Pro Inc. - Skis that make tough moguls seem like soft powder snow.  The flexibility of these skis remove handlebar jolt to help you stay in control.
 
Central Snowmobile - Hard to find and obsolete snowmobile parts available for most makes and models from the mid 60's thru 1998. New, used and rebuilt snowmobile parts.
 
DYNAslides - Friction reducing Hy-fax sliders for snowmobiles.
 
Dyno-Tune, LLC - Northern Michigan's snowmobile performance dyno shop utilizing the Dynojet track dyno.
 
Equinox Industries - Equinox (tow) Boggans are tough, lightweight, and flexible, Boggans go where you go and haul whatever you've got.
 
Fett Brothers Performance - Offers high performance products for Arctic Cat, Polaris, Ski-Doo and Yamaha snowmobiles. Also offers service on clutches, engine and dyno testing.
 
Gates Rubber Co. - Specialized belts for snowmobiling.
 
GetaSnowmobile.com - Listings of new and used sleds for sale through dealers.
 
Hartman, Inc. - Yamaha snowmobile specialists. We make snowmobiles faster, produce more horsepower, climb higher, and stay on top of the deep powder. We design, build, manufacture, test, and sell products for Yamaha and other snowmobiles.
 
Hauck Power Sports - Offers Yamaha snowmobile high performance parts and accessories.
 
Helmet Light Inc. - Helmet mount halogen spot & brake light for all 12 volt systems AC/DC light for ATV, motorcycle, and snowmobile.
 
Hot Summer Industries, Inc. - Offers snowmobile trailers, pontoon boat trailers, utility trailers, personal watercraft trailers.
 
Hot To Go Racing - Offers snowmobile and watercraft performance products and service.
 
Indy Snowmobile Salvage - Polaris snowmobile Parts new and used.  Great for the racer we ship world wide. Located in Minden, Ontario, Canada.
 
 
[ 1 2 3 4 ]









Help build the largest human-edited directory on the 
            web.


  Submit a Site - Open Directory Project - Become an Editor  




















































About   Help   
    Content Filter   
    Terms   Privacy Policy

    © 2016 whatUseek













 
































Useek Craftworks Co., Ltd., Rm907 Jqd290 Wing Tuck Commercial Ctr 177 183 Wing Lok St HK China | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Useek Craftworks Co., Ltd.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  Hong Kong






        See Useek Craftworks Co., Ltd.'s products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
2 U.S. shipments available for Useek Craftworks Co., Ltd., updated weekly since 2007




Date
Supplier
Customer
Details

          41          more fields
        


2008-03-23
See all 2 shipment records for Useek Craftworks Co., Ltd. with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2008-03-08


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 customer of Useek Craftworks Co., Ltd.
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Leeber Ltd. 






1 customer available
        


Top products


jewelry 





shadow 






2 top products available
        





Contact information for Useek Craftworks Co., Ltd.


 

Address
Rm907 Jqd290 Wing Tuck Commercial Ctr 177 183 Wing Lok St HK China

 


 




           
      More contact information 



Sample Bill of Lading
2 shipment records available



Date
2008-03-23


Shipper Name
Useek Craftworks Co.,Limited


Shipper Address
RM907,JQD290,WING TUCK COMMERCIAL, CENTRE,177-183 WING LOK ST, HONGKONG, CHINA


Consignee Name
Leeber Limited


Consignee Address
15 POLLARD ST, RICHMOND HILL ON L4B 1A8, CANADA


Weight
3966


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
3966.0


Quantity
537


Quantity Unit
CTN


Country of Origin
Hong Kong


Details
3,966.0 kgFrom port: Tsingtao, ChinaTo port: Port of Seattle, Seattle, Washington


Place of Receipt
Qingdao,  China


Foreign Port of Lading
Tsingtao, China


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Seattle, Seattle, Washington


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Seattle, Seattle, Washington


Commodity
Shadow Boxes


Container
OOLU8367108


Marks Description
Llc No. No. Toronto Canada Made In China Ctn No. Qty:


Carrier Name
0GOFF, BILL TRUCKING


Vessel Name
OOCL FRANCE


Voyage Number
63E


Bill of Lading Number
GBLICSYYZ080349


Master Bill of Lading Number
OOLU3032289900


Lloyd's Code
9214226







 


Suppliers of similar products from Hong Kong

Hong Kong jewelry manufacturersHong Kong shadow manufacturers.
            


Suppliers similar to Useek Craftworks Co., Ltd.

Keystar International Ltd.Leschaco Korea Ltd..
              






Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 





USeek Download | ZDNet




		This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please
		view our cookie policy.
	





                            Edition: 



            Asia
        



            Australia
        



            Europe
        



            India
        



            United Kingdom
        



            United States
        

ZDNet around the globe:


            ZDNet Belgium
        



            ZDNet China
        



            ZDNet France
        



            ZDNet Germany
        



            ZDNet Korea
        



            ZDNet Japan
        























Go









 












USeek


                    By 
                    USeek, INC
                    |
                    May 2, 2015





















 Download
                Download
            
        USeek is about having fun, and saving money on the products and services you like while changing the world with each purchase. We think its fun to find things, especially when there is a real reward when you do so. We also think its fun to help people, so we created a treasure hunt game through video content in where you are rewarded with points, coupons, and promo-codes for your ability of observation and speed!! FEATURES:GAMES: Tons of cool scavenger hunt games to choose from including: music videos featuring your favorite artists, hit television shows, upcoming movie trailers, behind the scenes extras or cutting edge branded videos. REWARDS: Every time you find and click on a logo hidden within the content you win coupons or promo codes that allow you to save money on products from your favorite companies. POINTS: When you find and click on a logo hidden within the video you are awarded points which may be used to enter grand prize games or exchange for cool products courtesy of our game partners. GIVE BACK: When you redeem a coupon or promocode you are able to donate a portion of your savings to your favorite charities. WALLET: Point totals, rewards, and give backs are all conviently stored in your In-App wallet for easy browsing, redemption, and interaction.Recent changes:* Fixes issue with multiple launcher icons* Fixes issue with location services and coupon redemption on AndroidContent rating: Low Maturity
    PriceCAD0LicenseFreeFile Size16.62 MBVersion1.4.1Operating System
                                            Android 
                                    System RequirementsCompatible with 2.3.3 and above.










×
Thank You



Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription

I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy.
                     I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time).

ACCEPT & CLOSE





Newsletters

You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center.










See
                    All
                  





See
                    All
                  























USEEK, INC. Delaware - CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY - Business Profiles




















Business Profile

Document Delivery
API
About





 

 

 Companies
 Officers

 








Home  /  
Delaware
  /  
USEEK, INC.





Account  


Login


Sign Up






Saved

0




Cart

0













USEEK, INC.


 Delaware

 US-DE-4956868
 




USEEK, INC. was formed on 2011-04-20 in Delaware by CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY




Save Profile  










FORMATION DETAILS


Registration Number: 4956868
Type: Corporation
Date of Formation: 2011-04-20




OFFICERS



CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
Registered Agent





FILINGS AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE







Certificate of Status $70.00




 
About our Document Delivery service





RELATED COMPANIES



USEEK, INC.
(Delaware)


U SEEK FINANCIALS, INC.
(California)


UBEEK INC.
(Florida)


USZEK, INC.
(Illinois)


ISEEK INC.
(Delaware)





DID YOU KNOW?



More than 700,000 transactions were completed over the Internet by businesses utilizing the services of the Corporate Division.

















Home
Document Delivery
API
About

© 2017, Business Profiles Inc.
Business Profile





USA
Europe
Asia & Pacific
Americas





Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California




Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida




Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana




Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine




Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi




Missouri


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New York




North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon




Pennsylvania


Puerto Rico


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee




Texas


Utah


Virginia


Washington


Wyoming






Croatia


Denmark


Estonia




Finland


France




Germany


Gibraltar




Ireland


Isle of Man




Luxembourg


Netherlands




Norway


Poland




Slovenia


Spain




Sweden


Switzerland




Turkey


United Kingdom






Australia




Hong Kong




India




New Zealand




Singapore




Thailand












Canada




Colombia




Dominican Republic




Jamaica




Jersey




Mexico




Nova Scotia




Panama




Quebec
















USeek





































































  











The USeek interactive advertising solution turns your videos into engaging experiences full of rewards...







...Increasing viewer attention while searching yourcreative for objects. 











REAL TIME ANALYTICS







TRACKING & REPORTINGThe USeek interactive platform delivers key digital metrics, meeting brand KPIs based off consumer interactions. 







WHAT DO WE TRACK?The simple answer is everything!  The USeek dashboard is completely customizable, delivering our clients exactly what they are looking for.Analytics may include: Viewability, Completion, Engagement, Frequency, Geolocation, Interactivity Touch Points, as well the Social Sharing completed by our users. 







ANALYTIC VERIFICATIONThe USeek ad solution is VAST and VPAID compliant..















CLIENTS 







































 











WORK

































































Privacy Policy

Welcome to U•Seek!
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect through the U•Seek service. Please take a moment to read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the U•Seek service. By using the U•Seek service, you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to this Privacy Policy. In addition, please review the U•Seek Terms of Use, which governs your use of the U•Seek service and any content you submit to us.
So that you can fully benefit from the U•Seek service, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. We may ask you to provide information that could be used to contact you or to identify you personally (such as your name, email address, telephone number, home address or other profile-related information (“Personal Information”), such as for example, we may collect Personal Information when you open a U•Seek account, request information, submit comments, post on social media sites, participate in a promotion, survey or other feature of the U•Seek service, redeem rewards as part of the U•Seek Rewards Program, or otherwise use the U•Seek service. We may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as demographic information (gender, zip code, age, etc. or certain information about your preferences, interests, friends and contacts). The U•Seek service may make available certain interactive services like bulletin boards, chat rooms, blogs and forums (collectively, “Interactive Services”). Please remember that any information that you disclose through these Interactive Services becomes public information and is not subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not want some or all of your Personal Information collected, please do not submit it.
When creating a U•Seek account, or connecting your already existing U•Seek account with your Facebook account, we will also receive and store the certain information from Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”), such as your name, user name, password, profile picture, unique Facebook identifier and access token, gender, birthday and email address. If you connect your U•Seek account to Facebook, we will make available and/or share your Facebook user name and your Facebook profile picture to other U•Seek users. Further, U•Seek users may be able to use the U•Seek service to search for or view your U•Seek profile and the information contained therein. In addition, your profile picture, name or username may be displayed to other U•Seek users. For example, another U•Seek user that visits the high score page or marketplace may see the profile pictures of other U•Seek users who have played the game or put items for sale in the market place. Please familiarize yourself with and use the settings in your profile, as they provide you with some options to adjust the information in your U•Seek profile that may be viewed and your activities that may be shared.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
Whenever you interact with the U•Seek service, we and third-party advertisers and/or service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how you access and use the U•Seek service (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include, in part, your browser or device type, your operating system, the page served, the time, the preceding page views, and your use of features or applications on the U•Seek service, such as game history, interaction with friends and group activities, U•Seek Rewards history and your location (if you consent to enabling of location based services). This statistical data provides us with information about the use of the U•Seek services, such as how many visitors visit a specific page, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. This information helps us keep the U•Seek service fresh and interesting to our visitors and tailor content to a visitor’s interests.
Technologies used on the U•Seek service to collect Usage Information may include, but are not limited to:
Cookies. Cookies are data files placed on a device when it is used to access the U•Seek service. Either we or our third-party advertisers or service providers may place cookies or similar files on your device for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting the U•Seek service. Cookies allow us to collect technical and navigational information, such as your browser type, time you spend on the U•Seek service and the pages you visit. Cookies allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the U•Seek service. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; or set your browser to automatically not accept any cookies. However, please be aware that some features of the U•Seek service may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your U•Seek account. In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.
Pixel tags. A pixel tag is a transparent graphic image, sometimes called a clear GIF, web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed. In addition, a pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server.
We also automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device you use to access the U•Seek service. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your device (including its location) by its Device Identifier.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we collect about and from you for a variety of business purposes, including, for example, to deliver rewards, respond to your questions and requests; provide you with access to certain areas and features of the U•Seek service; communicate with you about your account and activities using the U•Seek service and changes to any of our policies; tailor content, advertisements, rewards and offers we serve you; improve the U•Seek service; to process applications and transactions, and for our internal business purposes. In addition, we may use your Personal Information for other purposes for which you otherwise provide your consent. We may also post on social networking or third party sites that you are using the U•Seek service.
If you provide us with any financial-related information to obtain products or services from third-party merchants through the U•Seek service, we will use the financial information you provide to bill you for those products and services. By submitting to us your credit card and related personal information, you are authorizing us to use that information, including by sharing it with the merchant and the credit card company, in order to confirm and fulfill your order. We will not otherwise use or distribute your financial information without your prior approval.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information, Usage Information and some personal information, with third parties. We may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
 
In addition, we may share your information in the following circumstances:
Connecting Your U•Seek Account to Facebook: If you have connected your U•Seek account to Facebook, we will share with Facebook information related to your use of the U•Seek service, such as the shows you have checked into and the rewards you redeem, and such information may be published on Facebook’s websites or services. You can choose to disable automatic publishing on Facebook of what you are watching or the rewards you are obtaining in your profile settings. Information shared to Facebook will be attributed to the Facebook account to which your U•Seek account is connected. Facebook’s use of such information and any information it collects from your use of or on its service is governed by Facebook’s privacy policy and U•Seek’s use of information is governed by this U•Seek Privacy Policy. You understand and agree that you need to consult both privacy policies to amend or delete personal information which has been provided to Facebook. If you do not wish for such use of data to take place, you should not connect your U•Seek account to Facebook and/or adjust your settings to deactivate such sharing. Information no longer shared on Facebook may continue to be publicly available to other U•Seek users (for example, using other U•Seek social features) or via the U•Seek service as otherwise described in this U•Seek Privacy Policy.
Display of Usage Information within the U•Seek Application: The U•Seek application is designed to help you share information with your friends and with the world. Much of the information you provide us, including Usage Information, is information you are asking us to make public. This includes not only activities in which you engage in the U•Seek application, but also the metadata associated with those activities, such as the time you engaged in those activities. This also includes the games you play, rewards you collect and redeem, rewards you purchase using your points, charities you choose to donate to, the logos/easter eggs you click on,  the people that you are a fan of, content you choose to post, and many other bits of information that result from your use of the Services. Our default is almost always to make this information, including Usage Information, public for as long as you do not delete it from the U•Seek application. However, we generally give you settings to make the information more private if you want. Your public information is broadly and instantly disseminated. For instance, your public user profile information may be shown in the Activity Feeds of other users. This Usage Information may be searchable by other users of the U•Seek application, even other users whom you may not know. When you engage in activities within the U•Seek application you should understand that this information will be public. You should think carefully about engaging in these activities since you are making this information public.
Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf. In order to carry out your requests, to make various features, services and materials available to you through the U•Seek service, and to respond to your inquiries, we may share your Personal Information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliates). These may include, for example, companies or individuals that host or operate the U•Seek service, analyze data or provide customer service; advertisers; merchants, sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions or provide marketing or promotional assistance (such as in connection with the U•Seek Rewards Program); and partners in co-branded sites or sites that state that they are “powered by” either us or third party partners. We may also use your Personal Information or share it with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers or other third parties to provide you with product information and promotional and other offers.
Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared. While using the U•Seek service, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party, including social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter. If you request products, services, or other information that may be offered by us or third-party merchants as part of the U•Seek service, or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information (including, if required, contact information, financial information (like account or credit card numbers)) will be disclosed to the third party and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.
Business Transfers. We may share your Personal Information with other entities and affiliates in the family of companies controlled by U•Seek for business and operational purposes. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, or assets related to the U•Seek service, Personal Information, Usage Information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the U•Seek service may be disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process and will be transferred, in whole or in part, to such entity as one of the transferred assets. If so, we will seek to obligate the acquiring entity to use any information transferred in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, but cannot guarantee that it will be able to impose that requirement or that the acquiring company will comply. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered one of our assets and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Legal Disclosure. In addition, we may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifier (including IP address), to third parties to comply with our legal obligations; when we believe that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce the U•Seek Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to the U•Seek service or the public.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you’re on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us, that website may send us your email address and other information so we can contact you as requested. If you choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website), you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personal Information such as lists of your friends, “likes”, comments you have shared, groups and location. We may also receive information about you if other users of a third party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections’” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service. We may also receive information about where you redeem your rewards. The information we collect about you through the U•Seek service may be supplemented with information from third parties in order to enhance the Services and your experience of them and to confirm the information that users provide to us. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information provided, unless we have disclosed otherwise.
YOUR CHOICE AND ACCESS
You may always request that we not share your Personal Information with third parties. In addition you may request that we not send you information or offers, or that we not send you push notifications, emails, newsletters, or other communications. To make any such request: (1) modify your account settings; (2) send us an email at support@useek.com; or (3) follow the removal instructions in the communication that you receive. Your opt-out request will be processed within 30 days of the date on which we receive it.
?To modify, verify or delete any of your Personal Information that we have collected, you may edit your account user information or contact us at the above email address. In addition, you can control how your profile is publicly displayed by changing your privacy settings.
?In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Personal Information you have submitted to us. We are under no obligation to store your Personal Information indefinitely, and we disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of your Personal Information. Please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without retaining some residual data because of backups and other reasons. Finally, please be aware that we do not control certain privacy settings and preferences maintained by our social media partners like Facebook and Twitter. If you wish to make changes to those settings and preferences, you may do so by visiting the settings page of the appropriate social media site.
ADVERTISING/BEHAVIORAL TARGETING; HOW TO OPT-OUT
In order to provide more relevant rewards to you, we use technology to serve rewards on the U•Seek service. We may also use third party analytics vendors to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the U•Seek service. We do not share Personal Information with these providers unless you have expressly authorized us to do so. However, like other service vendors, they may place and access cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies on your device, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including Usage Information. We and our partners may target rewards and services in which you might be interested based on your use of the U•Seek service, and visits to other websites. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by third party providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours.
REFERRAL PROGRAMS
We may allow you to refer friends to the U•Seek service via email and social networking platforms. If you refer a friend by email, we will collect the name and email addresses of proposed recipients to send the email on your behalf. We may also use your name and email address in order to identify you as the initiator of the email. Please inform your friends that we may send them emails on your behalf.
If you refer a friend via social networking platforms, you will be subject to the privacy policy and the terms and conditions of the specific social networking platform. Some social networking platforms enable functionality that allows a user to receive and transmit data to the social networking platform through use of overlays or other technology. Although it appears the data is collected by us, the data is in fact collected directly by the social networking platform. If you decide to use this functionality, the data to be transmitted will be collected directly by the social networking platform, and we do not receive, collect or use the information. Please note your social networking account settings, as those settings will affect how and with whom your posts, information and other content are shared.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take information security seriously, and we use reasonable security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your Personal Information. Please note, however, that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or that we store. You use the U•Seek service and provide us with your information at your own risk.
CHILDREN
Because protecting the privacy of young children is especially important, the U•Seek service is not directed to children under 13 aside from the yet to launch USEEK KIDS. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not use or access the U•Seek service at any time in any manner. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
EXTERNAL SITES
The U•Seek service may contain links to external third-party sites that we do not own or operate. This may include links from advertisers, sponsors and/or platform and content partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding or co-marketing agreement. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these third-party sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other sites may send their own cookies to your device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our services (including those linked to through an email or social networking page).
CONSENT TO PROCESSING AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
We operate the U•Seek service in the United States. Our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the U•Seek service, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change, add or delete information on the U•Seek service and/or this Privacy Policy, at any time without prior notice to you. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy on the U•Seek website and in the U•Seek app or by otherwise communicating to you. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy, and we encourage you to check back regularly for any changes, additions or deletions.
CONTACT US
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or your experience with the U•Seek service. Please contact support@useek.com.

Last updated July 14th, 2017 11:45










Useek Craftworks Co Ltd
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Useek Craftworks Co Ltd, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Useek Craftworks Co Ltd

Useek Craftworks Co.,limited exports to Leeber Limited U.s.a through the port of Seattle, Washington        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Useek Craftworks Co Ltd and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
 INTEL TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD
 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Useek Craftworks Co Ltd
Useek Craftworks Co.,limited exports to Leeber Limited U.s.a through the port of Seattle, Washington


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



USEEK CRAFTWORKS CO.,LIMITED
RM907,JQD290,WING TUCK COMMERCIAL  CENTRE,177-183 WING LOK ST         HONGKONG                           CHINA


LEEBER LIMITED
15 POLLARD ST                      RICHMOND HILL ON L4B 1A8           CANADA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers








LLC  PO NO.  ITEM NO.  TORONTO  CANADA  MADE 
IN CHINA  CTN NO.  QTY:
LLC  PO NO.  ITEM NO.  TORONTO  CANADA  MADE 
IN CHINA  CTN NO.  QTY:





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



OOLU3032289900


OOLU8367108
OOLU8367108


Product Description




SHADOW BOXES 

SHADOW BOXES 










Bill of LadingGBLICSYYZ080349 Arrival Date2008-03-23Weight (LB)8,725Weight (KG)3,966Quantity537 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.63EPort of LoadingCHING TAOPort of DischargeSEATTLE, WASHINGTONVessel NameOOCL FRANCECarrier CodeGBLICountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptQINGDAO,  CHINA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Useek Craftworks Co Ltd. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Useek Craftworks Co Ltd has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Useek Craftworks Co Ltd







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Useek Craftworks Co Ltd
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Shaoxing Gaoxuan Textile Co Ltd                                



                                    Zoefy (tianjin) Co., Ltd.                                



                                    Dunhua Sentai                                



                                    (1)solaris Paper Inc, 6700 Artesia                                



                                    Bega Special Tools Usa                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.1939
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















