


USGlass Magazine Product Information







home subscribe contact a sales manager request a media kitnews free e-newsletter




USGlass™ Magazine Product Information Request Service
You must solve the problem before you can submit your request. Go Back
USGlass™  is a registered trademark of Key Communications Inc. CLICK HERE to read our environmental policy.
Publisher does not accept responsibility for statements or claims made by advertising placed on this website.
All information published on this website is believed to be accurate.
No responsibility is assumed for losses incurred due to errors in text and/or graphic content.
Copyright © 2017  USGlass Magazine™. All rights reserved.
540-720-5584 (P) | 540-720-5687 (F) | info@usglassmag.com
No reproduction of any type without expressed written permission.




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















USGlass Magazine Product Information







home subscribe contact a sales manager request a media kitnews free e-newsletter




USGlass Magazine Product Information Request Service


Welcome Visitor

Are you a current USGlass subscriber?Enter your seven (7) digit subscriber ID number: 







INSTRUCTIONS: Check the advertisers that you would like to receive information from.  If your subscriber information is visible above, you can click the "Send Request" button below and your information will be automatically sent to the advertisers that you have selected. If you are a non-subscriber or a subscriber who is not recognized by our system, you will need to provide your contact information in the form below.
First:*Last:*Company:*Title:Address 1:*Address 2:City:*State:*Zip Code:*Country:*Phone:*Fax:Email:*Business Activity:*Choose One1000 Fabricator1100 Manufacturer2000 Contract Glazier/Glazing Subcontractor3000 Distributor/Wholesaler4000 Retailer/Detailer6000 Other* Required fields
By using this service and completing this form you agree to allow the publisher to contact you by phone, fax and/or email.
Index of Advertisers (Jul 17)
 Access Hardware Supply (AHS) - Exit Devices And Closers From ASSA ABLOY AGC Glass Company North America - Commercial And Residential Glass Solutions Aldora Glass Products - Seeking A Sales Representatives  Aluflam North America - Fire-Rated Aluminum Window And Door Systems Apex Aluminum Extrusions - Architectural Glazing System Azon USA Inc. - MLP™ - Structural Thermal Barrier Technology Bohle America - Solutions For The Glass Professional  Capital Tape - High Performance Tapes Deltarack USA - Transport & Handling Solutions dormakaba - MUTO Comfort - Manual Sliding Door System Dow Corning Corp. - Dow Corning Silicone Electronic Design to Market Inc. (EDTM) - Laminated Glass Detectors Ensinger Building Products - Insulbar® Profiles Ergo Robotic Solutions - Glass Handling Machines F. Barkow, Inc. - Glass Racks Frener & Reifer America - New President Marc Zimmer Glass Association of North America (GANA) - GANA Fall Conference Glass Association of North America (GANA) - Glass Tempering Video Series & Education Kit Glasshape North America - Certified Glass Solutions Glasswerks LA, Inc. - Jumbo Glass Products Up To 300" Great Lakes Lifting Solutions LLC - SmartLift Groves Inc. - Glass Handling Products Guardian Glass - Guardian CrystalBlue™  HHH Architectural Tempering - Glass Machinery IMPACT - North American Iron Workers/IMPACT JLM Wholesale Security Door Hardware - Security Door Hardware Wholesaler Kawneer - Architectural Systems, Entrances & Framing, Curtain Walls, Windows Lauren Manufacturing - Seal And Gasket Design Mapes Industries - Mapes Panels Quick Ship Program Midwest Wholesale Hardware - Storefront And Glass Door Hardware MyGlassTruck.com - Glass Racks For Pick-ups, Vans, Truck Bodies And Trailers Oldcastle BuildingEnvelope® - Full-Integrated Building Envelopes Petersen Aluminum - PAC-CLAD Corrugated Metal Pilkington North America - Pilkington Optiwhite™ And Pilkington OptiView™ Precision Glass Bending - Custom Fabricated Bent Glass - Architectural, Interior, Solar & Transport Applications PRL Glass Systems - Panic Devices Pulp Studio - Specialty And Decorative Glass SAFTIFirst Fire Rated Glazing Solutions™ - Clear Solution™ For Fire Resistive Floors Schodorf Truck & Body Equipment - Glass Truck Racks - Model L-20 And L-91 Scienstry Inc. - Switchable Projection Glass Security Lock Distributors - Door Hardware Supplier Sika Corporation - Sikaflex® 124 Mirror Grip Soft Tech America Inc. - Software For Custom/Modified And Standard Glazing Systems Southern Aluminum Finishing - Aluminum Sheet, Extrusions, Architectural Metal, Fabrication & Aluminum Finishing Strybuc Industries - Door And Window Hardware UNRUH Fab, Inc - Steel, Aluminum Or Stainless Glass Racks Vitro Architectural Glass (formerly PPG Glass) - Vitro Certified™ Network


Security Question: 6 X 2 = 





Please only click the send request button once. Selections may take a few seconds to process.


USGlass  is a registered trademark of Key Communications Inc. CLICK HERE to read our environmental policy. Publisher does not accept responsibility for statements or claims made by advertising placed on this website. All information published on this website is believed to be accurate. No responsibility is assumed for losses incurred due to errors in text and/or graphic content.
Copyright © 2017  USGlass Magazine. All rights reserved.
540-720-5584 (P) | 540-720-5687 (F) | info@usglassmag.com
No reproduction of any type without expressed written permission.













 




Home














U.S. GLASS, INC.LICENSE #847943





































Background photo of Zinkin Fresno.US Glass 2006



US Glass, Inc. rated in the Top 50 glaziers in the USA in Glass Magazine 2008!

USG is soon to be one of the few accredited NACC Firms on the West Coast!!












MISSION STATEMENTUS Glass, Inc. Strives To Provide The Most Comprehensive Glazing Solutions To Meet The Ever-Changing Demands Of Today'S Dynamic Building Envelopes. As The Demand For More Technically Oriented And Energy Efficient And Even Energy Producing Facades Grows, US Glass, Inc. Is There To Provide The Expertise To Design, Engineer, And Install Your Project.

EXPERTISECurtainwalls (Stick And Unitized), Storefronts, Windows, Entrance Systems, Point Supported Glass Walls, Glass Canopies, Sunshades, Skylights, Rain Screen Systems (Including Terra Cotta And Phenolic), Panels (Plate, Acm, Textured).

ABOUT U.S. GLASS INCThank You For Visiting Our Site To Learn About Our Company. We Are A Union Commercial Glazing Contractor Servicing All Of Northern California.  We Take Pride In Our Ability To Work With Owners, Architects And General Contractors To Deliver The Project They Envision, On Time And Within Budget.We Have Extensive Experience In: Commercial Office Buildings, Education And Research, Hospitals And Medical Office Buildings, Retail And Interiors, Airports, Museums, Mixed Use As Well As DOE And DOD Projects, Blast Systems, OSHPD, DSA, Design-Build, LEED Certification And Remedial Projects.In The Future, We Hope That We Can Be Your Commercial Glazing Contractor Of Choice, And Would Be Pleased To Assist You On Design, Budgets, Pre-Construction, Quotations And Value Engineering On Your Projects. 


HOME

SPOTLIGHT

UCD International Center

Marin General Hospital

Cal Aquatics



GALLERY

PRODUCTS

Glass

Panels

Entrances

Framing

Windows

Rain Screens

Sun Control



SERVICES

Design

Manufacturing

Installation

Interiors

Remediation

Budget/VE

CONTACT









1745 Enterprise BlvdWest Sacramento, CA 95691916-376-8801sales@usglassco.com

CONTACT

Copyright Š 2017 US GLASS, INC  ˇ  All Rights reserved  ˇ  WBM - admin@usglassco.com




































USGlass, Inc. (usglass0945) on Pinterest










































































PinterestSearch




USGlass, Inc.USGlass, Inc.4 Followers12 FollowingDelaware / USGlass, Inc. is a specialty glass marketer, distributor and manufacturer.facebookLog in with FacebookLog in with GoogleBoardsPins


USGlass Vases in Floral Arrangements9 PinsBeehive Vase Product Development15 PinsWellsburg Vase Line7 Pins










Oh no! Pinterest doesn't work unless you turn on JavaScript.







565395038ff50c3983f116498089e63f





Usglass Inc - Dallas, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Dallas



Pressed and Blown Glass, Nec



Manufacturing - Vases, Glass



                            Usglass Inc
                                    



 





























Usglass Inc
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2525 TURTLE CREEK BLVD 426 DALLAS, TX 75219
Get Directions



(972) 863-3228
https://www.pinterest.com/usglass0945/





Business Info



 Founded 2012
 Incorporated DE
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Manufacturing - Vases, Glass
 Contacts GENE BEM







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Markets, distributes and manufactures pressed and blown glass, specializing in vases since 2012.









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
VERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    8 - 16 - 2016
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        













VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















US GLASS & GLAZING, LLC


















						 Windows and Doors
					

						The Condominium Experts
					














							Interested in seeing what we can do for you? Call or email us to start the conversation.
						

							We offer a wide range of windows and doors to meet the hurricane impact requirements of coastal Florida and satisfy replacement design objectives.
						




OUR SERVICES


CONTACT US









					Expert Analysis. Stunning design and function.

						
					We identify and balance structural requirements. We offer a wide range of windows and doors to meet the hurricane impact requirements of coastal Florida and satisfy replacement design objectives. 
				











					Strategic Planning. See for yourself.


					Our services and products are available a la carte so you can get precisely what you want, when you want it and at an honest competitive price.  No hassle, run-around, double-talk nonsense.
				





					Profesional installation. Certified installers.


					Each door or window is is unique. If the one-size-fits-all approach doesn't work for you, contact us.
				











					Folding door systems. Wheelchair accessible.


					It meets all statewide building code requirements. Allows for wheelchair access to patio's. Perfect for condo living and beach front views. One day installation. Replaces existing Sliding Glass Doors. State Certified General Contractor, National Certifications for Fenestration and a ten year installation warranty.
				










				OUR SERVICES
			



						Lifetime Warranty 
					

PGT - PremireVue
WinDoor
Euro-Wall
Energy Star Rated
Sliding Glass Doors
Folding Glass Doors
Pocketing Glass Doors
French Patio Doors
Casement Windows



						Free Estimates
					

Sliding Windows
Double-Hung Windows
Single-Hung Windows
Picture Windows
Storefront Windows
Storefront Doors
Certified Installers
Installation Masters Graduates






						We minimize callbacks, we maximize quality
					

						We take our customers satisfaction very seriously. 
					






						Crafting designs to take you there
					

						Tell us your idea. We will make it happen.
					






						We identify and balance structural requirements with stunning design and function.
					

						Professional installations with certificated INSTALLATION MASTERS technicians.
					










					US Glass & Glazing, LLC began in 1990 as Barrett Contracting, Inc. (BCI), a family owned custom millwork business.
				



					In 1993  Andersen Window Corporation contracted BCI to provide warranty and repair from Key West to Biloxi.  The BCI team of accredited installers became certified with Andersen, Pella, Marvin, Peachtree, Zeluck, Tishler, MQ, EFCO, WinDoor, PGT, Euro-Wall and CWS windows and doors. 
				



					BCI has worked closely with leading Architects, Engineers and Manufacturers successfully designing fenestration details using the "whole building concept". 
				





					About US Glass
				

					BCI changed it's corporate name to US Glass & Glazing, LLC in December of 2013 and became a State Certified General Contractor (CGC1517830).  
				



					Mr. Barrett is a Nationally Certified Instructor and trade member of the American Architectural Manufacturers Association (AAMA) and INSTALLATION MASTERS.  Services include professional window and door installation, storefront and curtain wall installation, Thermal Imaging, ASTM 1103 Chamber Testing, Certified Engineering for Building Design Pressure, Consulting and Project Management.  Licensed and insured.
				












TESTIMONIALS










Amelia Island Condos


Oceans Three Condos


Flagler College


Peninsula Condos


Sea Dunes Condos


Lee Wasilewski





								Amelia Island Condos
							

								I would like to thank you and your firm for your professional assistance in completing our construction project. This project was a major undertaking involving repairs resulting from water intrusion in 230 units, removal and replacement of almost 2000 windows and replacing flashing and moisture protection around all apertures in 19 buildings. With your help as the primary contractor for most of the work, we were able to complete the work within a reasonable schedule, on budget, and with a minimum of problems. Your team did professional work, kept the premises accessible to the residents, kept the property free from construction debris and worked well with residents as well as the project team.
							

								In a day where overruns, sloppy work, poor service and conflict seem to be the norm, our experience was refreshingly free of those things. Once again, thank you for your help.
							
	
							V. Roach, Treasurer.
							



								Oceans Three Condos
							

								After all the time and troubles, I am told by my Aunt Marilyn that she loves the window. I understand that sometimes things just don't always work smoothly no matter how hard you try, but the end result is what matters the most. She also had high praise for your crew (crews) that made the difficult installation without inconveniencing her a lot. I look forward to seeing it myself soon.
							

								D. Fetner
							



								Ponce de Leon Building - Flagler College
							

								This is just a note to thank you for your continued efforts on our projects together. Over the past three years, we've installed somewhere in the neighborhood of 300 windows in the historic Ponce de Leon building at Flagler College. Your team of installers has been able to work in a historic structure and complete each project on schedule. I look forward to the next project with your firm.
							

								F. Rounsaville
							



								 Peninsula Condos
							

								My husband went to South Florida yesterday and decided to stop in Daytona this afternoon to see the windows. He is at our unit tonight. He called me and couldn't be happier with all the new doors and windows! He said in the master bedroom you could not hear any traffic noise anymore. He said it's very windy right now and in the living room....no sound! But when you go in the guest bedroom ocean side where you haven't gotten the new one in yet, he said you could hear a lot of wind noise.
	

The doors were amazing to him with their ease of use. He commented on how professional and neat everything your construction areas are. He called to thank me for doing the homework in selecting these windows and your company. So, I thought I would pass along the compliment, which actually goes to you!
							

								V. Hewatt
							



								Sea Dunes Condos
							

								Your company has done an excellent, diligent and conscientious job of correcting poor installation techniques and replacing various incompatible materials that have been used on our building.
							

								Jerry Seneker
							



								 This window has changed my life
							




Lee Wasilewski enjoying his balcony thanks to a accessible wheelchair window at Dimucci Twin Towers, Daytona Beach, Florida.
							





























