











UT Arlington Preferred, L.P. - Residential- Donato  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









UT Arlington Preferred, L.P.

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Capital Solutions, Inc. Suite 105 
    Blue Bell, PA, 19422Phone: 2155400505 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-17


New


$2,632,500


$2,632,500


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Fran Donato 
 Promoter 


 Nimish Sanghrajka 
 Promoter 


 Frank Seidman 
 Promoter 


 Jessica Starkey 
 Promoter 


 N/A Ut Arlington Preferred General, Llc 
 Executive 


 Jared Zeisler 
 Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














UT Arlington Preferred, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











UT Arlington Preferred, L.P.
List of persons related to the company UT Arlington Preferred, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of UT Arlington Preferred, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001690273IRS Number: 611805118Company address: C/O CAPITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. SUITE 105 BLUE BELL 19422Phone number: 2155400505



People related to UT Arlington Preferred, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryDonato  Fran910 Harvest Drive Suite 105Blue BellPASeidman  Frankc/o Capital Solutions, Inc. Suite 105Blue BellPAZeisler  Jaredc/o Capital Solutions, Inc. Suite 105Blue BellPAStarkey  Jessicac/o Capital Solutions, Inc. Suite 105Blue BellPASanghrajka  Nimish910 Harvest Drive Suite 105Blue BellPAN/A  UT Arlington Preferred General, LLCc/o Capital Solutions, Inc. 910 Harvest Drive, Suite 105Blue BellPA




UT Arlington Preferred, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesUT 2016, L.P., UT Cancer Institute Building LP, UT INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC, UTA Investors, LLC, UTA PLAZA INC., UTA, LLC, Utah Business Insurance, Inc., Utah Caskets Direct, Utah Film Investment Group, LLC, UTAH LITHOTRIPSY LP, Utah Model Investors, LLC, Utah Newco, Inc., Utah Operations Trust, Utah Secured Lender, LLC, Utah Street Labs, Inc.












 








 Marketing | 2011-2012 Graduate Catalog | The University of Texas at Arlington 














ďťż







Print This Page | Search


2011-2012 Graduate Catalog



Marketing
College of Business
 Chair Gregory Frazier
 Web www2.uta.edu/marketing/Phone 817.272.2876Fax 817.272.2854 234 Business BuildingDegrees / Certificates
Master’s Degrees
Marketing Research, M.S.
Doctoral Degrees
Marketing (Business Administration), Ph.D.
Graduate Faculty
Director
Robert Rogers, Graduate Advisor:
Marketing Research, M.S.
Professor
Lawrence Chonko
Carl McDaniel
Associate Professor
Gregory Frazier
Assistant Professor
Douglas Grisaffe
Jorge Jaramillo, Graduate Advisor:
Marketing (Business Administration), Ph.D.
Xueming Luo
Department Information
Courses

Objective: M.S. Program
Accreditation
Admissions

Unconditional Admission
Probationary Admission
Provisional and Deferred Admission
Admission Denial

Assistantships and Scholarships

New Students
Continuing Students

Degree Requirements
Marketing Research Internship
 
Objective: M.S. Program
The objective of the Master of Science in Marketing Research is to prepare qualified students for careers as managers in marketing research, marketing planning, product/brand management, and related fields. Students are exposed to a range of coursework related to the theory and practice of marketing research. In addition, courses in information systems and management science focus on the latest theory and practice in those areas relevant to marketing research. Students are required to participate in an internship program.
Accreditation
The Ph.D. and Master of Science degree in Marketing Research degrees are accredited by the AACSB International - The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business.
Admissions
Admission to the M.S. in Marketing Research (MSMR) program is based upon the completion of the general admission requirements of the Graduate School. For MSMR program admission a score on the Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) or the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) and record of undergraduate (and post-graduate, if applicable) academic performance are required. The GMAT is strongly preferred. Students for whom English is not their native language must also take the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), TOEFL iBT, Test of Spoken English (TSE) or International English Language Testing System (IELTS) as specified below. International applicants who score below minimum acceptable levels on these entrance examinations may be admitted under the condition that they pass an English proficiency exam or complete UT Arlington's Graduate English Skills Program prior to beginning graduate coursework.
Applicants are encouraged to submit with their application a resume that highlights career objectives, professional and personal accomplishments, computer expertise, and leadership experience. Applicants with two to five years of experience are preferred, though postgraduate work experience is not a requirement for admission. A standardized test score (GMAT or GRE) will not be used as the sole criterion or the primary criterion for approving or the primary criterion for denying an applicant's admission to the MSMR program.
A decision to admit unconditionally is made based on the totality of information listed below, and not on any single factor alone.

An undergraduate grade point average (GPA) of 3.25 on a 4.0 scale, as calculated by the Graduate School, is typical of a successful candidate. The grade point average is calculated on your undergraduate degree using approximately the last 60 hours. A graduate grade point average is used in the index when it is a 3.0 or above and based on at least 24 hours. This will be integrated into a formula or index that multiplies the GPA by 200 and adds the resulting value to the GMAT Score. An index score greater than 1200 is typical of a successful candidate.
Either the GMAT or the GRE will be considered for an admission decision. Both Quantitative and Verbal percentiles above the 50th percentile indicate the ability to be successful in the MSMR program.
International applicants must submit a score of at least 550 on the paper-based TOEFL, a score of at least 213 on the computer-based TOEFL, a minimum score of 40 on the TSE, a minimum score of 6.5 on the IELTS, or a minimum TOEFL iBT total score of 79 with sectional scores that meet or exceed 22 for the writing section, 21 for the speaking section, 20 for the reading section, and 16 for the listening section to meet this requirement.
Grades in specified undergraduate business and non-business courses (math, accounting, economics, statistics, for example)
Educational objectives and quality of written expression of the 200 word application essay.
Letters of recommendation from three persons familiar with the applicant's academic background and/or work experience who can assess the applicant's potential success in graduate school.
A personal interview in person or by telephone.
General and specific program accreditation status of degree-granting institution.
Professional work experience.
Professional certification or licensure.

 
Unconditional Admission
For unconditional admission, the applicant's composite total from the index must be 1200 or higher, and items 1 through 10 above should strongly indicate potential for successful academic performance as an MSMR student. If an applicant falls below the GMAT Verbal percentile of 50 and/or the GMAT Quantitative percentile of 50, corroborating evidence of proficiency in that skill will be reviewed.
There is no equivalent index created using GRE scores. For students submitting the GRE, for unconditional admission, GRE Verbal and Quantitative percentiles should be above the 40thpercentile, and items 1 through 10 above should strongly indicate potential for success in the MSMR program.
Students who are unconditionally admitted must have a minimum undergraduate grade point average of 3.00 as calculated by the Graduate School (or 3.00 at the graduate level), and enroll for a minimum of six semester credit hours to be eligible for available fellowship and/or scholarship support. A standardized test score will not be used as the sole criterion or the primary criterion for determining fellowship and/or scholarship eligibility.
Probationary Admission
For an applicant with an index score below 1200, probationary admission may be available when items of 1 through 10 above strongly indicate potential for successful academic performance as an MSMR student. When GMAT Verbal or Quantitative percentiles are below the 50th percentile, probationary admission may be available. For applicants submitting the GRE as part of the application for admission, when GRE verbal or Quantitative percentiles are below the 50th percentile, probationary admission may be available. Students admitted on probationary status for low verbal or quantitative percentiles must satisfactorily complete one or more English and/or math courses in the first two semesters as specified by the Graduate Advisor. Students who are admitted on probation must meet the conditions specified, such as no grade less than 'B' for the first 12 hours of graduate study and any required undergraduate course.
Provisional and Deferred Admission
A provisional decision to admit may be granted when the applicant meets criteria for unconditional or probationary status but one or more applicant credentials are incomplete. A deferred decision may be made when an applicant's file is not sufficiently complete to make an admit or deny decision.
Admission Denial
For an applicant who does not meet minimum acceptable scores on the GMAT or GRE, and other evidence indicates lack of potential for academic success as a graduate information systems student, admission will be denied. However, all applicant data will be carefully reviewed before an admission denial is made.
Assistantships and Scholarships
1. Graduate assistantships may be offered to outstanding applicants, using funds provided through the College of Business Administration, based on the unconditional admission criteria listed above. Nominations made by director.
2. MSMR scholarships: Funds provided by the member firms on the MSMR Advisory Board may support competitive scholarships to students admitted to the MSMR program.
New Students

Pending funds availability, scholarships may be awarded to new MSMR students entering the program to study full-time (i.e., at least 9 graduate hours) in the fall or spring semesters. (Students who enter in the summer term are considered to be new students in the fall semester for purposes of scholarship award.)

 
Continuing Students

Pending funds availability, scholarships may be awarded to continuing students in the fall semester based on a rank ordering of eligible students.


Degree Requirements
The program is designed primarily for students who have earned a Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) degree (or equivalent). For this student, the program consists of a minimum of 36 semester hours. Students who do not have a BBA may have to take additional foundation coursework (up to 21 semester hours) to acquire sufficient general business knowledge for effective performance as a marketing research professional. Foundation courses may be waived if equivalent coursework has been completed with a grade of B or better. Applicants are encouraged to complete deficiency requirements prior to applying or at the beginning of their studies. College courses in business math (including probability and set theory, linear equations, matrix algebra, compound interest, annuities, and differential and integral calculus), business statistics, and computers (including general topics, spreadsheets and word processing and electronic communications) may be taken prior to entry in the program.
The minimum advanced program of 36 semester hours contains 30 hours of marketing courses plus six hours of actual marketing research field work and the 1-hour Professional Development Seminar. The required curriculum is as follows:

Foundation Courses (21 semester hours)
    
ACCT 5301 Accounting Analysis I (Financial)
ACCT 5302 Accounting Analysis II (Managerial)
ECON 5311 Economic Analysis II (Micro & Macro)
MARK 5311 Marketing
MANA 5312 Management
FINA 5311 Business Financial Management
STAT 5325 Advanced Statistical Methods

Advanced Courses (37 semester hours)
    
MARK 5320 Buyer Behavior and Creative Problem Solving
MARK 5327 Research for Marketing Decisions
MARK 5328 Product Management
MARK 5343 Advanced Research Analysis I
MARK 5344 Advanced Research Analysis II
MARK 5337 Marketing Information Management
MARK 5338 Qualitative Research
MARK 5340 Marketing Strategy
MARK 5399 Advanced Topics in Marketing Research
MARK 5396 Marketing Research Internship I
MARK 5397 Marketing Research Internship II
MARK 6305 Marketing Models I


 
Marketing Research Internship
The Marketing Research Internship (MARK 5396 and MARK 5397) comprises 24 weeks of paid, full-time work experience in either a marketing research company or a corporate marketing research department. Sponsoring companies will be approved by the marketing research program advisor. During the internship, the student will have primary responsibility for at least one marketing research study. At the completion of the internship, the student will present a paper to the graduate faculty summarizing his or her internship experiences and the results of the research study. In special situations, and with the approval of the program advisor, a one-year, part-time internship may be substituted for the full-time internship.

Please Note:
The grade of R (research in progress) is a permanent grade; completing course requirements in a later semester cannot change it. To receive credit for an R-graded course, the student must continue to enroll in the course until a passing grade is received.
An incomplete grade (the grade of I) cannot be given in a course that is graded R, nor can the grade of R be given in a course that is graded I. To receive credit for a course in which the student earned an I, the student must complete the course requirements. Enrolling again in the course in which an I was earned cannot change a grade of I. At the discretion of the instructor, a final grade can be assigned through a change of grade form.
Three-hour thesis courses and three- and six-hour dissertation courses are graded R/F/W only (except social work thesis courses.) The grade of P (required for degree completion for students enrolled in thesis or dissertation programs) can be earned only in six- or nine-hour dissertation courses and nine-hour thesis courses. In the course listings below, R-graded courses are designated either “Graded P/F/R” or “Graded R.” Occasionally, the valid grades for a course change. Students should consult the appropriate graduate advisor or instructor for valid grade information for particular courses. (See also the sections titled “R” Grade, Credit for Research, Internship, Thesis or Dissertation Courses and Incomplete Grade in this catalog.)Courses (MARK)MARK5139 – PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT SEMINAR1 Lecture Hour  ·  0 Lab HoursThis course exposes Master of Science in Marketing Research students to the wide variety of career opportunities available within the marketing research industry. It provides students with information, awareness, tactics and practice in conducting a professional employment search and a professional interview, as well as handling offer negotiations. It should be taken in the final year of course work. (Graded on a Pass/Fail basis). MARK5142 – ADVANCED TOPICS IN MARKETING RESEARCH1 Lecture Hour  ·  0 Lab HoursPresentation and analysis of cutting edge topics in marketing research. MARK5182 – INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN MARKETING1 Lecture Hour  ·  0 Lab HoursExtensive analysis of a marketing topic. MARK5199 – GRADUATE MARKETING INTERNSHIP1 Lecture Hour  ·  0 Lab HoursPractical training in marketing. Analysis of theory applied to real life situations. Course counts as an elective and has a pass/fail grade. No credit will be given for previous experience or activities. Prerequisite: Minimum nine graduate semester hours completed. MARK5282 – INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN MARKETING2 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursExtensive analysis of a marketing topic. MARK5299 – GRADUATE MARKETING INTERNSHIP2 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursPractical training in marketing. Analysis of theory applied to real life situations. Course counts as an elective and has a pass/fail grade. No credit will be given for previous experience or activities. Prerequisite: Minimum nine graduate semester hours completed. MARK5311 – MARKETING3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursSurvey of activities involved in marketing. Emphasis is on developing a managerial point of view in planning and evaluating marketing decisions of the firm. Analyzes decisions with respect to products, price, channel, and promotional variables and considers questions relating to cost efficiency, demand, social responsibility and regulations. MARK5320 – BUYER BEHAVIOR3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursMarketing begins and ends with the customer. This course introduces students to the study of consumer behavior. It is taught from the perspective of a marketing consultant who requires knowledge of consumer behavior in order to create, implement, and evaluate effective marketing strategies for clients. The course examines many concepts and theories from the behavioral sciences and analyzes their value in crafting marketing strategies. The course combines lecture and discussion of research based literature, both of which are aimed at providing an in-depth understanding of customer marketplace behavior with a focus on application to consumption and marketing decision making situations. Prerequisite: MARK 5311. MARK5326 – INTEGRATED MARKETING COMMUNICATION3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursA managerial approach to coordinating all promotional activities, including direct marketing, advertising, sales promotion, personal selling, public relations, publicity and packaging to produce a unified market-focused message. Message development, placement and timing are examined within the context of the role each type of promotion plays in marketing strategy development. Additional topics examined include media definition and analysis, the communication process, legal and ethical considerations, and budgeting. Prerequisite: MARK 5311. MARK5327 – RESEARCH FOR MARKETING DECISIONS3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursOverview of information needs of the marketing decision-maker. Emphasis on methods and techniques that may be employed for the collection and analysis of primary data. Major topics include design of research projects, generating primary data, questionnaire design, samplings for survey research, experimental design, controlling data collection, and data analysis. Prerequisites: MARK 5311 and STAT 5301. MARK5328 – PRODUCT MANAGEMENT3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursManagement of the firm's product or service offerings. Topics include new product development, new product screening, evaluation of existing products, product line and mix analysis, product abandonment decisions, the brand manager's role, the new product planning department, and others. Emphasis on the development of meaningful criteria for decision-making in the product area and on the development of information systems to suggest, screen, and monitor products. Prerequisite: MARK 5327. MARK5329 – SALES AND SALES MANAGEMENT3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursExamines the skills required for successful personal selling and sales management in today's world, with emphasis on industrial markets. Discusses the links between business trends and the resulting need for new approaches to the sales management challenges of planning, implementing, and evaluating a sales program. Special topics include the strategic importance of the sales force, customer/supplier partnering, multi-function collaboration, technology's role in altering traditional customer-access channels, the organization of the sales function for profitability vs. revenue, and the development of effective major account strategies. MARK5330 – SERVICES MARKETING MANAGEMENT3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursExamines conceptual frameworks and management practices particularly relevant to organizations in service industries, including health care, education, financial services, retailing, non-profit organizations, and others in which the core product is a service instead of a good. The course examines many concepts and theories from the service marketing industry and analyzes their value in crafting marketing strategies. Emphasis is on problem solving unique to these types of organizations. Prerequisite: MARK 5311. MARK5331 – INTERNATIONAL MARKETING3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursManagement of marketing in international business. Includes marketing research, pricing, promotion, and distribution in the international environment. Examines marketing problems arising from various degrees of foreign involvement (exports, licensing, foreign subsidiaries). Prerequisite: MARK 5311. MARK5332 – BUSINESS-TO-BUSINESS MARKETING3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursMarketing strategies for businesses targeting other businesses. Included are frameworks for analysis of marketing opportunities. Business-to-business e-commerce is examined. Prerequisite: MARK 5311. MARK5334 – STRATEGIC INTERNET MARKETING3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursThrough theoretical investigation, brainstorming, and case analysis, students develop the skills and strategies that are necessary for effective marketing via electronic media. With particular emphasis on Internet-based media, topics include developing an online corporate identity, online market research, interactive and database Web site strategies, creating and maintaining Web site content, proactive marketing tactics, analysis of Web site statistics, measuring online marketing results, and development of a strategic Internet marketing plan. Prerequisite: MARK 5311. MARK5335 – RETAILING, FRANCHISING, AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursCourse offers exposure to elements of retail management, franchising, and entrepreneurship, including planning, promotion, pricing, and merchandising. Prerequisite: MARK 5311. MARK5337 – MARKETING INFORMATION MANAGEMENT3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursCourse focuses on various types of marketing data bases and computer-based research systems designed for the collection, storage, usage, and reporting of disaggregated data. Topics include single-source data, geodemographics, and micro-merchandising systems. Case studies and data analysis projects are utilized. Prerequisite: MARK 5327. MARK5338 – QUALITATIVE RESEARCH3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursExamines the nature of qualitative research and its growing value to the marketing research community. The role of focus group interviewing, types of focus groups and their conduct are extensively explored. Other topics include depth interviewing, projective techniques, observational research, the delphi method, environmental forecasting and futuring. Prerequisite: MARK 5327. MARK5340 – MARKETING STRATEGY3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursA case course designed to give the student an opportunity to utilize the managerial and analytical tools that he or she has acquired. Uses case studies which require a realistic diagnosis of company problems, development of alternative courses of action, and the formulation of specific recommendations. Prerequisite: MARK 5311 and six hours of advanced marketing coursework. MARK5342 – ADVANCED TOPICS IN MARKETING RESEARCH3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursPresentation and analysis of cutting edge topics in marketing research. Prerequisite: consent of Program Director. MARK5343 – ADVANCED RESEARCH ANALYSIS I3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursFocuses on problems of data analysis in marketing research. Introduces the concept of multivariate data and emphasizes application of core statistical techniques including factor analysis, multiple regression, discriminant analysis and logistic regression. Also covered are cluster analysis and ratings based conjoint analysis. Application of statistical software is stressed including interpretation of statistical output. Prerequisite MARK 5327 or equivalent. MARK5344 – ADVANCED RESEARCH ANALYSIS II3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursAdvanced Research Analysis II - Continues from 5343 on problems of data analysis in marketing research. Advanced multivariate applications include MANOVA (Multivariate analysis of variance), multidimensional scaling and correspondence analysis, choice based conjoint studies, confirmatory factor analysis, and structural equations modeling. Application of appropriate statistical software is emphasized including the interpretation of statistical outputs. Prerequisite: MARK 5343. MARK5382 – INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN MARKETING3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursExtensive analysis of a marketing topic. MARK5396 – MARKETING RESEARCH INTERNSHIP I3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursThe internship involves part-time or full-time training and work experience in a company approved by the MSMR program advisor. MARK5397 – MARKETING RESEARCH INTERNSHIP II3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursThis is a continuation of Internship I and involves part-time or full-time work experience in a company approved by the MSMR program advisor. The student will be assigned primary responsibility for at least one marketing research project during Internship I or II. At the completion of the course, the student will present a research paper to the MSMR faculty. MARK5398 – THESIS3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursPrerequisite: STAT 5325 and approval of Graduate Advisor. MARK5399 – GRADUATE MARKETING INTERNSHIP3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursPractical training in marketing. Analysis of theory applied to real life situations. Course counts as an elective and has a pass/fail grade. No credit will be given for previous experience or activities. Prerequisite: Minimum nine graduate semester hours completed. MARK5698 – THESIS6 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursPrerequisite: STAT 5325 and approval of Graduate Advisor. MARK6302 – CONSUMER BEHAVIOR I3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursStudy of current thought and research underlying individual and group marketplace behavior. Theories from the behavioral sciences are applied to consumer behavior from descriptive, predictive and normative perspectives. Topics include consumer knowledge, attitude theory, persuasion, affect, and social influence. The course draws from the literature in marketing, psychology, and behavioral economics. The course will enable students to conceptualize, operationalize, and develop research ideas. MARK6303 – CONSUMER BEHAVIOR II3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursThis course complements the Consumer Behavior I doctoral seminar. Building on a portion of that seminar, the course focuses on a few topics (e.g. automaticity in consumer behavior, consumer choice processes) that have the following characteristics: 1) the topics are the subjects of emerging research in consumer behavior, 2) students can gain an in-depth understanding of the theoretical underpinnings of these topics, and 3) the materials are such that students can develop innovative research projects on marketing and consumer behavior related to the topics covered in the class. Prerequisite MARK 6302. MARK6305 – MARKETING MODELS I3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursStudy of basic models of market and consumer behavior with particular attention to the use of classical statistical methods such as ordinary and generalized least squares, factor analysis, discriminant analysis and correspondence analysis, cluster analysis, and canonical correlation. Applications include perceptual mapping, multiattribute modeling, conjoint analysis, and product planning models. Prerequisite: STAT 5325. MARK6310 – MARKETING STRATEGY AND MANAGEMENT3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursExamination of the latest research and thought in marketing and business strategy. Topics include marketing programming; product, price, promotion, and distribution decisions, marketing audits, and the design, implementation and evaluation of marketing strategies and tactics. An objective of the course is the development of innovative research ideas on marketing strategy related to the topics covered in the class. MARK6311 – MARKETING STRATEGY AND MANAGEMENT II3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursIn increasingly global and competitive markets, sustainable competitive advantage takes on increasing importance. Further, in many industries, product differentiation no longer provides a decisive edge over competition. This course complements the Marketing Strategy and Management I doctoral seminar. Building on a portion of that seminar, the course focuses on a few topics ( e.g. transformation of a product-centric organization to a customer centric organization, organizational change, organizational agility, and technology-enabled relationship management) that will allow students to examine areas of emerging research in marketing strategy, gain an in-depth understanding of the theoretical underpinnings of the selected topics, and develop innovative research projects on marketing strategy related to the topics covered in the class. Prerequisite MARK 6310. MARK6327 – ADVANCED MARKETING RESEARCH METHODS3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursMajor topics include design of research projects, generating primary data, questionnaire design, sampling for survey research, experimental design, controlling data collection, and data analysis. Coverage of scientific techniques for collecting and analyzing data; includes research paradigms, measurement, and design. Emphasis on theory and application of survey research including classical test theory, item response theory, sampling, questionnaire construction, validity and reliability assessment and data reduction. MARK6331 – ADVANCED GLOBAL MARKETING THEORY3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursExamines the antecedents and consequences of global marketing. Includes the politics of global marketing, emerging global strategies, the latest concepts of market entry and development, and global marketing performance and evaluation. MARK6390 – TOPICS IN MARKETING3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursAdvanced doctoral level work in special topics in marketing. May be repeated when topics vary. MARK6392 – INDEPENDENT STUDY IN MARKETING3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursDoctoral level analysis of marketing topic. Courses (BCOM)BCOM5375 – ADVANCED BUSINESS COMMUNICATION THEORY & PRACTICE3 Lecture Hours  ·  0 Lab HoursExamines theory of effective oral and written communication. Discusses techniques for improved research, report writing and presentation. Also stresses presentation media and computer graphics for reports and presentations. 


Home
Degree Requirements
Fields of Study

School of Architecture
College of Business

Accounting
Business Administration
Economics
Finance and Real Estate
Health Care Administration
Information Systems & Operations Management
Management
Marketing

College of Education and Health Professions
College of Engineering
College of Liberal Arts
College of Nursing
College of Science
School of Social Work
School of Urban and Public Affairs

Admissions Requirements & Procedures
General Information & Regulations
Graduate Calendar
Graduate Faculty
Table of Contents
Index





ďťż
Published in June of 2011  |  This catalog supersedes the 2010-2011 Graduate Catalog
 
The University of Texas at Arlington Office of Graduate Studies
Box 19167, Arlington, Texas 76019, USA  |  Phone 817.272.2688  |  Fax 817.272.1494
©2011 The University of Texas at Arlington






        Microsoft SQL Server 2005 - UT Arlington Office of Information Technology
    













Skip to main content



Office of Information Technology (OIT)

 • Search:    OIT  UT Arlington  




helpdesk@uta.edu ·  Work Order · 817-272-2208 · System Status

We are your IT partner!





UT Arlington > 
    		OIT Home > 
	    		Client Services > 
	    		Desktop Software  > 
	    		Microsoft > 
	    		$_EscapeTool.xml($crumb.getChild("display-name").value) > 
	
        


Client Services

Help Desk Hours
Request IT Help

Organization

Team Structure

User Guides

Windows
Mac OS X
Mobile Devices
Unix & Linux



E-mail
File Storage & Sharing
Hardware
Network Connectivity
Personal Backup
Printing
Security
SharePoint
Software
Web Publishing

Client Services Groups

Business Colaboration
Help Desk
Desktop
Computer Labs
Statistical Services
Training








OIT


Computers
Accounts
Services
About OIT
Policy
Working Off-Campus

Information & Services for

Students
Faculty/Staff
Departments




Microsoft SQL Server 2005
Last Review: 
                Available To: Currently Enrolled UT Arlington StudentsFaculty (currently appointed) and StaffDepartments and Offices at UT ArlingtonVendor: MicrosoftProduct: SQL ServerVersion: 2005/9Standard Software Supported By: LabsOIT Support Levels: MinimalFunction: SQL database serverSystem Requirements: Minimal RequirementsBase OS: WindowsOS Version: XP SP2Processor: Pentium - 500 MHzRAM: 256 MBHard Disk Total Size: 10 GBAdditional Hard Disk Space Needed: 2 GBSystem Requirements: OIT RequiredBase OS: WindowsOS Version: XP SP3Processor: Pentium 4  or higherRAM: 512 MB (1 GB preferred)Hard Disk Total Size: 40 GBHow to Get: This product is not a current product and is generally unavailable







Office of Information Technology, Box 19318, Arlington, Texas 76019-0318 Phone 817-272-2208 | Fax 817-272-2063 Do you have any questions about this site? E-mail us.
© 2017 The University of Texas at Arlington. All rights reserved.











UT Arlington Job Posting - Applications Support Specialist | The University of Texas at Arlington














Skip to Main Content
 
 



              UT Direct Help
            



              Logoff
            












 
 




Select the type of search to perform:

any word
all words
exact phrase

Enter a search term:



 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
	                        Job Search
                           
 
 
 
 

 
                              My Application
                             

 
 
 
 

 
                              Jobs I've Applied For
                             

 
 
 
 

 
                              Resources
                             

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The University of Texas at Arlington Job Posting
 


 
 









Return to job search
                    
                


                 
                
            


                            This posting is Closed
                        



Switch to mobile view



Applications Support Specialist - Application Support Specialist

Hiring department
Student Enrollment AVP



                        Monthly salary
                    

                         
                            $2,920+ depending on qualifications
                        

                        
                    



Hours per week

                     40.00 Standard from  800AM to  500PM
                


Posting number

                    11-12-13-01-9835
                


Job Status
Closed


FLSA status
Exempt


Earliest Start Date
Immediately


Position Duration
Funding expected to continue


Position open to
all applicants


Location
Arlington, TX


Number of vacancies
1



General Notes


                    None provided
                


Required Application Materials


A Resume is required in order to apply
A Letter of Interest is required in order to apply.
A List of 3 References is required in order to apply.




Additional Information


Purpose


                    Works with multiple IT teams and the Student Enrollment Services division departments to develop,maintain,and enhance division business software product applications.Responsible for gathering business requirements and the upgrade of and on-going support for software and applications.
                



Essential Functions


                    
                        Review, analyze and modify systems including coding, testing, de-bugging, installing to support software applications. Define and analyze information technology needs and modify existing software, systems, and /or processes. Create technical specifications and detailed software design documentation.  Design, code, test and install complex computer programs.  Perform data mapping, conversion testing and end-user documentation. Conduct process analysis and draft conceptual design. Assess impact of application upgrades and proved proposals for effective application. Troubleshoot reported problems pertaining to application software.
                    
                



Marginal/Incidental functions


                    
                        Other functions as assigned.
                    
                



Required qualifications


                    
                        60 credit hours of university or college with coursework in computing, information systems or related field. 6 months experience with a proficient understanding of relational database, client-server concepts, and computer programming, understanding of all phases of the application development life cycle and strong MS Office skills (Word/Excel).  Applicants must include in their online resume the following information: 1)Employment history: name of company, period employed (from month/year to month/year), job title, summary of job duties and 2) Education: list school name, degree type, major, graduated or not, and hours completed if not graduated.
                        Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate.
                    
                



Preferred Qualifications


                    Certifications in supported technologies.  Excellent organization, teamwork, problem-solving and communication (verbal and written)skills.  Ability to work well with people in all levels of the organization.  Knowledge and/or experience with Oracle Student Administration Campus Solutions business management software, Ad Astra Room Scheduling system, Image Now document imagining systems, and SQL coding desired.
                



Working conditions


                    
                        
                            May work around standard office conditions
                        
                            Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
                        
                            Use of manual dexterity
                        
                            Climbing of stairs
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                        Security Sensitive job; criminal background check conducted.
                    
                





                        
                            The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement
                            System of Texas (TRS), subject to the
                            position being at least 20 hours per week and at least
                            135 days in length.
                        
                    

                        The University of Texas at Arlington is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, disabilities, veteran status, or sexual orientation. All positions at the University require a Criminal Background Check. Employment offers are contingent upon the results of the Criminal Background Check. UT Arlington is a tobacco free campus.        
                    






Return to job search
                    






Return to top of page
 
 
 








Comments to: Employment InformationOffice of Human Resources Management and Development For questions or concerns regarding equal opportunity only, contact Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action OfficeFor more job information, call Employment Services at (817) 272-3461.

 

Sitemap
  


Administrative Applications
Computing and Technology




Finances
Personal Info




Working at UT



      The University of Texas at Arlington


 






UT Direct Comments
Web Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility

©The University of Texas at Arlington 2011
 
 
 
 








University of Texas - Arlington (UT Arlington) - Course Hero












































Find Study Resources

 Main Menu
by School

by Subject

by Book

Literature Study Guides
Infographics



Get Instant Tutoring Help

 Main Menu
Ask a Tutor a Question


Use Flashcards

 Main Menu
View Flashcards

Create Flashcards


Earn by Contributing

 Main Menu
Earn Free Access

Upload Documents

Write Course Advice

Refer Your Friends

Earn Money

Upload Documents

Create Q&A Pairs

Become a Tutor

Scholarships














Find
                        Study Resources 





by School


by Subject


by Book



Literature Study Guides


Infographics










Get Instant
                        Tutoring Help 





Ask a Tutor a Question








Use
                        Flashcards 





View Flashcards


Create Flashcards








Earn by
                        Contributing 





                                                            Earn Free AccessLearn More >


Upload Documents


Write Course Advice


Refer Your Friends


                                                            Earn MoneyLearn More >


Upload Documents


Create Q&A Pairs


Become a Tutor


                                                            ScholarshipsLearn More >






Are you an educator?
Log in
Sign up 








Home


Schools


UT Arlington






* We aren't endorsed by this school




University of Texas - Arlington (UT Arlington) **
School Info 
University of Texas - Arlington (UT Arlington) has 206 departments in Course Hero with 23,046 documents, 650 answered questions,  and 13 flashcard sets.




Arlington, Texas


http://www.uta.edu/uta/


Application





Enrolled Students:
 39,740


Enrolled Undergraduates:
 29,883


Acceptance Rate:
69%


Source
								National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015. Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented.




* We aren't endorsed by this school




 


Popular Departments


EE

1,388 Documents 8 Q&As 5 Advice 


BIOL

1,276 Documents 4 Q&As 30 Advice 


INSY

1,172 Documents 12 Q&As 7 Advice 


NURS

1,039 Documents 54 Q&As 39 Advice 


CSE

1,070 Documents 6 Q&As 26 Advice 


MAE

1,002 Documents 14 Advice 







Find your department








All Departments (206)
'{[deptFilter.toUpperCase()]}' Departments ({[filteredDepartments.length]})


All
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9








A&P 1

19 Documents 


ACC

15 Documents 


ACCOUNTING

158 Documents 1 Q&A 5 Advice 


ACCT

661 Documents 44 Q&As 13 Advice 


ACCT, ECON

2 Documents 1 Advice 


ADVANCED E

1 Document 


ADVT

10 Documents 1 Advice 


AE

74 Documents 


AERO

1 Document 


AEROSPACE

27 Documents 1 Advice 


ALL

81 Documents 


AMS

13 Documents 


ANIMAL  PH

13 Documents 


ANS

1 Document 


ANTH

59 Documents 1 Q&A 4 Advice 


ANTHRO

7 Documents 


ARCH

87 Documents 6 Advice 


ARCMAP

2 Documents 


ART

81 Documents 3 Q&As 22 Advice 


ART HISTOR

3 Documents 4 Advice 


ARTS

8 Documents 


ASTR

17 Documents 


ASTRONOMY

58 Documents 


BCMN

1 Document 1 Advice 


BCOM

127 Documents 3 Q&As 5 Advice 


BE

11 Documents 1 Advice 


BEEP

24 Documents 


BIO

194 Documents 9 Advice 


BIO 206L

3 Documents 1 Advice 


BIOL

1,276 Documents 4 Q&As 4 Flashcards 30 Advice 


BIOLGY

30 Documents 


BIOLOGY

496 Documents 2 Q&As 2 Flashcards 17 Advice 


BIOM

8 Documents 


BLAW

360 Documents 2 Q&As 6 Advice 


BME

7 Documents 


BRAIN & BE

27 Documents 


BSAD

10 Documents 


BSTAT

353 Documents 75 Q&As 5 Advice 


BUS

44 Documents 1 Advice 


BUSA

139 Documents 


BUSINESS

151 Documents 7 Q&As 


BUSINESS L

8 Documents 1 Advice 


BUSSINESS 

14 Documents 2 Advice 


CALC

30 Documents 1 Q&A 6 Advice 


CC

1 Document 


CE

184 Documents 4 Q&As 1 Advice 


CELL PHYSI

5 Documents 


CH

21 Documents 10 Q&As 


CH 318N

15 Documents 


CHEM

682 Documents 32 Q&As 28 Advice 


CHEMISTRY

302 Documents 5 Q&As 6 Advice 


CHUTIYAP

2 Documents 


CIVIL

74 Documents 3 Q&As 1 Advice 


CIVIL ENGI

17 Documents 2 Advice 


COMM

35 Documents 1 Q&A 4 Advice 


COMMUNICAT

11 Documents 


COMPUTER S

53 Documents 1 Advice 


COMS

100 Documents 2 Q&As 6 Advice 


CRCJ

26 Documents 5 Advice 


CRIMINOLOG

23 Documents 8 Advice 


CS

42 Documents 


CSCI

1 Q&A 


CSE

1,070 Documents 6 Q&As 26 Advice 


CTEC

9 Documents 2 Q&As 1 Advice 


DEVELOPMEN

3 Documents 1 Q&A 


DFGDFGDFG

4 Documents 


DHCAL

1 Document 


DYNAMICS

15 Documents 


E

4 Documents 


E M

1 Document 


ECON

936 Documents 22 Q&As 32 Advice 


ECON 2305

1 Document 


ECONOMICS

122 Documents 


EDAD

2 Advice 


EDUC

1 Document 5 Advice 


EE

1,388 Documents 8 Q&As 5 Advice 


ELECTRICAL

34 Documents 2 Advice 


ENG 

5 Documents 16 Q&As 


ENGINEERIN

38 Documents 1 Advice 


ENGL

637 Documents 16 Q&As 41 Advice 


ENGLISH

91 Documents 10 Advice 


ENGR

124 Documents 1 Q&A 5 Advice 


ENVIR

1 Document 1 Advice 


EXSA

6 Documents 1 Advice 


FGDFGDFG

3 Documents 


FIN

1 Document 1 Q&A 


FINA

555 Documents 19 Q&As 2 Advice 


FINACE

5 Documents 


FINANCE

151 Documents 27 Q&As 2 Advice 


FR

7 Documents 


FREN

6 Documents 1 Q&A 4 Advice 


GENETICS

37 Documents 


GEO

1 Document 


GEOG

7 Documents 


GEOL

158 Documents 2 Q&As 4 Flashcards 6 Advice 


GERM

8 Documents 7 Advice 


GOVENMENT

10 Documents 


GOVERNMENT

14 Documents 5 Q&As 


GOVT

29 Documents 


HCAD

6 Documents 


HEALTH

40 Q&As 


HEED

38 Documents 3 Advice 


HIST

617 Documents 83 Q&As 26 Advice 


HISTORY

176 Documents 35 Q&As 8 Advice 


HMT

16 Documents 1 Q&A 


HRM

5 Documents 


HRPO

1 Document 2 Q&As 


HSM

1 Document 


HUMAN RESO

19 Documents 


IE

185 Documents 1 Q&A 2 Advice 


IMSE

9 Documents 


INDUSTRIAL

80 Documents 1 Advice 


INFORMAION

1 Q&A 


INFORMATIO

10 Documents 1 Advice 


INSY

1,172 Documents 12 Q&As 7 Advice 


INTRO TO P

16 Documents 3 Advice 


IT

10 Documents 


KINE

237 Documents 8 Advice 


KINE 3315

8 Documents 


KORE

6 Documents 2 Advice 


LARC

2 Documents 


LATIN

6 Documents 


LING

56 Documents 4 Advice 


LIST

2 Documents 1 Advice 


LSHP

8 Documents 


M

24 Documents 


MAE

1,002 Documents 14 Advice 


MAED

1 Advice 


MANA

632 Documents 6 Q&As 1 Flashcard 7 Advice 


MANA ENGL

3 Documents 


MANAGEMENT

185 Documents 4 Q&As 2 Advice 


MARK

363 Documents 3 Q&As 7 Advice 


MARKETING

59 Documents 1 Q&A 2 Advice 


MATH

444 Documents 21 Q&As 40 Advice 


MAVS

8 Documents 


MBAO

22 Documents 


ME

229 Documents 4 Advice 


MECH

2 Documents 1 Advice 


MECHANICAL

106 Documents 5 Advice 


MGMT

22 Documents 


MICROBIOLO

21 Documents 1 Q&A 3 Advice 


MIS

39 Documents 


MIS 3300.0

6 Documents 


MKT

20 Documents 


MODERN LAN

6 Documents 1 Advice 


MRKT

39 Documents 


MTG

1 Document 


MUSI

113 Documents 6 Advice 


MUSIC APPR

18 Documents 3 Advice 


N

24 Documents 


NETW

4 Documents 


NUR

12 Documents 


NURS

1,039 Documents 54 Q&As 2 Flashcards 39 Advice 


NURSG

3 Documents 2 Advice 


NURSING

677 Documents 47 Q&As 20 Advice 


NURSING FN

10 Documents 1 Advice 


NURSING RE

13 Documents 3 Q&As 


OES

44 Documents 


OPERATIONS

9 Documents 


OPMA

294 Documents 8 Q&As 1 Advice 


ORG

1 Document 


PHIL

59 Documents 


PHY

18 Documents 


PHYS

755 Documents 15 Q&As 10 Advice 


PHYSICS

292 Documents 12 Q&As 2 Advice 


PLANNING

2 Advice 


PLANT SCIE

65 Documents 1 Advice 


POL SCI

20 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


POLS

418 Documents 32 Q&As 33 Advice 


POLS 2312

10 Documents 


PRINCIPLES

1 Document 


PROJECT

8 Documents 


PROMOTING 

1 Q&A 


PSY

2 Documents 


PSYC

414 Documents 6 Q&As 11 Advice 


PSYCH

135 Documents 9 Advice 


PYCH

1 Document 


PYTHON

1 Q&A 


REAE

96 Documents 3 Q&As 1 Advice 


REAL ESTAT

68 Documents 


RELIGION

21 Documents 


REPRINC

2 Documents 


RUSS

11 Documents 


SCIE

94 Documents 2 Q&As 2 Advice 


SCIENCE

41 Documents 


SIMG

1 Document 


SOCI 

170 Documents 1 Q&A 6 Advice 


SOCIOLOGY

10 Documents 


SOCW

61 Documents 7 Advice 


SPAN

59 Documents 7 Advice 


SPANISH

19 Documents 3 Advice 


SPCH

6 Documents 


SPEECH

30 Documents 1 Q&A 


STAT

49 Documents 4 Q&As 3 Advice 


STATISTICS

51 Documents 1 Q&A 4 Advice 


T C

3 Documents 


TAREA

1 Document 


THEA

17 Documents 3 Advice 


THERMODYNA

1 Document 


UH

7 Q&As 


UNDERGRAD

1 Document 


UNKNOWN

10 Documents 1 Q&A 


URPA

1 Advice 


US HISTORY

45 Documents 14 Q&As 


VNSG

9 Documents 


2172

5 Documents 





							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						

							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


{[ dept.numDocs | number:0 ]} Document{[dept.numDocs>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numQa | number:0 ]} Q&A{[dept.numQa>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numFlashcardSets | number:0 ]} Flashcard{[dept.numFlashcardSets>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numCourseAdvice | number:0 ]} Advice



{[ filteredDepartmentsMessage ]}





UT Arlington School Information



School Facts 
Admissions 
Academics 
Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 
Students 






School Facts 



Operating Status: Currently operating Campus: Main campus (and distance learning)
Institution Type: 1 

Degree Type:
Distance Education: On-campus and Online





Admissions 





69%



39%






Admission Selectivity and Test Scores



SAT

90%


Average SAT Score Range

Unknown










ACT

35%


Average ACT Score

20-26
23
Average Score







At The University of Texas at Arlington, 90% of students submitted the SAT score, but The University of Texas at Arlington accepts both SAT and ACT.
Admission Requirement





AP Credits 

Yes 







Academics 

Graduation Rate




17%





40%





45%



Degree Details
Available Fields of Study and Degrees

> Accounting
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Advertising
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Aerospace, Aeronautical and Astronautical/Space Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Anthropology
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Architecture
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Art History, Criticism and Conservation
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Art/Art Studies, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Athletic Training/Trainer
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Banking and Financial Support Services
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Biochemistry
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Bioengineering and Biomedical Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Biological and Physical Sciences
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Biology/Biological Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Business Administration and Management, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Business Statistics
                            


> Business/Managerial Economics
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Chemistry, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Child Development
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> City/Urban, Community and Regional Planning
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Civil Engineering, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Clinical Laboratory Science/Medical Technology/Technologist
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Communication, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Computational Biology
                            


> Computer and Information Sciences, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Computer Engineering, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Computer Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Computer Software Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Criminal Justice/Safety Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Curriculum and Instruction
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Digital Communication and Media/Multimedia
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Drama and Dramatics/Theatre Arts, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Economics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Education, General
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Educational Leadership and Administration, General
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Educational Psychology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Electrical and Electronics Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Engineering/Industrial Management
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> English Language and Literature, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Environmental Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Experimental Psychology
                            


> Family Practice Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Finance, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Fine/Studio Arts, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Foreign Languages and Literatures, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> French Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> General Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Geological and Earth Sciences/Geosciences, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Geology/Earth Science, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> German Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Health/Health Care Administration/Management
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> History, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> History, Other
                            


> Human Resources Management/Personnel Administration, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Humanities/Humanistic Studies
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Industrial Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Interior Architecture
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> International Business/Trade/Commerce
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> International/Global Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Journalism
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Kinesiology and Exercise Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Landscape Architecture
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Linguistics
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Logistics, Materials, and Supply Chain Management
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Management Information Systems, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Marketing Research
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Marketing/Marketing Management, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Materials Engineering
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Mathematics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Mechanical Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Microbiology, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Multi-/Interdisciplinary Studies, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Music Performance, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Music Teacher Education
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Music, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Nursing Administration
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Nursing Education
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Nursing Practice
                            


> Nursing Science
                            


> Philosophy
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Physics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Political Science and Government, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Psychology, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Public Administration
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Public Relations/Image Management
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Radio and Television
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Real Estate
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Registered Nursing/Registered Nurse
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Rhetoric and Composition
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Russian Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Social Work
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Sociology
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Spanish Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Speech Communication and Rhetoric
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Systems Engineering
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Taxation
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Teaching English as a Second or Foreign Language/ESL Language Instructor
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Urban Studies/Affairs
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            















Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 



Undergraduate Tuition


In-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$8,878.00


Out-of-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$18,102.00




Graduate Tuition


In-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$35,960


Out-of-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$35,960




Financial Aid — Freshmen Students
                                                                




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
1,990 76% - - 

Grant Aid
1,751 67% $14,837,770.00 $4,761.00 

Student Loan
- 44% - $4,422.00 



Financial Aid — Undergraduate Students
                                                                    




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
15,342 60% $95,642,168.00 $6,234.00 

Pell Grant Aid
10,283 40% $39,371,643.00 $3,829.00 

Student Loan
14,963 58% $126,280,747.00 $8,440.00 



Net Price




Year
Income < 30K
Income 30K — 48K
Income 48K — 75K
Income 75K — 110K
Income > 110K


2014-2015 $10,493.00 $11,933.00 $15,450.00 $18,781.00 $19,698.00 

2013-2014 $11,240.00 $12,571.00 $15,321.00 $18,703.00 $19,109.00 

2012-2013 $9,592.00 $10,351.00 $14,544.00 $17,719.00 $18,833.00 






Students 




Student-Faculty Ratio
26 : 1





























:



Endowment per FTE Enrollment

$3,988
per student






Demographics









Source: National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015
Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented above.




UT Arlington Documents (23,046)
Master your classes with homework help, exam study guides, past papers, and more for UT Arlington.

 All 
 Assessments 
 Assignments 
 Essays 
 Homework Help 
 Lab Reports 
 Lecture Slides 
 Lesson Plans 
 Notes 
 Reading Lists 
 Rubrics 
 Syllabi 
 Test Prep 


 
Most Recent Documents for UT Arlington
View all 






32 pages





                   Test 2.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    PRINCIPLES OF MARKETING
            

                                    MARK 3321
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Question 1
0 out of 1 points
Ticket prices for any particular Los Angeles Dodgers ballgame fluctuate
depending on factors like fan interest, the team's record, and remaining
inventory of unsold tickets. This is because the Dodgers employ:
Selected Answer:
            

Register Now



Test 2.docx







19 pages





                   BLAW 3310 FInal review.pdf
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    LEGAL/ETHICAL BUS ENVIRONMENT
            

                                    BLAW 3310
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    Josh Radclif
Test 4 Study Guide
BLAW 3310
Dr. Charles Miller
November 13, 2015 Chapter 17 The Regulatory Process
Administrative agency An authority of the government, other than
legislature or court, created to administer a particular law through delegati
            

Register Now



BLAW 3310 FInal review.pdf







6 pages





                   Over the Counter Drugs and Herbal  and dietary supplements(final).Chapter 7.pptx.pdf.pdf.pdf
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    Pharmacology
            

                                    NURSING 3365
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    9/3/16	
Drug Types
 Prescription	Drugs	
	*Require	supervision	by	a	health	care	provider	
	*Monitoring	over	time	
	All	prescription	drugs	are	approved	by	the	FDA*	
	considered	*safe	and	eective*	
 Non	Prescription	Drugs	
 OTC-	Do	not	require	monitoring	
 *
            

Register Now



Over the Counter Drugs and Herbal  and dietary supplements(final).Chapter 7.pptx.pdf.pdf.pdf







24 pages





                   N3365 Course Map Spring  2017 -What you should master to move forward from pharmacology_Revised3_-1-
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    Pharmacology
            

                                    NURSING 3365
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    1
What you should master to move forward from pharmacology:
Start studying from day one with this document, your drug templates, and my PowerPoints. Use
the textbook to add anything that is still not clear.
This will be the document I will use in our pre-
            

Register Now



N3365 Course Map Spring  2017 -What you should master to move forward from pharmacology_Revised3_-1-







25 pages





                   N3365 Coagulation Modifiers Spring 2016 (final3)-2-2.pptx.pdf(1).pdf
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    Pharmacology
            

                                    NURSING 3365
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    9/11/16	
 Drugs
to Prevent clotting
 Drugs
to Lyse (Break down) clots
 Drugs
to Stop Bleeding
 A general
term that describes any process that
stops bleeding
 Physiologic clotting of blood is called
Coagulation
- Thrombus (blood clot) formation
- Embolus p
            

Register Now



N3365 Coagulation Modifiers Spring 2016 (final3)-2-2.pptx.pdf(1).pdf







14 pages





                   Drugs for Cardiovascular Disease Hypertension.pptx.pdf(1).pdf
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    Pharmacology
            

                                    NURSING 3365
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    9/10/16	
Drugs for Cardiovascular
disease
A&P Review and Hypertension
Sandra A. Laird, R.N., DNP, ACNP-BC, AOCNP
CardiacOutput
 CO = HR x SV
 Determined by
- Preload - determined by venous return and
subsequent filling volume and pressure in the
left vent
            

Register Now



Drugs for Cardiovascular Disease Hypertension.pptx.pdf(1).pdf







8 pages





                   Angina and Myocardial Infarction Ch23.pptx.pdf(1).pdf
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    Pharmacology
            

                                    NURSING 3365
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    9/10/16	
Drugs for Cardiovascular
disease
Angina and Myocardial Infarction
Sandra A. Laird, R.N., DNP, ACNP-BC, AOCNP
Angina Pectoris
http:/www.encyclopedia.com/video/WFF4E8oMhacangina-pectoris.aspx
Meet George
This is what is happening in his coronary ar
            

Register Now



Angina and Myocardial Infarction Ch23.pptx.pdf(1).pdf







2 pages





                   Drug template example.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    Pharmacology
            

                                    NURSING 3365
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    Revised 8/15
Drug Template Preparation Phase of Learning using the Big 3
For each class/category of drug, complete the following information:
#2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, are the most critical questions.
#1, 5, are to help you think about the drugs in different way
            

Register Now



Drug template example.docx







3 pages





                   EM Induction-problems.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    ELECTRIC CHARGES AND ECLECTRIC FIELD
            

                                    PHYSICS 1442
                                        -
                                        Spring 2012
                        

                     EM Induction satyal (144222017)
1
This print-out should have 10
9.
pulls left wire down, pulls
questions.
Multiple-choice
right wire up.
questions may continue on the next
10. pulls both wires up.
column or page find all choices
before answering.
001 (pa
            

Register Now



EM Induction-problems.docx







3 pages





                   EM Waves-problems.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    ELECTRIC CHARGES AND ECLECTRIC FIELD
            

                                    PHYSICS 1442
                                        -
                                        Spring 2012
                        

                     EM Waves satyal (144222017)
1
This print-out should have 11
003 (part 2 of 2) 10.0 points
questions.
Multiple-choice
What type of electromagnetic wave
questions may continue on the next
is this?
column or page find all choices
1. radio wave
before answer
            

Register Now



EM Waves-problems.docx







4 pages





                   Electric Potential II-solutions.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    ELECTRIC CHARGES AND ECLECTRIC FIELD
            

                                    PHYSICS 1442
                                        -
                                        Spring 2012
                        

                     Electric Potential II satyal (144222017)
This print-out should have 9 questions.
Multiple-choice questions may continue on
the next column or page find all choices
before answering.
001 10.0 points
Two parallel conducting plates separated by a
distance d
            

Register Now



Electric Potential II-solutions.docx







5 pages





                   Electric Potential-solutions.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    ELECTRIC CHARGES AND ECLECTRIC FIELD
            

                                    PHYSICS 1442
                                        -
                                        Spring 2012
                        

                     Electric Potential satyal (144222017)
This print-out should have 13 questions.
Multiple-choice questions may continue on
the next column or page find all choices
before answering.
001 (part 1 of 2) 10.0 points A
deuteron (a nucleus that consists of one
p
            

Register Now



Electric Potential-solutions.docx







5 pages





                   Electric Potential-solutions.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    ELECTRIC CHARGES AND ECLECTRIC FIELD
            

                                    PHYSICS 1442
                                        -
                                        Spring 2012
                        

                     Electric Potential satyal (144222017)
This print-out should have 13 questions.
Multiple-choice questions may continue on
the next column or page find all choices
before answering.
001 (part 1 of 2) 10.0 points A
deuteron (a nucleus that consists of one
p
            

Register Now



Electric Potential-solutions.docx







4 pages





                   Electric Current-solutions.pdf
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    ELECTRIC CHARGES AND ECLECTRIC FIELD
            

                                    PHYSICS 1442
                                        -
                                        Spring 2012
                        

                    jackson (mnj438) Electric Current satyal (144222017)
This print-out should have 16 questions.
Multiple-choice questions may continue on
the next column or page find all choices
before answering.
001 10.0 points
The total charge that an automobile battery

            

Register Now



Electric Current-solutions.pdf







9 pages





                   Electric Charge-Field II-solutions.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    ELECTRIC CHARGES AND ECLECTRIC FIELD
            

                                    PHYSICS 1442
                                        -
                                        Spring 2012
                        

                     Electric Charge/Field II satyal (144222017)
This print-out should have 17 questions.
Multiple-choice questions may continue on
the next column or page find all choices
before answering.
001 10.0 points
A charge of +1 Coulomb is place at the 0cm
mark of a
            

Register Now



Electric Charge-Field II-solutions.docx







5 pages





                   Electric Charge-Field I-solutions.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    ELECTRIC CHARGES AND ECLECTRIC FIELD
            

                                    PHYSICS 1442
                                        -
                                        Spring 2012
                        

                     Electric Charge/Field I satyal (144222017)
This print-out should have 13 questions.
Multiple-choice questions may continue on
the next column or page find all choices
before answering.
001
10.0 points How does
the mass of an object change when it acquire
            

Register Now



Electric Charge-Field I-solutions.docx







59 pages





                   Exam 3 Review.pptx
                


                        UT Arlington
            



                                    ACCT 3312
                                        -
                                        Winter 2014
                        

                    Module 3
Pre-Exam Review
Exam 3 Review
Exam 3 Review-1
General
1. Students are responsible for everything in the assigned
readings, PowerPoint presentations, and Connect homework
relative to Module 3
2. Questions will come from any material discussed in 1
            

Register Now



Exam 3 Review.pptx







39 pages





                   Exam 2 Review.pptx
                


                        UT Arlington
            



                                    ACCT 3312
                                        -
                                        Winter 2014
                        

                    Module 2
Pre-Exam Review
Module 2 Review
Mod 2 Review-1
General
1. Students are responsible for everything in the assigned
readings, PowerPoint presentations, and Connect homework
relative to Module 2
2. Questions will come from any material discussed in 
            

Register Now



Exam 2 Review.pptx







32 pages





                   Property Transactions Nontaxable Exchanges.pptx
                


                        UT Arlington
            



                                    ACCT 3312
                                        -
                                        Winter 2014
                        

                    Property Transactions:
Nontaxable Exchanges
Like-Kind Exchanges
 Gains And Losses
 Are Not Recognized For Like-Kind Exchanges
 Non-Recognition Of Gains And Losses Is Mandatory
 If The Exchange Is A Like-Kind Exchange
 Section 1031
 Applies To Exchanges Of
            

Register Now



Property Transactions Nontaxable Exchanges.pptx







21 pages





                   Gross Income Inclusions.pptx
                


                        UT Arlington
            



                                    ACCT 3312
                                        -
                                        Winter 2014
                        

                    Gross Income:
Inclusions
Tax Concepts Of Income
 There Must Be Economic Benefit
 Not Limited To Cash Payments
 Employees Cannot Can Not Avoid Earnings
 Be Paid Directly To Creditor Or Family Members
 The Income Must Be Realized
 Earnings Process Is Comple
            

Register Now



Gross Income Inclusions.pptx







2 pages





                   discussion 3.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    Is it ethical and socially responsible for college athletes to accept gift incentives from
sports agents?
I dont believe so. In the article it states that agents are buying athletes cars, cash and
clothing. This is nothing more than a bribe, and this kind
            

Register Now



discussion 3.docx







2 pages





                   you be the judge a.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    Date: February 6, 2017
To: Dr. Rick Richardson
From: Katherine Harvey
Subject: You Be The Judge: A
Summary of Facts
o Sabine Dupont had worked as a maid for Mr. Witherspoon for the last 4 years, they had a
very close relationship, almost father-daughter l
            

Register Now



you be the judge a.docx







2 pages





                   You Be the Judge Assignment D.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    April 24, 2017
To: Dr. Rick Richardson
From: Katherine Harvey
Subject: You be the Judge D
Summary of Facts
What has the Plaintiff done? The plaintiff feels that there should not be any
advertisement or previews in a movie theater.
What has the Defendant d
            

Register Now



You Be the Judge Assignment D.docx







4 pages





                   article review.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    Katherine Harvey
Article Review 2
April 30, 2017
This article discusses the different ways to manage conflicts in the work place, being a
manager. This article written by Victor Lipman called How to Manage Conflict at Work
states that a person who is mana
            

Register Now



article review.docx







1 pages





                   ch.1 assignment.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    Ch. 11 Assignment
Katherine Harvey
1. Ralph again, would be first to let go in my opinion because of his erratic work
record, possibly due to alcoholism. He has been with the company along time,
and his behavior and work patterns have become apparent, as 
            

Register Now



ch.1 assignment.docx







2 pages





                   ch.3.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    1. What information is required to be posted in the workplace?
The law requires an employer to post a notice describing the Federal laws
prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin,
religion, age, equal pay, disability or gen
            

Register Now



ch.3.docx







2 pages





                   you be the judge B.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    To: Dr. Rick Richardson
From: Katherine Harvey
Subject: Recording Studio Blues
Date: March 5, 2017
Summary of Facts
o The plaintiff stated that he told Mr. Douaola his payment was $700 and never received
payment.
o The Defendant has claimed that Mr. Ferru
            

Register Now



you be the judge B.docx







2 pages





                   slo 7.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    Katherine Harvey
Econ 2302
Prof. Esquivel
6 July 2017
SLO 7
When thinking of income inequality and how they differ, many people just think some people
just have better paying jobs, some people dont have a job, etc. While all of this true, these are
not th
            

Register Now



slo 7.docx







2 pages





                   ch.2 assignment.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    Ch.2 Assignment
Katherine Harvey
1. How well suited do you think Netflixs principles are to managing the
knowledge workers (mainly software engineers) who work for Netflix?
Explain.
Knowledge workers are employees who have the skills a company needs to
be
            

Register Now



ch.2 assignment.docx







1 pages





                   discussion 2 BLAW.docx
                


                        UT Arlington
            

                    HIstory
            

                                    HISTORY 1311
                                        -
                                        Winter 2015
                        

                    Previously to this assignment I had never read much about the constitution and truthfully
didnt know a lot about it. After reading through the book, and the given articles I can see
how there are many different ways that the constitution effects business.
            

Register Now



discussion 2 BLAW.docx








UT Arlington Questions & Answers



Showing 1 to 8 of 650
View all 












Describe how the voltmeter is used in a circuit to measure the voltage across a resistance.
















Choose an adult (over the age of 18) friend or relative and perform a holistic health assessment. Your assessment should include the following parts: Health
















Saturn, Inc. signed a one minus year $24,000 note payable at 8% interest on March 1, 2017. How much interest expense must be accrued on May 31, 2017? (Round
















Saturn, Inc. signed a one minusyear $24,000 note payable at 8% interest on March 1, 2017. How much interest expense must be accrued on May 31, 2017? (Round any
















Nurs 4325 Nursing research: What is the definition of meta-analysis, metasummary/metasynthesis, and mixed method synthematic review in research studies ?
















I need to see a visual of exactly what my N3325 Transition to Professional nursing, Module 3 research assignment paper should look, do you have any examples?
















A Palindrome is a word (or a number) that reads the same backwards. In this assignment you will be writing a program that repeatedly prompts a user for a
















hi , i need the answer to these plate if its possible and thank you











UT Arlington Flashcards

 
Showing 1 to 8 of 13
View all 






                            112 terms
                    
Term:

                            Intravascular
                    
Definition:

                            Fluid inside the vascular system
                    






Fluid/Electrolytes/AcidBase

                                    112 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Fluid/Electrolytes/AcidBase. Find, create, and access flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Fluid/Electrolytes/AcidBase
                    







                            154 terms
                    
Term:

                            Define Immunity or Resistance
                    
Definition:

                            Ability to ward off damage/disease
                    






A&P Ch 22- Lymphatic System & Immunity

                                    154 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for A&P Ch 22- Lymphatic System & Immunity. Find, create, and access cells, T Cell, lymph endothelial cells,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            A&P Ch 22- Lymphatic System & Immunity
                    







                            103 terms
                    
Term:

                            Homeostasis
                    
Definition:

                            Maintenance of constant conditions in the body's internal environment.
                    






NURS 3366: RRD #1 Cards

                                    103 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for NURS 3366: RRD #1 Cards. Find, create, and access Nursing, Genetic disorder, Sex linkage, autosomal recessive disorder flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            NURS 3366: RRD #1 Cards
                    







                            65 terms
                    
Term:

                            Financial Management
                    
Definition:

                            A process that provides entrepreneurs with relevant financial information in an easy-to-read format on a timely basis; it allows entrepreneurs to know not only how their businesses are doing financially but also why they are performing that way
                    






Entrepreneurship Final Exam

                                    65 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Entrepreneurship Final Exam. Find, create, and access Balance Sheet, Debt,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Entrepreneurship Final Exam
                    







                            21 terms
                    
Term:

                            What is the cambrian explosion?
                    
Definition:

                            first period or beginning of the paleozoic era.animals with skeleton appear.
                    






paleozoic life history

                                    21 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for paleozoic life history. Find, create, and access Geology, Cambrian, Devonian, ultra violet radiation flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            paleozoic life history
                    







                            11 terms
                    
Term:

                            Virion Structure
                    
Definition:

                            Spider T=7
Linear dsDNA
59 Proteins
                    






Chapter 7 Virology Bacteriophage T7

                                    11 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Chapter 7 Virology Bacteriophage T7. Find, create, and access DNA, rna polymerase, viral DNA, viral DNA replication,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Chapter 7 Virology Bacteriophage T7
                    







                            12 terms
                    
Term:

                            What is the precambrian?
What are its eons and when did it start and end?
                    
Definition:

                            The earliest eon. The eons in Precambrian are Hadean, Archean and proterozoic.  4.6 billion yrs ago to 542 million yrs ago.
                    






Geology 1426

                                    12 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Geology 1426. Find, create, and access Archean, Acasta Gneiss,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Geology 1426
                    







                            17 terms
                    
Term:

                            When did the paleozoic start and end and what are the periods of the paleozoic?
                    
Definition:

                            starts with the cambrian and ends with the permian. 
Cambrian:Ordovician:Silurian:Devonian:Missippian:Pennsylvanian:Permian/ Cami's orange super devoted mother caught purple penis
                    






Paleozoic earth history

                                    17 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Paleozoic earth history. Find, create, and access Geology, Pangaea, Michigan Basin,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Paleozoic earth history
                    








UT Arlington Courses with Advice


Showing 1 to {[ numOfCoursesWithAdviceToShow ]} of {[ totalNumCoursesWithAdvice ]}
View all 

Sort by:


{[$select.selected.label]}











								{[ courseWithAdvice.deptAcro + " " + courseWithAdvice.courseNum ]}
								{[ courseWithAdvice.courseName ]}
							


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog




(from {[ courseWithAdvice.numCourseAdvice ]} students)





Be the first to share words of wisdom!
You'll get $10 in tutor credits for sharing advice on 3 courses.
Give Advice





UT Arlington Top Courses




											INSY 4305 - Java 2										
 (394 Documents)





											BSTAT 3321 - Business Statistics										
 (296 Documents)





											HIST 1311 - History										
 (294 Documents)





											EE 5350 - Digital Signal Processing										
 (249 Documents)





											NURS 3365 - Pharmacology										
 (245 Documents)





											PHYS 1441 - PHYS 1441										
 (225 Documents)





											OPMA 3306 - OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT										
 (217 Documents)





											MARK 3321 - PRINCIPLES OF MARKETING										
 (215 Documents)





											POLS 2311 - Political Science										
 (214 Documents)





											BIOL 1441 - CELL MOL BIOL										
 (208 Documents)







Browse Schools















            Tweet
        








Ask a homework question
 - tutors are online











 


































Preferred Supplier Agreements - Business Affairs and Controller - UT Arlington




Skip to content. Skip to main navigation.




 
UTA Home | 
My Mav | 
Student Email | 
Faculty/Staff Email
 
 
 A-Z Index
 Find People
 Contact Us
 Maps



Search UTA






 


The University of Texas at ArlingtonDivision of Business AffairsAbout UsAdmissionsAcademicsResearchStudent LifeGivingAthleticsNews CenterParentsAlumni/FriendsVisitorsCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffConnect with UT Arlington
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
YouTube
Flickr
More Social Media Sites


HomeAccountingBudgetsHUBMailPayrollProcurementPropertySMMCTrainingTravelTuition & Payment




Business Affairs and CFOÂťProcurementÂťPreferred Supplier Agreements


ProcurementPayment Card ServicesPreferred Supplier AgreementsAP Common OversightsExclusive Use Campus Wide AgreementsFind a BuyerPurchase and Contract Transparency ReportUT System Supply Chain Alliance ContractsUploading Sales Tax Exemption Certificate to Amazon.comStrategic SourcingMAV eSHOP







Preferred Supplier Agreements
The Procurement Office has established several campus-wide blanket orders/contracts, and are available for your viewing herein. If you need additional information regarding these contracts, please contact your Procurement Specialist.
Note: The majority of contract information below is in PDF format. Click here to download Adobe® Reader®. This software is free, and freely distributable. It allows you to view and print Portable Document Format (PDF) files on all major computer platforms.

COFFEE SUPPLIER AGREEMENTS


The University has contracted with three (3) preferred suppliers for coffee services. Each provider can service your department at various service levels:

Vendor can delivery product upon departmental order.
Vendor can maintain product levels by way of a set schedule where they come in and ascertain what product(s)/supplies need to be replenished.
Vendor can maintain product levels as described in #2 above as well as provide and maintain brewing equipment.

In addition to coffee/tea products, each vendor can supply a variety of drink additives (sweeteners and creamers) as well as beverage accessories such as stirrers, cups, plastic ware and paper products.
Use of these providers is not required, but preferred. Payments for items purchases will be made via a non-PO voucher referencing Contract #2017-006.
For individual contract pricing and other information please click the following links:
Community Coffee Company  Mcliff Coffee & Vending Services  Vend Pro Refreshment Services 
Please contact Nancy Czarowitz at ext. 2-1746 or czarowitz@uta.edu with questions or for clarification.


BUS CHARTER SERVICES


The University has contracted with three (3) companies for charter bus service for the current fiscal year (16-17). The services are inclusive of transportation for day trips within the Dallas/Fort Worth area and overnight trips for all university related functions. Use of these contracts is mandatory.
The contractors are Dan Dipert Coaches, Cowtown Charters and Lone Star Coaches. Use of any of these vendors is allowable. There is no primary or secondary contractors. For individual contract pricing and other information please click the following links:
Dan Dipert Coaches
Cowtown Charters
Lone Star Coaches
Note: Access to this contract information will require a Net ID and password.
Procedure for contracting for charter bus services:

Request a quote from the vendor(s) you are considering contracting with requesting that the quote be based on the vendor’s contract with UT Arlington.
Upon deciding on a vendor, submit a requisition in UTShare and attach the quote to the requisition. The appropriate category code for charter bus services is 78111803.
Submit the required UTAFlow approval form.
Upon approval by the Procurement Office, a purchase order will be forwarded to the requesting department for dissemination to the selected vendor.

Please contact Nancy Czarowitz at ext. 2-7146 or czarowitz@uta.edu with questions or for clarification.


Temporary Employee Services


UT Arlington's contract for temporary employees for fiscal year 2016-2017 will continue with Texas Industries for the Blind and Handicapped (TIBH). Use of this contract is mandatory if using a category below.
The University has three (3) categories within this contract:

Data Entry Operator:

Basic
Intermediate
Advanced


Clerical/Receptionist
Casual Labor/Maintenance Assistant

For departments needing a temporary employee, please follow the following procedure:

Contact either Jennifer Moore (x2066) or Kimberly Smith (x2061) at Staffing for Goodwill Industries at 817-332-7866. Please work with either of the aforementioned individuals to determine the appropriate temporary classification, start date, job assignment, location, etc.
Secure a UT Arlington parking permit for the temporary employee.
Submit a requisition in UTShare and attach the quote to the requisition. The appropriate category code for temporary employee services is 80111600.
Submit the required UTAFlow approval form.
Upon approval by the Procurement Office, a purchase order will be forwarded to the requesting department for dissemination to the selected vendor.

Please contact Nancy Czarowitz at ext. 2-7146 or czarowitz@uta.edu with questions or for clarification.
Click here to review position descriptions and prices.


EXPRESS SHIPPING


The University's preferred on-line shipping service with multiple carriers is eShipGlobal. Using eShipGlobal as your source for all shipments, domestic and international, will ensure receiving the best discounted pricing available from FedEx, UPS, Lone Star Overnight, and DHL (international only), and 100% HUB credit. From eShipGlobal's site, the user can choose the preferred carrier and service, print airbills and return labels from their computer and track packages in transit. Payments will be made utilizing the university ProCard.
To set up an account and start shipping, complete the eShipGlobal Access Request Form and send to Julia Cornwell or Christy Brown by e-mail or fax (2-2685).
Information on the eShipGlobal shipping processes may be viewed at eShipGlobal Overview.
eShipGlobal Training Manuals are available upon request. Email Julia Cornwell or Christy Brown if you would like a copy.


RELOCATION SERVICES


When the need for relocation services arises, UT Arlington departments may utilize the vendors listed below through the Educational & Institutional Cooperative (E&I Coop).  Contact information for each company is listed below.  Please see the complete procedure below for contracting.




Allied Van Lines – Burger Transfer
Mark McIntyre markm@bergerallied.com
800-678-3980 Cell:  214-802-5207


Graebel Van Lines
Jonathan Cutlip jonathancutlip@graebel.com
800-937-7797








Mayflower Transit – Daryl Flood Relocation & Logistics
Megan Thomas mthomas@darylflood.com
972-745-9411 Cell:  469-223-1090


United Van Lines
Armstrong Relocation
Rob Hurt
rhurt@goarmstrongrelocation.com
800-288-7396




Procedure for contracting for relocation services:

If the estimated total will be less than $15,000, departments may use whichever vendor they would like. If $15,000 or more, competitive bids from at least 3 vendors must be secured.
Submit a requisition in UTShare and attach all quotes to the requisition. The appropriate category code for relocation services is 80111506.
Submit the required UTAFlow approval form.
Upon approval by the Procurement Office, a purchase order number will be forwarded to the requesting department for dissemination to the selected vendor.
When the move is complete and an invoice is received, forward the invoice to your departmental buyer who will complete the purchase order in UTShare. Payment will be processed as per standard voucher processing procedures.

Please contact Nancy Czarowitz at ext. 2-7146 or czarowitz@uta.edu with questions or for clarification.


Konica Minolta


The University of Texas at Arlington has selected Konica Minolta as its preferred supplier for copiers and managed print services effective April 2013. Konica Minolta services UT Institutions as the preferred supplier under The University of Texas System Supply Chain Alliance Contract #UTSSCA3812.
Contract Highlights

The contract covers Multifunctional Devices (MFDs) - desktop units and printers.
The contract provides for fixed discounts from list price. These fixed discounts are applicable to both leased and purchased equipment. Under the lease option, for 36, 48 or 60 months, the cost will include a monthly lease price and a cost-per-copy print charge.   Each print charge (cost per copy), will pay for the cost of all consumables, maintenance, and service for the equipment.
Departments can consolidate all of their units for billing purposes and receive one monthly invoice for equipment leases and one monthly invoice for copy charges.

How to Order

Contact Carrie Bryson, the University’s dedicated representative for product pricing and information, or to have a complete managed print service analysis performed on your current fleet of prints, scanners, fax machines and copiers.  Email Carrie at cbryson@kmbs.konicaminolta.us, or call her - (214) 683-5845.
To formalize the lease, Konica Minolta will provide the requisitioning department  the “Equipment Schedule to Master Premier Lease for The University of Texas System” and “Standard CPC Maintenance Contract for The University of Texas System – Institutional Participant”, both of which will be submitted to the Office of Procurement for signature.
After execution, the two (2) aforementioned documents will be returned to the department for direct submission to the University’s current sales representative – see above.
Upon placement, acceptance of the equipment, and receipt of invoice, the department will initiate payment for the lease and maintenance contract by following the How to Pay Your Invoice guidelines.

How to Pay Your Invoice 

A department initiates payment by creating a Non-Purchase Order Voucher.
Include a copy of the signed documents referenced in HOW TO ORDER #2 along with the invoice as support for the first payment.
For subsequent payments, the voucher ID of the initial payment must be referenced in the 'Comments' of the non-purchase order voucher.
Additional Information for non-purchase order voucher entry:

Konica Minolta's Vendor ID #0000025380
Lease payments – Account Code 64040
Maintenance/Clicks – Account Code 63811



For questions about this contract or procedure, contact your dedicated Procurement Specialist.


Presitge Business solutions


Prestige Business solutions Selected as new Preferred supplier for printing/copying services
Since 2012 the University has had an agreement with the City of Arlington to utilize their Canon Print Center for many of the day-to-day printing needs of the University, including the printing of business cards and university stationery items. This agreement will come to an end on January 31, 2017.
The University’s Office of Contract Management, in conjunction with a an evaluation team of University representatives, recently completed a thorough competitive Request For Proposal (RFP) and evaluation process and has selected Prestige Business Solutions as the preferred supplier for day-to-day printing needs of the University effective February 1, 2017. 
Prestige Business Solutions is a full service offset and digital print supplier with a wide range of printing and copying capabilities, including an on-line, easy to use ordering portal for items such as business cards and letterhead specifically tailored to the needs of the University. Prestige Business Solutions will be delivering completed print jobs to campus daily. Our campus representative, Doug Kraum (contact info below), is available to assist University departments personally as needed. In addition, Prestige Business Solutions is a certified Historically Underutilized Business (HUB) with the State of Texas.
Prestige Business Solutions will be on campus for a meet-and-greet session on January 30 in the Guadalupe Room of the University Center from 9 a.m. – 3 p.m. Company representatives, as well as Procurement staff, will be on-hand to discuss all aspects of Prestige’s capabilities, offer on-going demonstrations of the on-line ordering portal, as well as to set follow up appointments with individual departments to better understand the needs of the campus community.
Please make plans to attend this event and learn more about the capabilities and benefits of working with our newest preferred supplier. If you or someone from your department can not attend, Prestige Business Solutions can be reached directly at any of the following:
www.prestige-online.net Main Number : 817-328-7300
Doug Kraum817-328-7305 dkraum@prestige-online.net
Lisa Petree817-328-7305 lisa@prestige-online.net

For more information on this new preferred supplier agreement you may contact Joe White in the Contract Management Office at 817-272-6148 or josephsw@uta.edu.


Grainger


New Five Year Agreement with W.W. Grainger, Inc for Maintenance, Repair and Operations Products and Services
The University, through the U.T. System Supply Chain Alliance, has entered into a new five-year preferred supplier agreement with W.W. Grainger, Inc. for a variety of maintenance, repair and operations products and services. Grainger was recently awarded the new contract after a rigorous competitive proposal process. Grainger has been providing outstanding products and services to the University for many years and all parties look forward to continuing the relationship.
While known traditionally for more industrial-type maintenance and repair items, Grainger now offers over 1 million different products in a variety of product categories that are available to the University under the new agreement. For more information on any of their products and services available please contact the representatives listed below or visit www.grainger.com for a complete product and service catalog.
In addition to an aggressive pricing structure, the new agreement offers the following added value benefits to the University community at no additional charge:

Dedicated on-campus support
Product and safety training
Product demos from manufacturers as requested
On-line / punch out order capabilities in UT Share (PeopleSoft)
Inventory / usage audits and management

As a further benefit to the University, Grainger partners with the Burgoon Company which is a State certified Historically Underutilized Business (HUB). All Grainger products can be ordered through Burgoon to receive 100% HUB credit, with no price increase. Orders, questions, or requests for more information on any of the products and services available under this agreement can be directed to either:
Richie Robida817-366-3153 Richie.robida@grainger.com W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Christi CdeBaca972-839-0699 ccdebaca@burgooncompany.com Burgoon Company (HUB)





Business Affairs and Controller219 West Main Street · Arlington, TX 76019Contact Us





 
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
YouTube
Flickr
More Social Media Sites
MORE SOCIAL MEDIA SITES


© 2017 The University of Texas at Arlington 701 S. Nedderman Drive • Arlington, TX 76019 • 817-272-2011  Careers | 
Contact Us | 
Emergency Preparedness | 
Site Policies

Nondiscrimination and Title IX | 
Institutional Resume | 
UT System

State of Texas | 
Statewide Search |
Homeland Security |
Report Fraud



Student Life Giving Athletics News Center
About Us Admissions Academics Research




