


UTAC HOLDINGS LTD. (201023865R) - Singapore Business Directory























UTAC HOLDINGS LTD.


Registration No.: 201023865RUTAC HOLDINGS LTD. is a company incorporated on 9 November 2010 (Tuesday) in Singapore and as of 9 November 2010 (Tuesday) is a live public company limited by shares. This public company limited by shares has been operating for 6 years 262 days. Their principal activity is other holding companies. It's registered address is at postcode, Singapore 569506. 









Companies22 ANG MO KIO INDUSTRIAL PARK 2UUTAC HOLDINGS LTD.Registration No.201023865RNameUTAC HOLDINGS LTD.Formerly Known AsCERISIER LIMITEDDescriptionUTAC Holdings Ltd and its subsidiaries (“UTAC”) is a leading independent provider of assembly and test services for a broad range of semiconductor chips with diversified end uses, including in-communications devices (such as smartphones, Bluetooth and WiFi), consumer devices, computing devices, automotive devices, security devices, and devices for industrial and medical applications.

We offer our customers a full range of semiconductor assembly and test services in the following key product categories: analog, mixed-signal and logic, and memory.

Our customers are primarily fabless companies, integrated device manufacturers and wafer foundries.

UTAC is headquartered in Singapore, with production facilities located in Singapore, Thailand, Taiwan, China, Indonesia and Malaysia. Our global sales network is broadly focused on five regions: the United States, Europe, China and Taiwan, Japan, and the rest of Asia, and we have sales offices located in each of these regions.

Corporate Headquarters: UTAC HEADQUARTERS PTE. LTD.

Sales Offices and Agents: UGS Asia Sales Pte Ltd.

Manufacturing Sites, Singapore
United Test and Assembly Center Ltd.
UTAC Manufacturing Services Singapore Pte Ltd.

Manufacturing Sites, Malaysia
UTAC Manufacturing Services Malaysia Sdn Bhd (Formerly known as Panasonic Industrial Devices Semiconductor (M) Sdn Bhd)Websitewww.utacgroup.comDate Incorporation / Registration9 November 2010 (Tuesday)Registration TypePUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARESStatusLive Company as on 9 November 2010 (Tuesday)Principal Business ActivityOTHER HOLDING COMPANIESRegistered Address22 ANG MO KIO INDUSTRIAL PARK 2
SINGAPORE  (569506)Contact Number+65-64810033Email AddressRoger Ng Director, Investor Relations and CommunicationsSherena Liew Manager, Communications 








 





SIMILIAR NAMEUTAC HEADQUARTERS PTE. LTD.  22 ANG MO KIO INDUSTRIAL PARK 2, SINGAPORE (569506) Phone: +65-64810033UTAC MANUFACTURING SERVICES SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.  22 ANG MO KIO INDUSTRIAL PARK 2, SINGAPORE (569506) Phone: +65-64810033UTAC MANUFACTURING SERVICES HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.  22 ANG MO KIO INDUSTRIAL PARK 2, SINGAPORE (569506)UTAC MANUFACTURING SERVICES PTE. LTD.  22 ANG MO KIO INDUSTRIAL PARK 2, SINGAPORE (569506)



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.



 EXPLOREDRC HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED  9 TEMASEK BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE (038989)TO REACH ENTERPRISES PTE. LTD.  31 DEFU LANE 10, SINGAPORE (539212) Phone: +65-64432368 RECENTLY VIEWEDUNITED MILLION INTERNATIONAL TRADING COMPANY  1 GEYLANG SQUARE, SINGAPORE (389167)JOBANDSHOP PTE. LTD.  331 ANG MO KIO AVENUE 1, SINGAPORE (560331) Phone: +65-64817429TRADEPAC EXPORTS  8 UBI ROAD 2, SINGAPORE (408538) www.tradepacexports.com    Phone: +65-66365424JUNIOR ART LAB  961 HOUGANG AVENUE 9, SINGAPORE (530961)TPX BUILDERS PTE. LTD.  21 BUKIT BATOK CRESCENT, SINGAPORE (658065)










OTHER HOLDING COMPANIESBERLIAN CAPITAL PTE. LTD.  77 HIGH STREET, SINGAPORE (179433)ZHENHAO HOLDINGS GROUP PTE. LTD.  238A THOMSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (307684)MEDTECH HEALTH HOLDING PTE. LTD.  1 WALLICH STREET, SINGAPORE (078881)EBSH INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.  25 LI HWAN TERRACE, SINGAPORE (556953)YOUSHI HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED  111 NORTH BRIDGE ROAD, SINGAPORE (179098)OAKEN INVESTMENT HOLDING PTE. LTD.  33 UBI AVENUE 3, SINGAPORE (408868)FINDA HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.  80 ROBINSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (068898)C & G INVESTMENT PTE LTD  8 UBI VIEW, SINGAPORE (408554)ANGELICA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.  60B ORCHARD ROAD, SINGAPORE (238891)HUA XIONG HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.  168 ROBINSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (068912)LANDMARK CAPITAL PTE. LTD.  3 INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS PARK, SINGAPORE (609927)KEPPEL LAND ESTATE PTE LTD  1 HARBOURFRONT AVENUE, SINGAPORE (098632)G8 TATSUMI PTE. LIMITED  12 MARINA VIEW, SINGAPORE (018961)























About SGP Business
				SGPBusiness.com is the No. 1 Business and Company Directory in Singapore, a full-service directory portal for business operations and sourcing.
				We provide information update to your listing, including business profile, website, contact details (phone, fax & email address), social media profile, of business or company profile, completely free of any fees or subscription charges.
				Your local business directories!
				
Read More


Business Directories
 Australia Business Directory Canada Business Directory United Kingdom Business Directory Hong Kong Business Directory Malaysia Business Directory Norway Business Directory New Zealand Business Directory 
Data Analytics
Live Entities with Exact Match Name 

Singapore Business Directory is hosted on DigitalOcean.
				


Singapore Company Search




 Search





Quick Links
 Home
				•
				About SGP Business

 Company List

 Browse Categories

 Instagram (@sgpbusiness)

 Our Privacy Policy

 Contact Us
Contact Us
 [email protected]

 

Disclaimer

 All information and any services provided from sgpbusiness.com, its subdomain or all other pages under this domain are on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis without warranties of any kind and are made available for your general information and use only.
					Your use is entirely at your risk, for which SGPBusiness.com shall not be liable whatsoever.
					

					Important Disclaimer: SGPBusiness.com is not part of Singapore Government and/or Accounting And Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA). There is no official partnership being established between ACRA and SGPBusiness.com.
					
					Please contact us, should you discover any error or discrepancy. A correction will be made.
				


Copyright © 2015, 2016, 2017 - SGPBusiness.com

 























UTAC HOLDINGS LTD. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





UTAC HOLDINGS LTD. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
UTAC HOLDINGS LTD.


Company Address
22 ANG MO KIO INDUSTRIAL PARK 2SINGAPORE 0569506


Company Phone
6564810033


Company Website
www.utacgroup.com


CEO
William John Nelson


Employees  (as of 6/30/2015) 
12097


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Withdrawn (11/25/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange



Share Price
 -- 


Shares Offered
 -- 


Offer Amount
$350,000,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001637505




We expect that we will receive net proceeds from this offering of approximately
$       million, based on an assumed initial public offering price of $      
per ADS, the mid-point of the estimated range of the initial public offering
price shown on the cover page of this prospectus, after deducting the
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable
by us. If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ADSs in
full, our net proceeds will be approximately $       million after deducting the
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. A $1.00
increase/(decrease) in the assumed initial public offering price of $       per
ADS would increase/(decrease) the net proceeds to us from this offering by
approximately $       million, or approximately $       million if the
underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ADSs in full, assuming
the number of ADSs offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this
prospectus, remains the same, and after deducting the underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.

We intend to use the net proceeds received by us from this offering to retire
$       million of our indebtedness outstanding under our senior secured notes,
and the remainder, if any, for general corporate purposes.

Pending use of the net proceeds as described above, we intend to invest the net
proceeds of this offering in short-term, interest-bearing bank deposits or money
market funds.


The global outsourced semiconductor assembly and test industry is dominated by a
few large corporations and there are also many small niche players. We face
substantial competition from companies with substantial manufacturing, financial
and other resources that operate facilities primarily in Asia such as Amkor
Technology Inc., Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc., Jiangsu Changdian
Technology Company Limited, Powertech, Inc., Siliconware Precision Industries
Co., Ltd. and STATS ChipPAC Ltd.

We believe the primary elements of competition in the independent outsourced
semiconductor assembly and test industry include technical and engineering
competence, quality of service, production yields, cycle time, time-to-market,
pricing, scope of assembly and test services and simplifying customers’ supply
chain logistics.

In addition, we also face competition from the internal assembly and test
resources of many of our integrated device manufacturer customers. Integrated
device manufacturers that use our services continuously evaluate our performance
against their own in-house assembly and test capabilities, and may choose to
scale back their outsourcing requirements from time to time.


Company Description
We are a leading independent provider of assembly and test services for a broad
range of semiconductor chips (also known as integrated circuits) with
diversified end-uses, including in communications devices (such as smartphones,
Bluetooth and WiFi), consumer devices, computing devices,


 automotive
applications and industrial and medical applications. We believe that we are a
leader in the analog product category and in the fast-growing quad flat no-lead
packaging segment (which extends across the analog and mixed-signal product
categories), and that this leadership positions us well to capitalize on the
demand for new analog integrated circuits across end-markets, which is expected
to be driven by the growth of the Internet of Things.

We offer our customers a full range of semiconductor assembly and test services
in the following key product categories: analog, mixed-signal and logic, and
memory. We also integrate our service offerings to provide full turnkey
solutions, including wafer probing, wafer processing, assembly, testing and the
direct shipment of semiconductors to users designated by our customers. In
addition, we also provide test development services.

Our customers are primarily fabless companies, integrated device manufacturers
and wafer foundries. Our expertise in assembly and test services accumulated
through years of engineering experience has allowed us to develop long-standing
and well-established relationships with our customers, many of whom are leaders
in their respective product categories. In 2014, our top ten customers by sales
were Panasonic, Broadcom, Texas Instruments, Maxim Integrated, Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, SanDisk, Microchip Technology,
STMicroelectronics, Formosa Advanced Technologies Co., Ltd, or FATC, and Power
Integrations.

We are headquartered in the Republic of Singapore, or Singapore, with production
facilities located in Singapore, Thailand, Taiwan, China, Indonesia and
Malaysia. In China, our facilities are located in Dongguan and Shanghai. As of
June 30, 2015, our office and manufacturing space at our facilities covered an
area of approximately 305,929 square meters, and we operated 2,914 wire bonders
and 1,645 testers. In addition to our assembly and test facilities, we have a
global sales network focused on five regions: United States, Japan, Taiwan and
China, rest of Asia and Europe, with sales offices and employees located in each
of these regions.
---

UTAC Holdings was incorporated in Singapore as a public company limited by
shares under the Singapore Companies Act on November 9, 2010 as Cerisier Limited
and subsequently changed its name to UTAC Holdings Ltd. on June 14, 2011. Our
registered office and our principal executive offices are located at 22 Ang Mo
Kio Industrial Park 2, Singapore 569506. Our telephone number at this location
is (65) 6481-0033. Our principal website address is www.utacgroup.com. Our agent
for service of process in the United States is Law Debenture Corporate Services
Inc., located at 400 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10017.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$435,830,000


Net Income
-$37,405,000


Total Assets
$1,749,634,000






Total Liabilities
$1,430,850,000


Stockholders' Equity
$313,723,000




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 3 Total: 3
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



UTAC HOLDINGS LTD.
RW
11/25/2016
Filing



UTAC HOLDINGS LTD.
F-1/A
10/30/2015
Filing



UTAC HOLDINGS LTD.
F-1
7/15/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Company Counsel
Latham & Watkins LLP


Lead Underwriter
BofA Merrill Lynch


Lead Underwriter
Citigroup Global Markets Inc


Lead Underwriter
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter Counsel
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Financial Information | UTAC Group










‹
›
×



 










InvestorsContact




 Search ...  





Login













Toggle navigation








		Menu		


Services & Solutions

OverviewTest SolutionsWafer ProbingFinal TestingTest Engineering and DevelopmentCharacterization / Sample productionPackaging Capability and Assembly ServicesPackaging Solutions3D SiPCu ClipMEMSWafer Level ProcessingDesign ServicesPackage CharacterizationThermalMechanicalElectricalMoldflowTurnkey Solutions & Partners Wafer Bumping Solutions3D SiPBurn-inReliability ServicesFailure Analysis Services






Packaging Capability and Assembly Services

Wide range of semiconductor packaging solutions: Leadframe, Laminate and Wafer Level Packages.
Learn More

 
News & Events

EventsPress Room






News & Events

UTAC receives Supplier Award from ON Semiconductor.
Learn More

 
Resources

Thermal CalculatorElectrical ToolTechnical PublicationsData SheetsPackaging Application NotesTechnical Solution Sheets






Packaging Capability and Assembly Services

Wide range of semiconductor packaging solutions: Leadframe, Laminate and Wafer Level Packages.
Learn More

 
About

Who We AreCorporate ManagementAwards & RecognitionInvestorsAnnouncementsFinancial InformationEarnings CallServing Our CustomersQuality ManagementQMS CertificatesReliability Services Failure Analysis ServicesCorporate Social ResponsibilityCSR PolicySustainability ReportsOur Code of ConductAnonymous Communication FormGlobal FootprintSecurity Statement 
Careers

Career OpportunitiesWorking at UTACInternships/Industrial AttachmentsTalent DevelopmentLocations






Working at UTAC

UTAC’s focus is to continue developing our existing talents and also acquire exceptional external talents.
Learn More

 
Home


















About



Investors




					Financial Information				



Financial Information


About
Who We AreCorporate ManagementAwards & RecognitionInvestorsAnnouncementsFinancial InformationEarnings CallServing Our CustomersQuality ManagementQMS CertificatesReliability Services Failure Analysis ServicesCorporate Social ResponsibilityCSR PolicySustainability ReportsOur Code of ConductAnonymous Communication FormGlobal FootprintSecurity Statement 














UTAC Holdings Ltd (UTAC) is a leading independent provider of assembly and test services for a broad range of semiconductor chips and we offer a full range of semiconductor assembly and test services in the following key product categories: analog, mixed-signal and logic, and memory. Our customers are primarily fabless companies, integrated device manufacturers and wafer foundries.
 
UTAC is headquartered in Singapore, with production facilities located in Singapore, Thailand, Taiwan, China, Indonesia and Malaysia, in addition to its global sales network focused on five regions: United States, Japan, China and Taiwan, rest of Asia and Europe, with sales offices located in each of these regions. 









Global A&T Electronics Ltd
(Subsidiary of UTAC Holdings Ltd)
Quarterly Reports


q1 2017




q1 2016


q2 2016


q3 2016




q1 2015


q2 2015


q3 2015




q1 2014


q2 2014


q3 2014


Annual Reports


ar 2016


ar 2015


ar 2014


ar 2013


ar 2012



For more information on bond related documents, please click here.


 
 For more enquiries related to Investor Relations, please contact:
 
Roger Ng
Director,
Investor Relations and Communications
 +65 6714 2245
  +65 9005 0132
 roger_ng@utacgroup.com





Subscribe to stay updated







 



























Please read our General Terms of Access and Personal Data Protection Policy carefully. Use of this Website constitutes acceptance of the General Terms of Access and Personal Data Protection Policy.
Copyright © 2016 UTAC. All Rights Reserved.













×













Asif R. Chowdhury - Senior Vice President-Product Line & Marketing at UTAC Holdings Ltd.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Asif R. Chowdhury
Senior Vice President-Product Line & Marketing at UTAC Holdings Ltd.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Asif R. Chowdhury
Senior Vice President-Product Line & Marketing at UTAC Holdings Ltd.



 Overview



Age



51
                                  (Born 1966)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 349 people.
              






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




William John Nelson

Group Chief Executive Officer at United Test & Assembly Center Ltd.




Wee Meng Tan

President-Management & Operations at Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation





Regina Liew Chui Wan

Chief Procurement Officer at United Test & Assembly Center Ltd.




K. Thiveanathan

Chief Human Resource Officer & Senior Vice President at United Test & Assembly Center Ltd.





Udom Udompanyavit

Head of Analog Business Unit at UTAC Holdings Ltd.




Hsu Ying-Ling

Head of Memory Business Unit at UTAC Holdings Ltd.





Douglas J. Devine

Senior Vice President of Finance & Administration & Chief Financial Officer at Stion Corp.




Roger Ng

Director-Investor Relations & Communications at UTAC Holdings Ltd.





Darren Smith

Senior Vice President, Quality at UTAC Holdings Ltd.




Ken Shibata

Senior Vice President at UTAC Manufacturing Services Ltd.







See 339 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 339 More 


 


 Paths to Asif R. Chowdhury



            Asif R. Chowdhury          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Asif R. Chowdhury






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Asif R. Chowdhury.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


The University of Texas at Austin

                  The University of Texas at Austin is one of the largest public universities in the United States and is the largest institution of The University of Texas System. Founded in 1883, the university has grown from a single building, eight teachers, two departments and 221 students to a 350-acre main campus with 17 colleges and schools, about 24,000 faculty and staff, and more than 50,000 students.                




 


Southern Methodist University

                  Southern Methodist University is a private university near the center of Dallas. SMU offers undergraduate, graduate, and professional programs through seven schools in the humanities and sciences, business, the performing, visual, and communication arts, engineering, education and human development, law, and theology.                




 


Northeastern University

                  Founded in 1898, Northeastern University is a private research university located in the heart of Boston. Northeastern is a leader in worldwide experiential learning, urban engagement, and interdisciplinary research that meets global and societal needs. Our broad mix of experience-based education programs—our signature cooperative education program, as well as student research, service learning, and global learning—build the connections that enable students to transform their lives. The University offers a comprehensive range of undergraduate and graduate programs leading to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Northeastern University's accreditation information                





 Career History



Senior Vice President-Product Line & Marketing

                                    2014 - Current                


UTAC Holdings Ltd.


                  UTAC Holdings Ltd. provides integrated circuits assembling and testing services for semiconductor devices. Its services include test solutions, packaging capability and assembly, packaging solutions, package characterization, turnkey solutions, reliability, and failure analysis. The company was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Singapore.                




Director-Manufacturing Group

                                    Prior                


Analog Devices, Inc.


                  Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) defines innovation and excellence in signal processing. ADI's analog, mixed-signal, and digital signal processing (DSP) integrated circuits (IC) play a fundamental role in converting, conditioning, and processing real-world phenomena such as light, sound, temperature, motion, and pressure into electrical signals to be used in a wide array of electronic equipment. But that doesn't begin to capture the essence of what Analog Devices does for our customers, and ultimately for the end user.                




Director-Business Development & Vice President

                                    Prior                


Amkor Technology, Inc.


                  Amkor is one of the world’s largest providers of contract semiconductor assembly and test services. Founded in 1968, Amkor pioneered the outsourcing of IC assembly and test and is now a strategic manufacturing partner for more than 200 of the world’s leading semiconductor companies and electronics OEMs. Amkor’s operational base encompasses more than 5 million square feet of floor space with production facilities, product development centers and sales & support offices located in key electronics manufacturing regions in Asia, Europe and the United States.                





 Other Affiliations




              Asif R. Chowdhury is affiliated with
                            UTAC Holdings Ltd., Analog Devices, Inc., Amkor Technology, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

































    Utac Holdings Ltd (47247)
  































          
            Utac Holdings Ltd (47247)
        

Sign in

Free Registration




English
日本語






Asia wide Manufacturing Business Platform in Singapore
 TECH DIRECTORY Singapore 



Companies
Products and services
Catalogues

















My Page
            


Help
 













Utac Holdings Ltd





Tweet
















Business description
semiconductor assembly and testing services for a broad range of integrated circuits including mixed-signal, analog and memory




Company profile
          






Members only
You can download the list of companies in the same area, Utac Holdings Ltd (CSV file format)






Download(CSV file)
 



Users looking at this company downloaded these catalogs








 

Dry fog humidifier AKIMist®"E”


H. IKEUCHI & Co., Ltd.








 

Controller Series


THK LM SYSTEM Pte. Ltd.








 

SENQCIA CORPORATION / Chains for Sugar Industory


SENQCIA CORPORATION








 

Blue light cut-off LED “Reach”


Prime Star Co., Ltd.








 

Slit couplings


Nabeya Bi-tech Kaisha (NBK)







Company profile


Postal code
554916


Area/Country
North East, Singapore


Address
5 Serangoon North Avenue 5


TEL



View the telephone number


Please register your E-mail address. We will send you useful tips to help you find products or companies in Singapore.











SKIP





Registered member enjoy many more benefits

Free Registration



Already a member? Please sign in.
Sign in




Thank you for registering your E-mail address with us.  You will receive useful tips to help you find products or companies in Singapore.

 +65-64810033

 

Registered member enjoy many more benefits

Free Registration



Already a member? Please sign in.
Sign in







URL
http://www.utacgroup.com




Category







Search Company from location
>Singapore>North East




Search company by Business category
>Others






Members only
You can download the list of companies in the same area, Utac Holdings Ltd (CSV file format)






Download(CSV file)
 














Registered members (Free)can obtain product catalogues, company information and technology newsletter, which are useful for finding products and companies.
Free Registration
Sign in
What is TECH DIRECTORY Singapore?


Technology newsletter

You will receive the latest products / technical information by email(Free).


input email



 What is the Technology newsletter?
Unsubscribe from the Technology newsletter









Hot!





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 

Read more




Recommended catalogue packs for you

Numerous products catalogs made by various companies can easily and individually be downloaded.



              Vacuum pump
 


              Anticorrosive
 


              Other transporting machines
 


              Other industrial machines
 




PAGE TOP






Register your e-mail address so that you will get the information you are looking for.





Enter E-mail address




 
or

Sign Up for Facebook



close










Technology newsletter




中国での製品探し、企業探しに役立つ情報を配信します。




Benefit 1
中国で調達できる製品・サービスの情報を配信します。
Benefit 2
We distribute new products / technology information
Benefit 3
We provide useful information to improve your skills










Publishing contents

●中国で調達できる製品・サービス
●New products, new technology
- Globally popular Products / Services

etc.latest products / technology information is sent by email(Free)


input email




 








Sign in








*E-mail address:
            









*Password:
            









Stay signed in



Forget your password?










New membership registration

















































UTAC Holdings Ltd. research information - IPO Boutique





  





UTAC Holdings Ltd. IPO AdvisoryIPO Research - IPO Boutique




<< Return Home
















  IPO Boutique Blog
  FREE IPO Newsletter


IPO Central


              IPO Calendar
              IPO Pipeline
              Track Record
              Sample IPO
              Rating Scale
              IPO Primer



Secondaries


              Current Week
              Track Record
	      2015 Secondaries
              2014 Secondaries
              2013 Secondaries
              2012 Secondaries
              2011 Secondaries
              2010 Secondaries
              Secondaries Primer



Media




            International publications
 quoting IPO Boutique
 
            founder Scott Sweet
            



General Info


              About Us
              Contact Us
              Testimonials
              Announcements
              Disclaimer
              Site Map














Company
Symbol
Price Range
Issue Price
Open
Shares
Trade Date
UTAC Holdings Ltd.UTAC [ Nasdaq ]
Withdrawn
$0.00
$0.00TBD 
Underwriter(s): BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Credit Suisse
Co-Manager(s): 
Filing(s): Filed 2015-07-15








For IPO Boutique's "scale of 1 to 5" BUY rating on UTAC Holdings Ltd., and our comprehensive analysis, click the "Buy Market Research" link.
UTAC Holdings Ltd. Historical Chart - Click chart for current quote




About UTAC Holdings Ltd. (adapted from UTAC Holdings Ltd. prospectus): They are a leading independent provider of assembly and test services for a broad range of semiconductor chips.This description is adapted from  prospectus. This description is not intended to be a recommendation to buy stock from this company. To see the company's full description, view their prospectus. 


Share this IPO Profile: 











IPO Boutique aggregates information on public companies and private companies, such as  "UTAC" IPO, which is intended to educate our readers and help them evaluate potential investment opportunities and market conditions. We endeavor to research the financial industry and obtain independent verification of factual statements before presenting them to our users. Be informed. 



Need a recommendation? Visit our Testimonials page and see over 200 investors singing our praises.
Used our Comprehensive Single Promo Advisory and want more? We also offer a monthly or annual subscription 


© 2005 - 2017 IPO Boutique. All Rights Reserved















UTAC Group | United Test and Assembly Center













‹
›
×



 










InvestorsContact




 Search ...  





Login













Toggle navigation








		Menu		


Services & Solutions

OverviewTest SolutionsWafer ProbingFinal TestingTest Engineering and DevelopmentCharacterization / Sample productionPackaging Capability and Assembly ServicesPackaging Solutions3D SiPCu ClipMEMSWafer Level ProcessingDesign ServicesPackage CharacterizationThermalMechanicalElectricalMoldflowTurnkey Solutions & Partners Wafer Bumping Solutions3D SiPBurn-inReliability ServicesFailure Analysis Services






Packaging Capability and Assembly Services

Wide range of semiconductor packaging solutions: Leadframe, Laminate and Wafer Level Packages.
Learn More

 
News & Events

EventsPress Room






News & Events

UTAC receives Supplier Award from ON Semiconductor.
Learn More

 
Resources

Thermal CalculatorElectrical ToolTechnical PublicationsData SheetsPackaging Application NotesTechnical Solution Sheets






Packaging Capability and Assembly Services

Wide range of semiconductor packaging solutions: Leadframe, Laminate and Wafer Level Packages.
Learn More

 
About

Who We AreCorporate ManagementAwards & RecognitionInvestorsAnnouncementsFinancial InformationEarnings CallServing Our CustomersQuality ManagementQMS CertificatesReliability Services Failure Analysis ServicesCorporate Social ResponsibilityCSR PolicySustainability ReportsOur Code of ConductAnonymous Communication FormGlobal FootprintSecurity Statement 
Careers

Career OpportunitiesWorking at UTACInternships/Industrial AttachmentsTalent DevelopmentLocations






Working at UTAC

UTAC’s focus is to continue developing our existing talents and also acquire exceptional external talents.
Learn More

 
Home
























    				Passionate people providing customers with world-class, turnkey test and assembly services    				    				

    					
    					    						Let’s Start Now    					    				
    				












    				Test Excellence    				    				

    					
    					    						Find Out More    					    				
    				












    				State-of-the-art design and package characterization    				    				

    					
    					    						Look For More    					    				
    				












    				Comprehensive IC package and module experience    				    				

    					
    					    						Engage Us Now    					    				
    				






›
‹



1
2
3
4
5










Looking for Services or Solutions?


Learn more








Design Services





Package Characterization





Quality Management





Reliability Services





Failure Analysis Services





Assembly Services





Test Solutions





 Resources














Packaging Capability and Assembly Services
Wide range of semiconductor packaging solutions: Leadframe, Laminate and Wafer Level Packages









Test Solutions
Deliver test and full-turnkey for all semiconductor device types including: Logic, Mixed Signal, RF, Linear and Memory


















Design Centers
UTAC’s design engineers  are experienced in the complete range of package types.












Quality Commitment
Exceed customers’ expectations by cultivating continuous improvement















Corporate Social Responsibility
Build a sustainable business while providing value to our customers, partners, stakeholders and constituents


















Latest News & Industry Event Calendar




UTAC receives Supplier award from ON Semiconductor

Jul 05 , 2016




UTAC, Sarda and AT&S collaborate in delivering small, fast voltage...

Jun 15 , 2016









04 - 05 April


GSA European Executive Forum






Venue: Sofitel Munich Bayerpost, Bayerstrasse 12, 80335 Munich, Germany 
















Resources


Technical Publications

Experimental and Numerical Assessment of Board-level Temperature Cycling Performance for PBGA, FBGA and CSP
Ultra-thin Die Characterization for Stack-die Packaging
Thermal Evaluation of Two Die Stacked FBGA Packages
Copper Pillar Bump Structure Optimization for Flip Chip Packaging with Cu/Low-K Stack



Thermal Calculator
Calculate

Electrical Tool
Calculate







Subscribe to stay updated







 



























Please read our General Terms of Access and Personal Data Protection Policy carefully. Use of this Website constitutes acceptance of the General Terms of Access and Personal Data Protection Policy.
Copyright © 2016 UTAC. All Rights Reserved.













×










UTAC Holdings Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
































utac holdings ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Semiconductors
Sub-Industry: Semiconductor Mfg
UTAC Holdings Ltd. provides semiconductor assembly and testing services for semiconductor chips. The Company offers a full range of package and test development, engineering, and manufacturing services and solutions. UTAC operates manufacturing facilities and sales offices worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

22 Ang Mo Kio Industrial Park
Singapore, 569506
Singapore


Phone:
65-6481-0033


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.utacgroup.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Tang Kok-Yew
Affinity Equity Partners Ltd








President/CEO
Company


William Nelson
Utac Holdings Ltd








Board Members
Company


Ahkong Chuen Fah
Pioneer Management Services


Wong Kok Hoe
Centurion Group Inc


Steven Schneider
Tpg Capital Singapore Pte Ltd


Mok Weng Sun
Affinity Equity Partners Pte Ltd




Chen Yue
United Family Healthcare Inc


Dominic Picone
Tpg Capital LP/US




Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


William John Nelson


President/CEO




Douglas J Devine


Chief Financial Officer




K Thiveanathan


Chief Human Resource Ofcr




Regina Liew Chui Wan


Senior VP:Worlwide Svcs/Chief Procurement Ofcr




Frank R Myers


Senior VP:Operations




Asif R Chowdhury


Senior VP:Product Line & Mktg




Ken Shibata


Senior VP:Utac Manufacturing




Jeffrey R Osmun


Senior VP:Worldwide Sales




Roger Ng


Dir:IR & Communications



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































