

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Utrip, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:06 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Utrip, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Utrip, Inc. owns and operates an online travel planning and recommendations platform. It offers Utrip, an online travel platform that allows users to plan, purchase, and share personalized travel experiences in one place. The company’s platform also enables travelers to enter their destinations and travel dates; rank their travel preferences in categories, such as history, food, nightlife, and budget; sort hotels, sites, activities, and restaurants on the basis of recommendations provided by the platform; and optimize itineraries for seasonality, hours of operation, and geography. Its platform serves travelers in the United States, Africa, Asia, Australia, Canada, Europe, Mexico, the Middle ...
Utrip, Inc. owns and operates an online travel planning and recommendations platform. It offers Utrip, an online travel platform that allows users to plan, purchase, and share personalized travel experiences in one place. The company’s platform also enables travelers to enter their destinations and travel dates; rank their travel preferences in categories, such as history, food, nightlife, and budget; sort hotels, sites, activities, and restaurants on the basis of recommendations provided by the platform; and optimize itineraries for seasonality, hours of operation, and geography. Its platform serves travelers in the United States, Africa, Asia, Australia, Canada, Europe, Mexico, the Middle East, South America, the Caribbean, and internationally. Utrip, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is based in Seattle, Washington.
Detailed Description


530 4th Avenue WestUnit 301Seattle, WA 98119United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 509-954-9393

www.utrip.com







Key Executives for Utrip, Inc.




Mr. Gilad Berenstein


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Board Member
      








 Chris Manderino


      	Chief Operating Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Utrip, Inc. Key Developments

Utrip Announces Executive Appointments
Feb 20 17
Utrip announced that former Expedia CFO, Michael Adler was recently appointed to the company's board of directors.  He brings exceptional credentials and financial expertise within the travel sector. COO Chris Manderino joined Utrip in early February 2017 to lead overall operations encompassing revenue, partner relations, marketing and talent management. Manderino brings a decade of dynamic leadership experience in the travel and technology industries with an expertise in programs that drive scalable revenue and maximize partner retention. Utrip also recently welcomed Matt Hulett, previously a product and sales leader at Expedia, as a business advisor to the brand.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 20, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Utrip, Inc., please visit www.utrip.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























UTRIP INC Seattle WA, 98119 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Business Services
Utrip Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Utrip Inc



530 4th Ave W

Seattle,
							
							
							 WA
							
							
							 98119-5911
							
							 |  view map


(509) 954-9393

www.utrip.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

UTRIP INC is in the Prepackaged Software industry in Seattle, WA.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Headquarters
					

Industry:
						Prepackaged Software
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2011
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


JetBlue becomes Utrip travel planning portal's first airline partner American Association of Airport Executives AAAE Security SmartBrief
Utrip Partners with JetBlue to Offer Travelers a More Personalized Trip Planning Experience PRWeb
Travel planning platform Utrip lands $4 mln Series A PE Hub Blog
Utrip Closes $4M In Latest Round Of Funding PR Newswire




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments

Yes



Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

RAM Enterprises Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Coats Electric CO Inc


Barnes & Noble


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Hammer & CO


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Walbro


Montgomery Marine Repair


Ideal Construction CO








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
✪


								4.5
							


							( Based on
							
							2
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								2
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Utrip Inc
Rate Utrip Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Utrip Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VUDEN INC
VOGUE
VOGT JAMES B MD
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLTAIRE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

GOODY 2 SHOES
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
CONTORNO INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
ADVENT I LLC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
PANALPINA INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
STINGER WELDING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  















Utrip Unveils Utrip Live to Help Fans Discover and Plan the Perfect Trip 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Utrip Unveils Utrip Live to Help Fans Discover and Plan the Perfect Trip



Share Article


















By Integrating SeatGeek Inventory with Utrip’s Intelligent Trip Planning Platform, Utrip Live Makes it Intuitive and Intelligent To Sort Through Millions of Live Event Options to find when your favorites are in the same destination at the same time.







Utrip Live

Utrip Live was the natural next step in the level of personalized trip curation we provide our users. - Director of Business Development, Lewis Krell


Seattle, WA (PRWEB)
April 19, 2016
 Utrip, Inc., the Seattle-based leader in artificial intelligence trip planning has unveiled a new and innovative product, Utrip Live, that helps fans discover and plan perfect trips based around the sports teams, bands, musicians, comedians, events and festivals they love most. By integrating SeatGeek inventory with Utrip’s intelligent trip planning platform, Utrip Live makes it easy and fun for travelers and fans to discover the best places and dates to go to see their favorite live events. Utrip Live is changing the travel landscape and catering, in a deeply personalized way, to an audience with a truly unlimited desire to travel and to not miss out on the best part of travel -- unique, inimitable live experiences. 
To begin the process, a traveler can either auto-import their favorite teams, bands and more via their Facebook Likes or they can easily create their own profile on the Utrip Live homepage. Utrip Live will take this information and instantaneously sort through millions of potential combinations to let you know when more than one of your favorite teams, bands or events will be happening in the same city at the same time. From the results page, a traveler can then sort by destination and based on dates they are planning to travel. Instead of time-consuming manual labor and cross-referencing, Utrip Live makes it easy to not only discover your perfect trip, it also enables travelers to add these events to a personalized and customizable itinerary. Utrip Live also provides travelers with the option to purchase tickets via Seatgeek in real-time. 
"We’re excited to add another dimension to our 2016 momentum which, to date, has included exciting partnerships with internationally-recognized travel companies such as the Empire State Building, Holland America Line and the San Francisco Travel Association. At Utrip, we are always looking for innovative ways to bring our technology to travelers and to help them enjoy the most authentic and unique travel experiences. Utrip Live was the natural next step in the level of personalized trip curation we provide our users." said Lewis Krell, Director of Business Development at Utrip. "As we see with the popularity of apps like Snapchat and Facebook Live, travelers seek memorable experiences that cannot be replicated -- and nothing adds a more unique, memorable aspect to a travel experience than seeing your favorite teams, athletes, bands, comedians and performers live."
According to the National Association of Sports Commissions, the sports travel industry in the United States alone is $9.45 billion and that number continues to grow every year. The appetite of sports and music fans is impossible to over-exaggerate as just this month, fans traveled from across the globe to attend live events like Coachella, the Final Four or Kobe Bryant’s last game. Passionate fans will travel on a moment’s notice as they don’t want to miss out on a life-changing experience that they will remember forever. According to Nielsen Music, the average music-festival attendee travels 903 miles to get to their event and according to LiveNation, half of Americans have attended a live event in the past year with the average event-goer attending 5.3 live events annually. 
###
Utrip is a free travel planning platform that brings together the best in artificial intelligence and human experience, making it easy for travelers to create their perfect trip. Founded in Seattle in 2012, Utrip's predictive technology works on a vast travel database that has been curated by local experts. Once a traveler indicates their interests and budget, Utrip's algorithm sorts through millions of combinations of must-see sites, activities, and restaurants recommendations to deliver personalized itineraries -- in minutes. Travelers may then book lodging and share their itineraries with friends.
To get started or to learn more please visit http://www.utriplive.com or contact Lewis Krell at lewis(at)utrip(dot)com. Follow Utrip Live on Twitter @UtripLive



Share article on social media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Yasmine El Tabib
Utrip+1 303-898-1989
				Email >
			Kimberly Kennedy
Perkett PR 1-781-603-6066
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								


Media
Utrip LiveDay view of a Utrip itinerary using Utrip Live






News Center




Utrip Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























utrip inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Internet Based Services
Utrip Inc. owns and operates online travel planning platform. The Company enables travelers to complete itineraries and trip planning. Utrip serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

530 4th Avenue West
Unit 301
Seattle, WA 98119
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.utrip.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Michael Adler
Squaretrade Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Chris Manderino


Chief Operating Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Stan Monlux - Vice President-Revenue & Business Development at Utrip, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Stan Monlux
Vice President-Revenue & Business Development at Utrip, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Non-Profit Donations & Grants Investments 


Stan Monlux
Vice President-Revenue & Business Development at Utrip, Inc.



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 63 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Chris Marinic

Chief Technology Officer at Utrip, Inc.




Jessica Fishman

Expansion Director at Utrip, Inc.





Edan Shahar

Co-Founder at Utrip, Inc.




Gilad Berenstein

Founder at Utrip, Inc.





Yair Berenstein

Co-Founder at Utrip, Inc.




Chris Manderino

Chief Operating Officer at Utrip, Inc.





John Castle

Lecturer in Entrepreneurship at University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business




Milena Saboya

Vice President, Product at Utrip, Inc.





Doug Hanhart

Chief Information Officer at InSpa Corp.




Matt Klein

Advisor at Utrip, Inc.







See 53 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 53 More 


 


 Paths to Stan Monlux



            Stan Monlux          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Stan Monlux






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Stan Monlux.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Vice President-Revenue & Business Development

                                    Current                


Utrip, Inc.


                  Utrip, Inc. provides business support services. The firm operates as an interactive travel platform that allows users to plan, purchase, and share personalized travel experiences all in one place. The company was founded by Gilad Berenstein, Edan Shahar and Yair Berenstein in 2012 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA.                




Vice President-Business Development

                                    2011 - 2013                


Red Foundry, Inc.


                  Red Foundry, Inc. operates as a mobile app design and development company. It offers existing SDK management and support, training and developer support services. The firm engages in designing, developing, and deploying mobile apps in several areas of practice, including healthcare, travel, legal, staffing, sales and marketing, sports, and many other areas. The company was founded by Jim Heising, Ron Franczyk and Andrew Newman in 2009 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                




Vice President-Business Development

                                    2003 - 2009                


Zango, Inc.


                  Zango provided consumers free access to a large catalog of free, sought-after online videos, games, music, tools and utilities. Much like television, this content was funded by advertising and is therefore free to the consumer.Zango had developed a unique solution to this economic dilemma. Through what Zango calls its 'Content Economy,' advertisers, web publishers and content creators are able to use Zango to earn income through the sales of products and distribution of web content and tools. With the Content Economy model, consumers are able to access and enjoy web content and entertainment for free, because when they search or browse online for products and services, they see ads from Zango advertisers. Zango delivers ads that were relevant at the time someone is shopping for that specific product. Because of this unique method of 'time-shifted' advertising, Zango advertisers earn industry-leading return on investment for their marketing dollars.Zango had millions of opt-in users and tens of thousands of new consumers opt-in every day to enjoy entertaining and useful online content. Zango was committed to safe and ethical Best Practices and offers desktop advertising product lines under the brands Zango, Hotbar, SmartShopper, ShopperReports and Spam Blocker Utility.                




Executive Vice President-Marketing

                                    1998 - 2000                


WorkWise Software, Inc.


                  WorkWise Software, Inc., a subsidiary of Oralis.com, Inc., is a company headquartered in Seattle, WA. The firm develops mid-market application integration software. It was founded by Stan Monlux. WorkWise Software, Inc. was acquired by Oralis.com, Inc. on 01 Jun 00.                




Vice President, Operations

                                    1987 - 1998                


Capital Stream, Inc.


                  CapitalStream, Inc. provides software and consulting services that enable commercial banks and finance companies to transform paper-based operations into integrated financial supply chains. It also provides data gathering, deal structuring, credit analysis, document generation, booking, account monitoring and ongoing risk management solutions. The company was founded by Clifford J. Monlux and Stan Monlux in 1995 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA.                




Vice President-Business Development

                                    Prior                


Blinkx, Inc.


                  Blinkx, Inc. provides online video content syndication and advertising platform from a wide collection of professional sources. It publishes video articles for site, media tiles and integrating video into pages. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




Vice President-Revenue

                                    Prior                


Open Mobile Solutions, Inc.


                  Open Mobile Solutions, Inc. provides mobile marketing software solutions. It offers appnique, a platform for product managers and marketers to market mobile apps through both organic app store SEO, as well as mobile app install campaigns. The firm’s product helps to drive improved app discoverability, downloads and user acquisition. The company was founded by Jai Jaisimha in September 2009 and is headquartered in Redmond, WA.                





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



N/A

                  2010
                


Seattle Humane Society


                  The Seattle Humane Society’s mission is bringing people and pets together and keeping them together, and we’ve been doing just that since 1897. We are an independent, donor-funded nonprofit animal welfare organization and we save thousands of abandoned, stray and surrendered pets in our community every year. We find loving homes for every healthy and adoptable animal who enters our doors, and we have no time limits.                




$500 - $999

                  2003
                


Seattle Goodwill


                  Goodwill's mission is to provide quality, effective employment training and basic education to individuals experiencing significant barriers to economic opportunity. Because jobs change lives.                





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Capital Stream, Inc.

                  CapitalStream, Inc. provides software and consulting services that enable commercial banks and finance companies to transform paper-based operations into integrated financial supply chains. It also provides data gathering, deal structuring, credit analysis, document generation, booking, account monitoring and ongoing risk management solutions. The company was founded by Clifford J. Monlux and Stan Monlux in 1995 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA.                





 Other Affiliations




              Stan Monlux is affiliated with
                            Utrip, Inc., Red Foundry, Inc., Zango, Inc., WorkWise Software, Inc., Capital Stream, Inc., Blinkx, Inc., Open Mobile Solutions, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













