



People directory - Last Names - Uyeda















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
U

Uyeda




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

A Uyeda
Aaron Uyeda
Abigail Uyeda
Adeline Uyeda
Ahren Uyeda
Aiko Uyeda
Aileen Uyeda
Ailyn Uyeda
Aja Uyeda
Aki Uyeda
Akid Uyeda
Akiko Uyeda
Akio Uyeda
Akito Uyeda
Alan Uyeda
Albert Uyeda
Alex Uyeda
Alexander Uyeda
Alfredo Uyeda
Alice Uyeda
Alicia Uyeda
Alison Uyeda
Allen Uyeda
Amanda Uyeda
Amber Uyeda
Amos Uyeda
Amy Uyeda
Andrea Uyeda
Andres Uyeda
Andrew Uyeda
Angela Uyeda
Angelia Uyeda
Angie Uyeda
Anice Uyeda
Ann Uyeda
Anne Uyeda
Aracelli Uyeda
Arther Uyeda
Arthur Uyeda
Ashley Uyeda
Atsumi Uyeda
Audrey Uyeda
Autumn Uyeda
Ayako Uyeda
B Uyeda
Bara Uyeda
Barbara Uyeda
Bary Uyeda
Ben Uyeda
Benjamin Uyeda
Benn Uyeda
Bennie Uyeda
Bert Uyeda
Bessie Uyeda
Betty Uyeda
Blaine Uyeda
Blake Uyeda
Blossom Uyeda
Blue Uyeda
Bob Uyeda
Bobbie Uyeda
Bonnie Uyeda
Bradford Uyeda
Bred Uyeda
Brenda Uyeda
Brian Uyeda
Brooks Uyeda
Bruce Uyeda
Bryan Uyeda
C Uyeda
Calvin Uyeda
Camella Uyeda
Candace Uyeda
Candice Uyeda
Candise Uyeda
Cari Uyeda
Carl Uyeda
Carol Uyeda
Carole Uyeda
Carolvn Uyeda
Carolyn Uyeda
Carolyne Uyeda
Casey Uyeda
Catherine Uyeda
Cecilia Uyeda
Chandra Uyeda
Charles Uyeda
Charlotte Uyeda
Chas Uyeda
Chelsea Uyeda
Cherry Uyeda
Cheryl Uyeda
Chester Uyeda
Chieko Uyeda
Chiyo Uyeda
Chizu Uyeda
Chizuko Uyeda
Chizuo Uyeda
Chizuru Uyeda
Chlyo Uyeda
Chris Uyeda
Christ Uyeda
Christopher Uyeda
Chuck Uyeda
Cindy Uyeda
Claire Uyeda
Claudette Uyeda
Claudia Uyeda
Clifford Uyeda
Cliford Uyeda
Clifton Uyeda
Coleen Uyeda
Craig Uyeda
Crystal Uyeda
Curtis Uyeda
Cynthia Uyeda
Cyrus Uyeda
D Uyeda
Daisy Uyeda
Dale Uyeda
Damon Uyeda
Dan Uyeda
Danelle Uyeda
Daniel Uyeda
Dannette Uyeda
Danni Uyeda
Danny Uyeda
Darlene Uyeda
Darrell Uyeda
Darren Uyeda
Darryl Uyeda
Dave Uyeda
David Uyeda
Davis Uyeda
Dean Uyeda
Deane Uyeda
Debbie Uyeda
Debora Uyeda
Deborah Uyeda
Dee Uyeda
Deidre Uyeda
Denise Uyeda
Dennis Uyeda
Derek Uyeda
Derrel Uyeda
Derrick Uyeda
Devin Uyeda
Dharon Uyeda
Diana Uyeda
Diane Uyeda
Dick Uyeda
Don Uyeda
Donald Uyeda
Donna Uyeda
Doris Uyeda
Dorothy Uyeda
Doug Uyeda
Douglas Uyeda
Duane Uyeda
Dwain Uyeda
Dwayne Uyeda
E Uyeda
Eddie Uyeda
Edna Uyeda
Edward Uyeda
Edwin Uyeda
Eiko Uyeda
Eileen Uyeda
Elaine Uyeda
Eleanor Uyeda
Elizabeth Uyeda
Ellen Uyeda
Elmer Uyeda
Elsie Uyeda
Emiko Uyeda
Eric Uyeda
Erin Uyeda
Ernest Uyeda
Ernie Uyeda
Erwin Uyeda
Esther Uyeda
Etsuko Uyeda
Evan Uyeda
Evelyn Uyeda
F Uyeda
Fay Uyeda
Faye Uyeda
Fernando Uyeda
Finis Uyeda
Florence Uyeda
Fong Uyeda
Frances Uyeda
Francis Uyeda
Frank Uyeda
Franklin Uyeda
Fred Uyeda
Frederick Uyeda
Fumi Uyeda
Fumika Uyeda
Fumiko Uyeda
Fumiye Uyeda
Funika Uyeda
Fusaa Uyeda
G Uyeda
Gail Uyeda
Gareth Uyeda
Garold Uyeda
Garrett Uyeda
Gary Uyeda
Gayle Uyeda
Geo Uyeda
George Uyeda
Georget Uyeda
Georgette Uyeda
Gerald Uyeda
Gilbert Uyeda
Gladys Uyeda
Glen Uyeda
Glenn Uyeda
Glenna Uyeda
Gloria Uyeda
Gordon Uyeda
Grace Uyeda
Grant Uyeda
Graydon Uyeda
Greg Uyeda
Gregg Uyeda
Gregory Uyeda
Guy Uyeda
H Uyeda
Harold Uyeda
Harriet Uyeda
Harry Uyeda
Haruo Uyeda
Heesuk Uyeda
Helen Uyeda
Henry Uyeda
Herbert Uyeda
Hichiro Uyeda
Hideko Uyeda
Hideyo Uyeda
Hillari Uyeda
Hiroaki Uyeda
Hiromi Uyeda
Hiroshi Uyeda
Hisae Uyeda
Hisako Uyeda
Howard Uyeda
Huggins Uyeda
Hyun Uyeda
Isami Uyeda
Itsuo Uyeda
J Uyeda
Jackie Uyeda
Jackson Uyeda
James Uyeda
Jamie Uyeda
Jana Uyeda
Jane Uyeda
Janel Uyeda
Janeleon Uyeda
Jang Uyeda
Janice Uyeda
Janis Uyeda
Jann Uyeda
Jansen Uyeda
Jas Uyeda
Jason Uyeda
Jay Uyeda
Jean Uyeda
Jeanette Uyeda
Jeanne Uyeda
Jeannie Uyeda
Jeannte Uyeda
Jefferso Uyeda
Jefferson Uyeda
Jeffrey Uyeda
Jennifer Uyeda
Jerry Uyeda
Jesse Uyeda
Jill Uyeda
Jim Uyeda
Jimmie Uyeda
Jo Uyeda
Joann Uyeda
Joanne Uyeda
Jocelyn Uyeda
Jodie Uyeda
Jody Uyeda
Joe Uyeda
Joel Uyeda
Joelle Uyeda
Johanna Uyeda
John Uyeda
Johnny Uyeda
Joi Uyeda
Jol Uyeda
Jonathan Uyeda
Jonell Uyeda
Jose Uyeda
Josef Uyeda
Joseph Uyeda
Josephine Uyeda
Joshua Uyeda
Jospeh Uyeda
Josphine Uyeda
Jot Uyeda
Joy Uyeda
Joyce Uyeda
Juana Uyeda
Judith Uyeda
Judy Uyeda
Julie Uyeda
June Uyeda
Justin Uyeda
K Uyeda
Kalina Uyeda
Kamiko Uyeda
Kaori Uyeda
Kaoru Uyeda
Karen Uyeda
Karenuyed Uyeda
Kath Uyeda
Katherine Uyeda
Kathie Uyeda
Kathryn Uyeda
Katsuaki Uyeda
Katsumi Uyeda
Kay Uyeda
Kaz Uyeda
Kazue Uyeda
Kazuko Uyeda
Kazuo Uyeda
Kazuya Uyeda
Kc Uyeda
Kehaulani Uyeda
Kei Uyeda
Keiji Uyeda
Keiko Uyeda
Keith Uyeda
Kellen Uyeda
Kelley Uyeda
Kelly Uyeda
Kelvin Uyeda
Ken Uyeda
Kendrick Uyeda
Kenichi Uyeda
Kenji Uyeda
Kennard Uyeda
Kenneth Uyeda
Kenny Uyeda
Kenrick Uyeda
Kerry Uyeda
Kevin Uyeda
Kiichi Uyeda
Kiku Uyeda
Kim Uyeda
Kimberlee Uyeda
Kimberly Uyeda
Kimi Uyeda
Kimio Uyeda
Kimy Uyeda
Kiyoko Uyeda
Kiyomi Uyeda
Kosaku Uyeda
Kristi Uyeda
Kristine Uyeda
Kumi Uyeda
Kurt Uyeda
Kyoko Uyeda
L Uyeda
Ladawna Uyeda
Lance Uyeda
Larah Uyeda
Larry Uyeda
Laura Uyeda
Lauren Uyeda
Laurence Uyeda
Laurie Uyeda
Lawr Uyeda
Lawrence Uyeda
Lefty Uyeda
Leigh Uyeda
Lenn Uyeda
Lenore Uyeda
Leo Uyeda
Leon Uyeda
Leroy Uyeda
Leslie Uyeda
Lester Uyeda
Li Uyeda
Liann Uyeda
Lichune Uyeda
Lillian Uyeda
Lilly Uyeda
Lily Uyeda
Lincoln Uyeda
Linda Uyeda
Lindsay Uyeda
Lindy Uyeda
Lisa Uyeda
Liz Uyeda
Lloyd Uyeda
Logan Uyeda
Lorene Uyeda
Lori Uyeda
Lorraine Uyeda
Lou Uyeda
Louise Uyeda
Luisa Uyeda
Ly Uyeda
Lydia Uyeda
Lyle Uyeda
Lynee Uyeda
Lynette Uyeda
Lynn Uyeda
M Uyeda
Mabel Uyeda
Mamoru Uyeda
Marc Uyeda
Marchelle Uyeda
Marcia Uyeda
Marcy Uyeda
Maria Uyeda
Marianne Uyeda
Mariko Uyeda
Marilyn Uyeda
Marjorie Uyeda
Mark Uyeda
Marlene Uyeda
Marlyn Uyeda
Marmian Uyeda
Martha Uyeda
Mary Uyeda
Masaji Uyeda
Masak Uyeda
Masako Uyeda
Masami Uyeda
Masao Uyeda
Masaru Uyeda
Masashi Uyeda
Masato Uyeda
Masaye Uyeda
Masayo Uyeda
Mason Uyeda
Massami Uyeda
Masue Uyeda
Mathado Uyeda
Matsuo Uyeda
Matthew Uyeda
Maureen Uyeda
Max Uyeda
May Uyeda
Mechele Uyeda
Mechell Uyeda
Megan Uyeda
Melanie Uyeda
Melissa Uyeda
Melvin Uyeda
Michael Uyeda
Michele Uyeda
Michelle Uyeda
Michiko Uyeda
Midory Uyeda
Mike Uyeda
Miki Uyeda
Milagros Uyeda
Mildred Uyeda
Miles Uyeda
Milton Uyeda
Mine Uyeda
Minna Uyeda
Minoru Uyeda
Mitch Uyeda
Mitchell Uyeda
Mitsuko Uyeda
Momoyo Uyeda
Morton Uyeda
Motoyo Uyeda
Mueno Uyeda
Muneo Uyeda
N Uyeda
Namiko Uyeda
Nancy Uyeda
Naomi Uyeda
Neal Uyeda
Neil Uyeda
Nolan Uyeda
Nora Uyeda
Nori Uyeda
Norie Uyeda
Norine Uyeda
Norma Uyeda
Norman Uyeda
P Uyeda
Pam Uyeda
Pamela Uyeda
Pat Uyeda
Patricia Uyeda
Patti Uyeda
Patty Uyeda
Paul Uyeda
Pauline Uyeda
Peggy Uyeda
Perla Uyeda
Phil Uyeda
Philip Uyeda
Phyllis Uyeda
Priscilla Uyeda
R Uyeda
Rachel Uyeda
Ramona Uyeda
Randal Uyeda
Randall Uyeda
Randy Uyeda
Raymond Uyeda
Reiko Uyeda
Rex Uyeda
Richard Uyeda
Richelle Uyeda
Rick Uyeda
Ritch Uyeda
Riyeko Uyeda
Robert Uyeda
Roberta Uyeda
Robin Uyeda
Robyn Uyeda
Rochelle Uyeda
Rodney Uyeda
Rolan Uyeda
Ron Uyeda
Ronald Uyeda
Roni Uyeda
Roscoe Uyeda
Rose Uyeda
Rosie Uyeda
Roxanne Uyeda
Roy Uyeda
Ruichi Uyeda
Russell Uyeda
Ruth Uyeda
Ryan Uyeda
S Uyeda
Saburo Uyeda
Sachiko Uyeda
Sadako Uyeda
Sakai Uyeda
Sam Uyeda
Samuel Uyeda
Sandra Uyeda
Sandy Uyeda
Satoru Uyeda
Satoshi Uyeda
Scott Uyeda
Sean Uyeda
Seiko Uyeda
Seiya Uyeda
Selena Uyeda
Setsu Uyeda
Setsuko Uyeda
Sevie Uyeda
Shannon Uyeda
Shantelle Uyeda
Shari Uyeda
Sharian Uyeda
Sharon Uyeda
Shawn Uyeda
Shayne Uyeda
Sheldon Uyeda
Shelley Uyeda
Shereen Uyeda
Sheri Uyeda
Sherrill Uyeda
Sherry Uyeda
Sheryl Uyeda
Shigeko Uyeda
Shigero Uyeda
Shigeru Uyeda
Shiro Uyeda
Shiza Uyeda
Shizu Uyeda
Shizuko Uyeda
Shizuyo Uyeda
Sidney Uyeda
Stacy Uyeda
Stanley Uyeda
Stephanie Uyeda
Stephen Uyeda
Steve Uyeda
Steven Uyeda
Stewart Uyeda
Stone Uyeda
Stuart Uyeda
Sue Uyeda
Sumi Uyeda
Sumiko Uyeda
Summer Uyeda
Sung Uyeda
Susan Uyeda
Susumu Uyeda
Suzie Uyeda
Suzy Uyeda
T Uyeda
Tadao Uyeda
Tadashi Uyeda
Takashi Uyeda
Takeo Uyeda
Takeshi Uyeda
Taki Uyeda
Tamae Uyeda
Tami Uyeda
Tamiki Uyeda
Tammie Uyeda
Tamotsu Uyeda
Tanya Uyeda
Tara Uyeda
Taryn Uyeda
Tatsud Uyeda
Tatsuo Uyeda
Ted Uyeda
Teri Uyeda
Terry Uyeda
Teruaki Uyeda
Teruji Uyeda
Teruko Uyeda
Teruo Uyeda
Tetsuo Uyeda
Theodore Uyeda
Theordore Uyeda
Thomas Uyeda
Tianna Uyeda
Tiffany Uyeda
Timothyk Uyeda
Todd Uyeda
Tokiko Uyeda
Tokiye Uyeda
Tom Uyeda
Tommy Uyeda
Tomo Uyeda
Toshie Uyeda
Toshiko Uyeda
Toshio Uyeda
Toshiro Uyeda
Toshito Uyeda
Tracy Uyeda
Tricia Uyeda
Trisha Uyeda
Tsuruyo Uyeda
Tsutomu Uyeda
V Uyeda
Valarie Uyeda
Valerie Uyeda
Vance Uyeda
Vanessa Uyeda
Vernon Uyeda
Vicki Uyeda
Vicky Uyeda
Victoria Uyeda
Vince Uyeda
Vincent Uyeda
Vivian Uyeda
Vivianne Uyeda
Walter Uyeda
Wayne Uyeda
Wendell Uyeda
Wendy Uyeda
Wesley Uyeda
Whitney Uyeda
William Uyeda
Yas Uyeda
Yasuko Uyeda
Yeda Uyeda
Yoichiro Uyeda
Yoji Uyeda
Yoko Uyeda
Yoneichi Uyeda
Yoneko Uyeda
Yong Uyeda
Yorko Uyeda
Yoshiko Uyeda
Yoshio Uyeda
Yukiko Uyeda
Yuri Uyeda
Yuriko Uyeda
Yutaka Uyeda








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






ALLEN BRUCE  UYEDA - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ALLEN BRUCE  UYEDA
Check out list of companies and businesses related to ALLEN BRUCE  UYEDA. Find out ALLEN BRUCE  UYEDA address and contact details. View other people related to ALLEN BRUCE  UYEDA - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O FIRST HAWAIIAN, INC. 999 BISHOP STREET, 29TH FLOOR HONOLULU 96813 HI




Companies related to ALLEN BRUCE  UYEDA
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000036377FIRST HAWAIIAN, INC.Director 999 BISHOP STREET  HONOLULU 96813




ALLEN BRUCE  UYEDA on the Web
Persons related to ALLEN BRUCE  UYEDA - FIRST HAWAIIAN, INC.NamePositionCityAlan  ArizumiVice Chairman HONOLULUBancWest CorpSAN FRANCISCOPARIBAS  BNPDirector PARIS, FRANCEBNP Paribas USA, Inc.NEW YORKGary  CaulfieldVice Chairman and CIO HONOLULUMichael  ChingExec VP, CFO & Treasurer HONOLULUMATTHEW J  COXDirector SAN FRANCISCOMatthew S  CoxCHAPEL HILLW ALLEN  DOANE JRDirector HONOLULURobert  FujiokaVice Chair & Chief Lending Ofc HONOLULUTHIBAULT  FULCONISHONOLULUGERARD  GILDirector HONOLULUJEAN-MILAN  GIVADINOVITCHHONOLULURobert S  HarrisonChairman and CEO HONOLULURalph  MesickExec VP & Chief Risk Ofcr HONOLULUMICHAEL  SHEPHERDHONOLULUALLEN BRUCE  UYEDADirector HONOLULUMICHEL  VIALHONOLULUAlbert M  YamadaVice Chair, CAO & Secretary HONOLULUERIC K  YEAMANPresident and COO HONOLULU
Potentially same personNameCityCountryAllen  BruceMilwaukeeWIAllen  BruceMilwaukeeWIAllen  BruceNashuaNH












 









Allen Bruce Uyeda - Honolulu, HI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Allen Bruce Uyeda in Honolulu, HI


Allen Bruce Uyeda

                                                                           Intelius found that Allen Bruce Uyeda  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Honolulu, HI.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Allen Bruce Uyeda is in his 60s

Allen Has Lived In

Honolulu, HI
Monmouth Junction, NJ
Lancaster, PA

Allen's Relatives

Elizabeth Uyeda
Kazuko Uyeda
William Uyeda
Yoneichi Uyeda







Allen Bruce Uyeda



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Chief Executive Officer at First Insurance Company of Hawaii Ltd



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Allen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Allen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Allen Bruce Uyeda
Get a Criminal Check on Allen Bruce Uyeda
Get a Public Record Report on Allen Bruce Uyeda
Get a People Search Report on Allen Bruce Uyeda


Allen Bruce Uyeda's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Allen Bruce Uyeda has lived as well as Allen Bruce Uyeda's phone numbers and email addresses.




Allen Bruce Uyeda Has Lived in 3 States
Hawaii Address for Allen Bruce Uyeda


797 P******* D* 

Honolulu, HI


Has Lived In

Honolulu, HI
Monmouth Junction, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Allen Bruce Uyeda

(808) ***-**** - Honolulu, HI 
(808) ***-**** - Honolulu, HI 
(808) ***-**** - Honolulu, HI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Allen Bruce Uyeda

a****a@***.com
a****a@***.com
p***********r@***.com


Get Email Report




Allen Bruce Uyeda's Professional Information
Information regarding Allen Bruce Uyeda's professional history.  Find out previous places Allen Bruce Uyeda has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Allen Bruce Uyeda Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: First Insurance Company of Hawaii Ltd
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Company: First Insurance Company of Hawaii Ltd
               Title: Information Technology, Director
Allen Bruce Uyeda's Experience
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: First Insurance Company of Hawaii Ltd
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. First Insurance is committed to becoming the foremost provider of risk-management solutions to the people and businesses of Hawaii. To enable that vision, we've created a subsidiary, First Risk Management Services (FiRMS), to develop and bring to market innovative and complementary risk-management brokered products and services. These products include an Excess & Surplus lines facility, NFIP Flood, Excess Flood, and Captive Insurance management services. Click on any of the following product areas to find out more:.
Title: Information Technology, Director
               Company: First Insurance Company of Hawaii Ltd
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Additional Professional Information on Allen Bruce Uyeda

 See Allen Bruce Uyeda's LinkedIn Profile



Allen Bruce Uyeda's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Allen Bruce Uyeda


Allen Bruce Uyeda's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Allen Bruce Uyeda's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Allen Uyeda
Username Matches

                  AllenUyeda
                  UyedaAllen
                  Allen.Uyeda
                  Uyeda.Allen
                  Allen_Uyeda
                  Uyeda_Allen
                  Allen-Uyeda
                  Uyeda-Allen
                  AUyeda
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Uyeda







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Allen Bruce Uyeda | First Insurance Company of Hawaii, Ltd. | Email President/CEO | @ficoh.com | Phone: 808-527-7777








































 









 



  Business Card for Allen Bruce Uyeda:


  Allen Bruce Uyeda
 President/CEO
Honolulu, HI area 





First Insurance Company of Hawaii, Ltd. 
 
                  1100 Ward Ave
Ste 805                  

Honolulu, HI 96814  

                  Tel: (808) 527-7777 

www.ficoh.com
 Last updated on 2016-10-07 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About Allen Bruce Uyeda:

Allen Bruce Uyeda  works as an President/CEO for First Insurance Company of Hawaii, Ltd. at Honolulu, HI.  The company's webpage is http://www.ficoh.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for President/CEO and other executives of First Insurance Company of Hawaii, Ltd. at Honolulu, HI, check
                  First Insurance Company of Hawaii, Ltd.                  at Joesdata.com. Not the Allen Bruce Uyeda you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named Allen Bruce Uyeda. 

 Allen Bruce Uyeda's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


 Allen Bruce Uyeda's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


 Allen Bruce Uyeda's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 28, 2017, Allen Bruce Uyeda has
                44                co-workers under the company name
                First Insurance Company of Hawaii, Ltd.                at Joesdata.com. 






 About First Insurance Company of Hawaii, Ltd.:

First Insurance Company of Hawaii, Ltd. is located at 1100 Ward Ave
Ste 805, Honolulu, HI 96814. It has around 100 - 250 employees. Its revenue is around $50 - 100M. Financial institution whose primary functions include initial underwriting of property damage or liability insurance policies. The parent company of this organization is Loews Corporation USA 

Company News: 
				No company news available. 
 
People in the same industry:

Julie ThomasEnviron Services/Laundry DirectorRockford Health SystemStuart WasilewskiDirector of Materials ManagementRockford Health SystemTony CellittiEms Region CoordinatorRockford Health SystemCindy DavisProject Management Office CoordinatorRockford Health SystemSusan SchreierVice President & CNORockford Health SystemAnthony KazwellTreasury DirectorRockford Health System 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.















 







Bruce Productions


















































 



















  






   

Film & Video
Production

Web & TV
Commercials
Music Videos
Promotional Videos
Sales Training Videos
Industrial Videos
Voice-over & Narration
and MORE!

Read More







Home








Our Work 
 





 





























































 



 Contact Us
    Not seeing what you need? Challenge us! We offer creative entertainment-based solutions for anything and everything (within reason, of course).











Name:*
 
Email:*
 


Message:
 








 

Bruce Productions
28 Kiamensi Rd
Wilmington, Delaware 19804
Phone Number
+1 302-691-3470
Email
info@BruceProductions.com
Follow Us
      






Copyright © 2017 Bruce Productions. All Rights Reserved.
 Website by Nuts & Bolts Web Design



















            
                                
            Menu                
                        
        
Home
About Us
Services
Contact
Blog








Open Menu

  Defective Products :: Fort Myers, Florida Product Liability Attorney Bruce L. Scheiner                               Free Consultation: 800.646.1210 Tap Here To Call Us           Fort Myers, Florida Product Liability Attorney Bruce L. Scheiner Home Contact Port Charlotte, FL Product Defect Lawyer Bruce L. Scheiner    Home  Firm Overview  Attorneys  Practice Areas  Community  Giving Back  Events    FAQs  Locations  News  Blog  Contact Us       En Español                     Home     Practice Areas     Defective Products        Defective Products About Defective ProductsThe U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission’s 2010 report lists these products associated with deaths of more than 3,500 Americans:Children’s nursery equipment and suppliesToysSports and recreational equipmentHome entertainment and communication equipmentHousehold product packagingLawn and garden equipmentTools and workshop equipmentHome maintenance productsHousehold appliancesHeating, cooling and ventilating appliancesHousewaresFurnishingsConstruction materialsSource: U.S. Consumer Product Safety CommissionU.S. consumers have access to a tremendous number of products. Some are produced in our country, while others are manufactured elsewhere and imported. While that means that Americans have probably the world’s best selection of goods to meet their needs, it also means that we are exposed to goods that may be dangerous or defective. For instance, Chinese products have received significant news coverage in recent years for defects that pose significant health hazards. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission website lists nearly 100 products manufactured in China that have been recalled … and that figure applies to the first six months of 2011 only. The CPSC’s 2010 report lists more than 3,500 deaths associated with the use of consumer products.When companies put profits ahead of safety, they can and should be held responsible for those who are injured or killed by big business’s disregard of the life and limb of their own customers.At Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner, Attorneys for the Injured, Fort Myers product liability lawyers are committed to protecting the rights of consumers from large manufacturers that create and market dangerous and defective products. When you or someone you love has been hurt because a product wasn’t made correctly or was manufactured with substandard parts, our Naples and Cape Coral personal injury and wrongful death attorneys have the resources needed to build a compelling case for full and fair restitution.The Cape Coral product liability lawyers at our firm know that the CPSC reported more than 700 product-related deaths of children under 5 years of age. Our firm began as a family enterprise and through decades of growth we remain a family organization at heart. We feel a special bond with Southwest Florida families who must face the unthinkable when a child is lost because of a defective product. Our Cape Coral and Naples wrongful death attorneys are ready to stand by your side as an uncompromising advocate who will aggressively represent your family following such a heartbreaking loss.The CPSC confirms that emergency rooms treat millions of Americans every year for injuries attributed to the use of defective products. Our Fort Myers personal injury lawyers know that the product categories responsible for the greatest number of injuries include:Sports and recreational equipmentConstruction materials and home structuresHome fixtures and furnishingsCosts just for emergency treatment for injuries caused by defective products have climbed into the billions of dollars. Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner, Attorneys for the Injured, understands that many injuries can require ongoing care. Depending on their severity, medical treatment may be needed for years. Our firm’s Fort Myers and Naples defective product attorneys believe that innocent consumers have a right to expect that the products they purchase and use will be safe. When that isn’t the case, we are prepared to take action on your behalf to pursue compensation that will pay for the medical care you need, make up for wages you’ve lost when injuries keep you from working, and address the pain and suffering you’ve endured.Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner offers you a free evaluation of your defective product claim. If we take your case, you will be charged no fees unless we win.1-800-283-2900 – Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner – Focused on Justice    Dangerous and Defective Products Misfunctioning or Malfunctioning Machinery or Equipment Motor Vehicle Product Defects Dangerous Foods Dangerous and Defective Drugs Defective Child Products Defective Child Car Seats Passenger Injuries in Defective Vehicles Defective Cribs and Baby Beds Unsafe Toys Dangerous or Flammable Children's Clothing        Florida Injury Lawyer Blog - Defective Products  



Comparative Negligence Not a Factor in Crashworthiness Product Injury Lawsuit 
Comparative negligence is the legal theory that a plaintiff is at least partially to blame for his/ her own injuries. In some states, that fact alone



$3M Defective Vehicle Product Liability Verdict Reversed 
A federal appeals court reversed a $3 million judgment in favor of a personal injury plaintiff who alleged a defective vehicle caused him to suffer



Florida Physiomesh Injury Lawsuit Filed in Federal Court 
A federal product liability lawsuit has been filed against the manufacturer of Physiomesh, a medical device surgically implanted in patients



   Client Reviews      Bruce L. Scheiner and his team were the most friendly people I've ever met they genuinely cared about me... I highly recommend them   Brooke Krause   ★★★★★              I was really satisfied with services I received. Bruce is not only an attorney, but like family. He got me three times what I thought I would receive and was always there when I needed an answer on something. I'd say he is the best attorney I have dealt with in my 68 years.   Harry Zulauf   ★★★★★     I found working with the BLS firm to be a very good experience. They kept me informed on my case, answered all my questions, and were prompt when I needed assistance.   Wendy Walker   ★★★★★     I was in an accident and BLS was very helpful and gave a lot of support. If I had any questions, it was just a phone call away. Everyone in the office is very nice and helpful.   Celeste Thompson   ★★★★★     We had a wonderful experience with everyone here. The staff and attorneys were friendly, knowledgeable, and compassionate. They inquired about our injuries and our recovery. I would highly recommend their services!   Heather Bair Daniels   ★★★★★     I have nothing but good things to say about this law firm. I can honestly say that I am very satisfied with their work and my end results. I would absolutely recommend these set of attorneys to anyone. Thank you guys for all the hard work!   Merida McDonald   ★★★★★     BLS was incredibly helpful with my case, even during the hard challenging periods of my case Bruce & PJ were always just a call away. Even though they couldn't answer my call at that direct moment, they ALWAYS made a point to call me back. The staff at Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner were always helpful and friendly, if they didn't have the answer they would always call me back with what I needed to know.   Robert Drawdy   ★★★★★             Submit a Law Firm Review & Testimonial          Contact Us  FREE CASE REVIEW 800.646.1210          First Name:      Last Name:      Email:      Phone:       Case Details:          Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.  Submit        Practice Areas    Personal Injuries   Car Accidents   Motorcycle Accidents   Trucking Accidents   Premises Liability   Slip and Fall   School Bus Accidents   Construction Accidents   Animal Attack   Assault on Business Property   Aviation Accidents   Bicycle Accidents   Boating Accidents   Bus Accidents   Car Seat/Child Abandonment   Catastrophic Injuries   Defective Child Products   Defective Products  Dangerous and Defective Products  Misfunctioning or Malfunctioning Machinery or Equipment  Motor Vehicle Product Defects  Dangerous Foods  Dangerous and Defective Drugs  Defective Child Products  Defective Child Car Seats  Passenger Injuries in Defective Vehicles  Defective Cribs and Baby Beds  Unsafe Toys  Dangerous or Flammable Children's Clothing     Dog Bite Injuries   Drowning Accidents   Elevator/Escalator Accidents   Firearm Discharge   Injuries at School   Injuries to Children   Injuries to Pedestrian   Injuries to Tourists   Landlord Liability   Negligent Security   Nursing Home Abuse   Nursing Home Bed Sores   Nursing Home Falls   Professional Malpractice   Sepsis/Infection & Florida Nursing Homes   Sexual Abuse or Assault   Sexual Assault   Swimming Pool Accidents   Watercraft and ATV      Join Our Email List      Join                                            Fort Myers Headquarters  4020 Evans Ave Fort Myers, FL 33901    Phone: 239-939-2900         Cape Coral  1407 Del Prado Blvd S #11 Cape Coral, FL 33990    Phone: 239-772-0099         Naples  2650B Airport Rd S Naples, FL 34112    Phone: 239-597-1201         Port Charlotte  2301 Tamiami Trail #E Port Charlotte, FL 33952    Phone:  941-743-7777         Mailing Address  P.O. Box 60049 Fort Myers, FL 33906       We are a statewide law practice representing injured persons throughout the entire State of Florida, including, but not limited to: Fort Myers, Cape Coral, Estero, Bonita Springs, Lehigh Acres, Fort Myers Beach, Sanibel, Naples, Port Charlotte, Punta Gorda, Immokalee, Venice, Sarasota, Bradenton, Labelle, Arcadia, Sebring, the Florida Keys, Miami-Dade County, Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Orlando, Tampa, Hillsborough County, Jacksonville, Duval County, Gainesville, Ocala, Tallahassee, West Palm Beach, St. Petersburg, Pensacola, and Panama City. 







     Home   Disclaimer   Privacy Policy   Site Map   Contact Us     Defective Products :: Fort Myers, Florida Product Liability Attorney Bruce L. Scheiner Copyright © 2017,  Bruce L. Scheiner   Justia Law Firm Website Design                    Dangerous and Defective Products :: Fort Myers, Florida Dangerous Product Lawyer Bruce L. Scheiner                               Free Consultation: 800.646.1210 Tap Here To Call Us           Fort Myers, Florida Dangerous Product Lawyer Bruce L. Scheiner Home Contact Broward County, Florida Defective Product Attorney Bruce L. Scheiner    Home  Firm Overview  Attorneys  Practice Areas  Community  Giving Back  Events    FAQs  Locations  News  Blog  Contact Us       En Español                     Home     Practice Areas     Defective Products     Dangerous and Defective Products        Dangerous and Defective Products When a product is placed on a store shelf or online, consumers have a right to assume it will be safe for use.Unfortunately, product designers, manufacturers and distributors sometimes fail to keep up their end of the deal.When products don’t work as advertised or are inherently dangerous even when used properly, injuries inevitably result. The veteran product liability lawyers at Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner, Attorneys for the Injured, have committed decades to protecting the rights of consumers and families by holding accountable large manufacturers that create and sell dangerous or defective products.These companies and their insurers too frequently place profits before people. Both Florida and federal laws are clear when it comes to obligations and responsibilities of product designers, manufacturers and retailers. We work tirelessly to ensure your rights and interests are upheld under these laws.Such claims fall under an area of law known as product liability.  F.S. 768.81 (d)  defines product liability as a civil action that is based on damages caused by the manufacture, construction, design, formulation, installation, preparation or assembly of a product.The fact that virtually every industry has been subject to product liability litigation at some point reveals the pervasiveness of such problems. Some examples include:Motor vehicle products (air bag defects, seat belt failures, seat back collapses, malfunctioning pedals, faulty ignition switches, etc.)Food products (foreign objects in foods, contamination, etc.)Home maintenance productsPharmaceuticals, over-the-counter medicine and nutrition supplementsChild and infant products (toys, cribs, car seats, clothing, etc.)Lawn and garden equipmentConstruction tools and materialsSports and recreational equipmentHousewares (blenders, vacuums, etc.)The societal cost of defective products is astronomical. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission reports that among children age 5 and younger, there were an estimated 75,000 ER-treated injuries associated with defective products in 2013. Between 2009 and 2011, there were nearly 340 children whose deaths were associated with nursery products. Also in 2013, there were approximately 257,000 toy-related injuries among children 15 and younger.When we start to factor in all the injuries and deaths of other age groups associated with defective cars, construction tools, lawn equipment and other items, the monetary cost easily reaches into the billions each year.Product Liability ClaimsLiability theory in a Cape Coral or Fort Myers product liability case will depend on the kind of defect and whether the company provided any risk warning to consumers.Generally, there are three types of product liability claims:NegligenceStrict liabilityBreach of warrantyIn a negligence claim, the plaintiff has to prove that the careless design or manufacture of a product directly resulted in injury. One must show the defendant had a duty to sell a safe product, that this duty was breached (particularly if the defendant knew the product was faulty or defective), and that a defect proximately caused the plaintiff injury.When developing a product, designers and manufacturers are responsible for making sure the design is safe, that the product is put together with quality materials, that the product is adequately tested and inspected, that all reasonably foreseeable uses are anticipated and that the product isn’t rushed to market before all safety considerations are addressed.In strict liability claims, plaintiffs need only show there is some aspect of the product that is defective and injury was sustained as a result. Consideration of whether the designer/manufacturer exercised due care and caution is largely irrelevant. If there is a defect and resulting injury, a defendant can be held strictly liable. These kinds of claims will only work for products purchased firsthand (not those bought at garage sales, thrift stores or consignment shops).Breach of warranty claims focus on whether the designer/manufacturer breached its promises to the consumer. Any time a product is sold, there are two kinds of warranties: express and implied. An express warranty is a stated or written promise or representation made by the retailer or manufacturer regarding the product. An implied warranty is a promise or representation not necessarily stated, but one that is implicit in all product sales—that a product, if used as intended, will not cause harm.Legal Challenges in Product Liability LitigationCompanies can overcome these assertions if it is shown they provided proper warnings or instructions or if the consumer did not use the product as intended.Another significant challenge in any product liability case is the issue of causation. That is, consumers have to prove injuries sustained were directly caused as a result of the defendant’s breach of duty. The two essential elements that must be proven are causation-in-fact and foreseeability.To prove causation-in-fact, the plaintiff needs to show that “but for” the defendant’s negligence or defect, injury would not have occurred. In cases where more than one cause may have factored into the injury, it is sufficient for the plaintiff to demonstrate that the defendant’s negligence was a “substantial factor” contributing to the injury.To prove foreseeability, a plaintiff has to show that circumstances leading to the injury were a natural and probable consequence of the defendant’s conduct.Our experienced Fort Myers product liability attorneys understand the burden of proof necessary to win such claims, and we are dedicated to fighting for the best possible outcome for our clients. If you or a loved one has been injured in Southwest Florida, contact Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner, Attorneys for the Injured, for a free and confidential consultation to discuss your rights. There are no fees or costs unless we win. Offices in Fort Myers, Cape Coral, Naples and Port Charlotte. Call 800-646-1210 for a Free Consultation.           Client Reviews      Bruce L. Scheiner and his team were the most friendly people I've ever met they genuinely cared about me... I highly recommend them   Brooke Krause   ★★★★★              I was really satisfied with services I received. Bruce is not only an attorney, but like family. He got me three times what I thought I would receive and was always there when I needed an answer on something. I'd say he is the best attorney I have dealt with in my 68 years.   Harry Zulauf   ★★★★★     I found working with the BLS firm to be a very good experience. They kept me informed on my case, answered all my questions, and were prompt when I needed assistance.   Wendy Walker   ★★★★★     I was in an accident and BLS was very helpful and gave a lot of support. If I had any questions, it was just a phone call away. Everyone in the office is very nice and helpful.   Celeste Thompson   ★★★★★     We had a wonderful experience with everyone here. The staff and attorneys were friendly, knowledgeable, and compassionate. They inquired about our injuries and our recovery. I would highly recommend their services!   Heather Bair Daniels   ★★★★★     I have nothing but good things to say about this law firm. I can honestly say that I am very satisfied with their work and my end results. I would absolutely recommend these set of attorneys to anyone. Thank you guys for all the hard work!   Merida McDonald   ★★★★★     BLS was incredibly helpful with my case, even during the hard challenging periods of my case Bruce & PJ were always just a call away. Even though they couldn't answer my call at that direct moment, they ALWAYS made a point to call me back. The staff at Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner were always helpful and friendly, if they didn't have the answer they would always call me back with what I needed to know.   Robert Drawdy   ★★★★★             Submit a Law Firm Review & Testimonial          Contact Us  FREE CASE REVIEW 800.646.1210          First Name:      Last Name:      Email:      Phone:       Case Details:          Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.  Submit        Practice Areas    Personal Injuries   Car Accidents   Motorcycle Accidents   Trucking Accidents   Premises Liability   Slip and Fall   School Bus Accidents   Construction Accidents   Animal Attack   Assault on Business Property   Aviation Accidents   Bicycle Accidents   Boating Accidents   Bus Accidents   Car Seat/Child Abandonment   Catastrophic Injuries   Defective Child Products   Defective Products  Dangerous and Defective Products  Misfunctioning or Malfunctioning Machinery or Equipment  Motor Vehicle Product Defects  Dangerous Foods  Dangerous and Defective Drugs  Defective Child Products  Defective Child Car Seats  Passenger Injuries in Defective Vehicles  Defective Cribs and Baby Beds  Unsafe Toys  Dangerous or Flammable Children's Clothing     Dog Bite Injuries   Drowning Accidents   Elevator/Escalator Accidents   Firearm Discharge   Injuries at School   Injuries to Children   Injuries to Pedestrian   Injuries to Tourists   Landlord Liability   Negligent Security   Nursing Home Abuse   Nursing Home Bed Sores   Nursing Home Falls   Professional Malpractice   Sepsis/Infection & Florida Nursing Homes   Sexual Abuse or Assault   Sexual Assault   Swimming Pool Accidents   Watercraft and ATV      Join Our Email List      Join                                            Fort Myers Headquarters  4020 Evans Ave Fort Myers, FL 33901    Phone: 239-939-2900         Cape Coral  1407 Del Prado Blvd S #11 Cape Coral, FL 33990    Phone: 239-772-0099         Naples  2650B Airport Rd S Naples, FL 34112    Phone: 239-597-1201         Port Charlotte  2301 Tamiami Trail #E Port Charlotte, FL 33952    Phone:  941-743-7777         Mailing Address  P.O. Box 60049 Fort Myers, FL 33906       We are a statewide law practice representing injured persons throughout the entire State of Florida, including, but not limited to: Fort Myers, Cape Coral, Estero, Bonita Springs, Lehigh Acres, Fort Myers Beach, Sanibel, Naples, Port Charlotte, Punta Gorda, Immokalee, Venice, Sarasota, Bradenton, Labelle, Arcadia, Sebring, the Florida Keys, Miami-Dade County, Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Orlando, Tampa, Hillsborough County, Jacksonville, Duval County, Gainesville, Ocala, Tallahassee, West Palm Beach, St. Petersburg, Pensacola, and Panama City. 







     Home   Disclaimer   Privacy Policy   Site Map   Contact Us     Dangerous and Defective Products :: Fort Myers, Florida Dangerous Product Lawyer Bruce L. Scheiner Copyright © 2017,  Bruce L. Scheiner   Justia Law Firm Website Design                    Practice Areas :: Fort Myers, Florida Accident Attorney Bruce L. Scheiner                               Free Consultation: 800.646.1210 Tap Here To Call Us           Fort Myers, Florida Accident Attorney Bruce L. Scheiner Home Contact Cape Coral, FL Injury Lawyer Bruce L. Scheiner    Home  Firm Overview  Attorneys  Practice Areas  Community  Giving Back  Events    FAQs  Locations  News  Blog  Contact Us       En Español                     Home     Practice Areas        Practice Areas   Personal Injuries    Car Accidents  Aggressive Driving/Road Rage Accidents Car v. Bicyclist Accident Car v. Motorcycle Wreck Car v. Pedestrian Accidents Defective Vehicles Distracted Driving Accidents Drunk Driving Wrecks Hit-and-Run Accidents Parking Lot Wrecks Rollover Accidents Speeding Accidents Uninsured Motorist/Underinsured Motorist Accidents What to do in Event of an Accident   Motorcycle Accidents  Broadside Collisions Florida Helmet Law Florida Motorcycle Law Florida Motorcycle Safety Advocacy Head-On Motorcycle Collisions Hit and Run Motorcycle Accidents Impaired Driving Motorcycle Accidents Intersection Accidents (T-Bone and/or Broadside) Left Turn Collisions Limited Visibility Motorcycle Accidents Motorcycle Maneuverability Accidents Motorcycle Type - Engine Capacity On-Road Experience and Accidents Rear-End Accidents Right-of-Way Violations Serious Injuries Caused by Motorcycle Accidents Single-Bike Accidents Unsafe Lane Changing Accidents   Trucking Accidents  Southwest Florida Trucking Accidents State Rules and Regulations for Intrastate Trucking Truck Driver Fatigue Blind Spots Squeeze Play/Wide Turns Commercial Truck Accidents: Braking Ability Tractor-Trailer Brake Failure Improper Braking Technique Stopping Distance Swinging Turns Bald Tires/Tire Blowout Overweight or Overloaded Trucks Safe Loading of Trucks Falling Debris Lack of Training Black Box in Commercial Trucks Wet Roads and Trucking Collisions Improper Lane Change Work Hour Restrictions   Premises Liability  Slippery Floor Uneven Floor Children on Property – Attractive Nuisance Comparative Fault Cracks or Holes in Walking Surface Defective Property Conditions Falling Merchandise Inadequate Maintenance Inadequate Security Slip-and-Fall Trip-and-Fall Swimming Pool Drowning Visitor Status in Florida Premises Liability Lawsuit   Slip and Fall  Slippery Surface Falls Stairway Accidents Falls From Terrace or Balcony Parking Ramp Falls Sidewalk Falls Bathtub/Shower Falls Previous Complaints About Existing Hazard Determining Negligence of a Business of Property Owner Determining Negligence of Injured Individual Determining Liability Damages That May be Recovered Construction Slip & Fall Hotel Slip & Fall Nursing Home Slip & Fall Swimming Pool Slip & Fall Slip & Fall FAQ Slip & Fall Injuries Unsafe Cleaning Practices Landlord Liability Slip & Fall   School Bus Accidents    Construction Accidents  Bridge Collapse Construction Design Negligence Construction Site Falls Contractor Negligence Crane Accidents Dangerous/Unsafe/Defective Equipment Electrical Shock Electrocution/Electrical Accidents Elevator Accidents Equipment Accidents and Failures Fire and Explosion Accidents Forklift Accidents Job Site Incidents Nail Gun Accidents Negligent Supervision Retaining Wall and Trench Collapses Run-Over by Equipment Scaffolding Collapse Scaffolding Accidents Road Construction Accidents Structural Failure/Building Collapse Welding/Brazing/Cutting (Torch) Accidents Workers' Compensation Serious Injuries and Workers' Compensation Immunity   Animal Attack    Assault on Business Property    Aviation Accidents    Bicycle Accidents    Boating Accidents  Airboat Accidents Boater Operator Liability Boater Safety Law Boat Tenders Accident Boating Insurance Boating License Boating Under the Influence of Drugs and Alcohol Cabin Cruiser Accidents Canoe Injuries Center Console Runabout Accidents Defective Boats Falls - Onboard Falls Overboard Fishing Charter Injury Florida Boating Law Go-Fast Boat Accidents Hazardous Waters Inadequate Boat Maintenance Inflatable Boat Accident Jetski Accidents Kayak Accidents Paddle Board Accidents Personal Watercraft Accidents Propeller Injury/Jet Thrust Injuries Reckless/Negligent Boating Sailboat Accidents Wakeboarding Accidents Waterskiing Accidents Waverunner Accidents Boaters’ Responsibility for Own Wake (Watch Your Wake)   Bus Accidents  Passenger Vans Private Bus Accidents Public Transportation Accidents School Bus Accidents   Car Seat/Child Abandonment    Catastrophic Injuries    Defective Child Products    Defective Products  Dangerous and Defective Products Misfunctioning or Malfunctioning Machinery or Equipment Motor Vehicle Product Defects Dangerous Foods Dangerous and Defective Drugs Defective Child Products Defective Child Car Seats Passenger Injuries in Defective Vehicles Defective Cribs and Baby Beds Unsafe Toys Dangerous or Flammable Children's Clothing   Dog Bite Injuries    Drowning Accidents    Elevator/Escalator Accidents    Firearm Discharge    Injuries at School    Injuries to Children    Injuries to Pedestrian    Injuries to Tourists    Landlord Liability    Negligent Security    Nursing Home Abuse    Nursing Home Bed Sores    Nursing Home Falls    Professional Malpractice    Sepsis/Infection & Florida Nursing Homes    Sexual Abuse or Assault  Child Sexual Abuse Sexual Assault   Sexual Assault    Swimming Pool Accidents    Watercraft and ATV    Wrongful Death  Wrongful Death Caused by Boating Accidents Wrongful Death Caused by Car Accidents Wrongful Death Caused by Construction Accidents Wrongful Death Caused by Defective Products Wrongful Death Caused by Drunk Driving Wrongful Death Caused by Professional Malpractice Wrongful Death Caused by Motorcycle Accidents Wrongful Death Caused by Negligent Security Wrongful Death Caused by Premises Liability Wrongful Death Caused by Truck Accidents Wrongful Death Claims Wrongful Death Filing Cases Wrongful Death: Hiring a Lawyer Experienced in Wrongful Death Wrongful Death: Recovering for the Surviving Family           Client Reviews      Bruce L. Scheiner and his team were the most friendly people I've ever met they genuinely cared about me... I highly recommend them   Brooke Krause   ★★★★★              I was really satisfied with services I received. Bruce is not only an attorney, but like family. He got me three times what I thought I would receive and was always there when I needed an answer on something. I'd say he is the best attorney I have dealt with in my 68 years.   Harry Zulauf   ★★★★★     I found working with the BLS firm to be a very good experience. They kept me informed on my case, answered all my questions, and were prompt when I needed assistance.   Wendy Walker   ★★★★★     I was in an accident and BLS was very helpful and gave a lot of support. If I had any questions, it was just a phone call away. Everyone in the office is very nice and helpful.   Celeste Thompson   ★★★★★     We had a wonderful experience with everyone here. The staff and attorneys were friendly, knowledgeable, and compassionate. They inquired about our injuries and our recovery. I would highly recommend their services!   Heather Bair Daniels   ★★★★★     I have nothing but good things to say about this law firm. I can honestly say that I am very satisfied with their work and my end results. I would absolutely recommend these set of attorneys to anyone. Thank you guys for all the hard work!   Merida McDonald   ★★★★★     BLS was incredibly helpful with my case, even during the hard challenging periods of my case Bruce & PJ were always just a call away. Even though they couldn't answer my call at that direct moment, they ALWAYS made a point to call me back. The staff at Associates and Bruce L. Scheiner were always helpful and friendly, if they didn't have the answer they would always call me back with what I needed to know.   Robert Drawdy   ★★★★★             Submit a Law Firm Review & Testimonial          Contact Us  FREE CASE REVIEW 800.646.1210          First Name:      Last Name:      Email:      Phone:       Case Details:          Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.  Submit        Practice Areas    Personal Injuries   Car Accidents   Motorcycle Accidents   Trucking Accidents   Premises Liability   Slip and Fall   School Bus Accidents   Construction Accidents   Animal Attack   Assault on Business Property   Aviation Accidents   Bicycle Accidents   Boating Accidents   Bus Accidents   Car Seat/Child Abandonment   Catastrophic Injuries   Defective Child Products   Defective Products   Dog Bite Injuries   Drowning Accidents   Elevator/Escalator Accidents   Firearm Discharge   Injuries at School   Injuries to Children   Injuries to Pedestrian   Injuries to Tourists   Landlord Liability   Negligent Security   Nursing Home Abuse   Nursing Home Bed Sores   Nursing Home Falls   Professional Malpractice   Sepsis/Infection & Florida Nursing Homes   Sexual Abuse or Assault   Sexual Assault   Swimming Pool Accidents   Watercraft and ATV      Join Our Email List      Join                                            Fort Myers Headquarters  4020 Evans Ave Fort Myers, FL 33901    Phone: 239-939-2900         Cape Coral  1407 Del Prado Blvd S #11 Cape Coral, FL 33990    Phone: 239-772-0099         Naples  2650B Airport Rd S Naples, FL 34112    Phone: 239-597-1201         Port Charlotte  2301 Tamiami Trail #E Port Charlotte, FL 33952    Phone:  941-743-7777         Mailing Address  P.O. Box 60049 Fort Myers, FL 33906       We are a statewide law practice representing injured persons throughout the entire State of Florida, including, but not limited to: Fort Myers, Cape Coral, Estero, Bonita Springs, Lehigh Acres, Fort Myers Beach, Sanibel, Naples, Port Charlotte, Punta Gorda, Immokalee, Venice, Sarasota, Bradenton, Labelle, Arcadia, Sebring, the Florida Keys, Miami-Dade County, Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Orlando, Tampa, Hillsborough County, Jacksonville, Duval County, Gainesville, Ocala, Tallahassee, West Palm Beach, St. Petersburg, Pensacola, and Panama City. 







     Home   Disclaimer   Privacy Policy   Site Map   Contact Us     Practice Areas :: Fort Myers, Florida Accident Attorney Bruce L. Scheiner Copyright © 2017,  Bruce L. Scheiner   Justia Law Firm Website Design                  


UYEDA ALLEN BRUCE Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      UYEDA ALLEN BRUCE
                    

•   HONOLULU, HI
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Uyeda Allen Bruce is based out of Honolulu.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from UYEDA ALLEN BRUCE, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




uyeda allen bruce


797 PUUIKENA DRIVE

HONOLULU
HI
                                                        
                                                    96821









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/12/2017
4 filed on 11/21/2016
4 filed on 08/10/2016
3 filed on 08/03/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















