





Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. - Alnylam Promotes Akshay Vaishnaw to Senior Vice President, Clinical Research
















 










Alnylam





About Alnylam
About RNAi
Delivery of RNAi Therapeutics
Scientific Leadership
Strategic Alliances
Intellectual Property








Alnylam 5×15
TTR Amyloidosis (FAP)
TTR Amyloidosis (FAC)
Hemophilia
Complement-Mediated Disease
Porphyria
Cardio-Metabolic Disease
Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency
Hepatitis B Virus Infection
Beta-Thalassemia and Iron Overload Disorders
Other Pipeline Programs








Our Story
Our Culture
Careers
Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board











 
				          
				       
				       
				       
				         
				           
				          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?






Alnylam Promotes Akshay Vaishnaw to Senior Vice President, Clinical Research

01.27.2009
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 27, 2009--Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: ALNY), a leading RNAi
      therapeutics company, today announced that it has promoted Akshay
      Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D., to the role of Senior Vice President, Clinical
      Research. In this role, Dr. Vaishnaw will be responsible for continued
      leadership of the company's clinical activities; he will continue to
      report to John Maraganore, Alnylam's Chief Executive Officer.
    

      "Over the past few years, Akshay has demonstrated tremendous leadership
      in his role at Alnylam and has been instrumental in the advancement of
      our pipeline," said John Maraganore, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of
      Alnylam. "These are exciting times for the field of RNAi therapeutics,
      as important scientific and clinical advancements are being made at a
      very rapid pace. With the continued development of our respiratory
      syncytial virus (RSV) infection program, initiation of our Phase I study
      for the treatment of liver cancers, and an additional program expected
      to enter the clinic later this year, Akshay's commitment to building a
      sustainable product pipeline of innovative medicines based on RNAi has
      been an invaluable asset to the company. We look forward to his
      continued leadership."
    

      "It is such an exciting time to be working in the field of RNAi
      therapeutics. I am very proud of the progress we have made in
      translating the science of RNAi into the significant pipeline of
      development programs we have at Alnylam today," said Dr. Vaishnaw. "I am
      fortunate for the outstanding team we have in place, who are unwavering
      in their commitment to develop novel medicines for important diseases,
      such as RSV infection and liver cancer, amongst many others. The coming
      year promises to be an important one for the company, and for continued
      clinical development of RNAi therapeutics."
    

      Dr. Vaishnaw joined Alnylam in February 2006 as Vice President, Clinical
      Research. At Alnylam, he has played a significant role in the
      pre-clinical and clinical advancement of the company's pipeline of RNAi
      therapeutics, including ALN-RSV01 for the treatment of RSV infection and
      ALN-VSP for the treatment of liver cancers, as well as other programs in
      the areas of hypercholesterolemia, Huntington's disease, and
      transthyretin (TTR) amyloidosis. Dr. Vaishnaw has also served as a
      member of Alnylam's Management Team. Prior to Alnylam, Akshay served as
      Senior Director, Translational Medicine at Biogen Idec. In the seven
      years he was there he was involved in many aspects of clinical research
      and business development, and led the effort for the approval of
      alefacept (AmeviveTM) for psoriasis. Dr. Vaishnaw's other
      responsibilities at Biogen Idec included initiating a
      cross-organizational effort in Translational Medicine across all phases
      of development and multiple therapeutic areas, participating on steering
      committees for external collaborations, and in M&A activity. Dr.
      Vaishnaw received his M.D. from the University of Wales College of
      Medicine, UK, with Distinctions in Pathology and Medicine, and his Ph.D.
      from the University of London, UK, in Molecular Immunology. He is a
      Member of the Royal College of Physicians, UK, and received an Executive
      M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. In addition, Dr. Vaishnaw has
      published papers in leading scientific journals and authored a number of
      textbook chapters relating to autoimmune disease.
    

      About RNA Interference (RNAi)
    

      RNAi (RNA interference) is a revolution in biology, representing a
      breakthrough in understanding how genes are turned on and off in cells,
      and a completely new approach to drug discovery and development. Its
      discovery has been heralded as "a major scientific breakthrough that
      happens once every decade or so," and represents one of the most
      promising and rapidly advancing frontiers in biology and drug discovery
      today which was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine.
      RNAi is a natural process of gene silencing that occurs in organisms
      ranging from plants to mammals. By harnessing the natural biological
      process of RNAi occurring in our cells, the creation of a major new
      class of medicines, known as RNAi therapeutics, is on the horizon. RNAi
      therapeutics target the cause of diseases by potently silencing specific
      messenger RNAs (mRNAs), thereby preventing disease-causing proteins from
      being made. RNAi therapeutics have the potential to treat disease and
      help patients in a fundamentally new way.
    

      About Alnylam Pharmaceuticals


      Alnylam is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics
      based on RNA interference, or RNAi. The company is applying its
      therapeutic expertise in RNAi to address significant medical needs, many
      of which cannot effectively be addressed with small molecules or
      antibodies, the current major classes of drugs. Alnylam is leading the
      translation of RNAi as a new class of innovative medicines with
      peer-reviewed research efforts published in the world's top scientific
      journals including Nature, Nature Medicine, and Cell.
      The company is leveraging these capabilities to build a broad pipeline
      of RNAi therapeutics; its most advanced program is in Phase II human
      clinical trials for the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV)
      infection and is partnered with Cubist and Kyowa Hakko. In addition, the
      company is developing RNAi therapeutics for the treatment of a wide
      range of disease areas, including liver cancers, hypercholesterolemia,
      Huntington's disease, and TTR amyloidosis. The company's leadership
      position in fundamental patents, technology, and know-how relating to
      RNAi has enabled it to form major alliances with leading companies
      including Medtronic, Novartis, Biogen Idec, Roche, Takeda, Kyowa Hakko,
      and Cubist. To reflect its outlook for key scientific, clinical, and
      business initiatives, Alnylam established "RNAi 2010" in January
      2008 which includes the company's plan to significantly expand the scope
      of delivery solutions for RNAi therapeutics, have four or more programs
      in clinical development, and to form four or more new major business
      collaborations, all by the end of 2010. Alnylam is a joint owner of
      Regulus Therapeutics, a joint venture focused on the discovery,
      development, and commercialization of microRNA therapeutics. Founded in
      2002, Alnylam maintains headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts. For
      more information, please visit http://www.alnylam.com.
    

      Alnylam Forward-Looking Statements
    

      Various statements in this release concerning Alnylam's future
      expectations, plans and prospects, constitute forward-looking statements
      for the purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The Private
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ
      materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a
      result of various important factors, including the company's ability to
      successfully research and develop products, as well as those risks more
      fully discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of its most recent
      quarterly report on Form 10-Q on file with the Securities and Exchange
      Commission. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent
      Alnylam's views only as of today and should not be relied upon as
      representing its views as of any subsequent date. Alnylam does not
      assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements.
    




    CONTACT: Investors:
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Cynthia Clayton, 617-551-8207
             or
             Media:
             Yates Public Relations
Adriana Jenkins, 617-744-1713

    Source: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Search


Search



Recent Press Releases

07.27.2017
Alnylam to Host Fourth Annual "RNAi Roundtable" Webcast Series


07.10.2017
Alnylam and Sanofi Genzyme Report Positive Results from Ongoing Phase 2 Open-Label Extension Study with Investigational RNAi Therapeutic Fitusiran in Patients with Hemophilia A and B With or Without Inhibitors


07.07.2017
Alnylam and Sanofi Genzyme Initiate ATLAS Phase 3 Program with Investigational RNAi Therapeutic Fitusiran in Patients with Hemophilia A and B with or without Inhibitors

View all releases
NASDAQ: ALNY (Common)


Price:
$82.63


Change (%):
+2.93 (+3.68%)


Volume:
532,080


Data as of 4:00 PM ET on 07.28.2017Minimum 20 Minute Delay


Learn More
 




















Alnylam Appoints Akshay Vaishnaw As Chief Medical Officer - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Alnylam Appoints Akshay Vaishnaw As Chief Medical Officer






Business Wire




Jun 13, 2011 8:00 AM EDT













 


















































  Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: ALNY), a leading RNAi therapeutics company, today announced that it has promoted Akshay K. Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D., to the new position of Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Vaishnaw previously held the title of Senior Vice President, Clinical Research.  “We are delighted to promote Akshay to this new role. He has led the advancement of Alnylam’s pipeline and has aptly earned this promotion and new recognition,” said John Maraganore, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of Alnylam. “Alnylam is leading the development of RNAi therapeutics as innovative medicines. With three programs in human clinical trials currently and a total of five expected by year’s end, Akshay’s leadership has been instrumental in the transformation of our business from a platform company to a product company.”  “Through the tremendous efforts of our scientists, partners, and collaborators, the field of RNAi therapeutics has seen important progress over the last year or so, including the demonstration of safety and tolerability in an expanding human experience, proof of RNAi mechanism in man, and encouraging evidence of clinical activity,” said Dr. Vaishnaw. “I am excited by this progress and very much look forward to the coming months where we expect to have additional clinical data from our RNAi therapeutics pipeline, including ALN-TTR for the treatment of transthyretin-mediated amyloidosis, ALN-PCS for the treatment of severe hypercholesterolemia, and ALN-RSV for the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus. I am also fortunate to work with a broader team of colleagues at Alnylam who share a likeminded commitment and passion to advance RNAi therapeutics as a new class of innovative medicines.”  Dr. Vaishnaw joined Alnylam in 2006. He had previously been at Biogen Idec, where he was involved in many aspects of clinical research and business development and led the effort for the approval of alefacept (Amevive™) for psoriasis. Dr. Vaishnaw received his M.D. from the University of Wales College of Medicine, UK, and his Ph.D. from the University of London, UK, in Molecular Immunology. He is a Member of the Royal College of Physicians, UK, and received an Executive M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. In addition, Dr. Vaishnaw has published papers in leading scientific journals and authored a number of textbook chapters relating to autoimmune disease.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Tesla's Rally Has Died: Stock Falls to Sixth Worst Performer in Russell 1000
It was the seventh best performer in the index during the first half of the year.



Kinsey Grant

Jul 11, 2017 10:31 AM EDT
























Biotech Movers: Inovio, Neurocrine, Alnylam
Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Neurocrine Biosciences and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals were among the biotech movers in premarket trading on Wednesday.



Armie Margaret Lee

May 24, 2017 9:29 AM EDT
























Biotech Movers: Ionis, Alnylam, Amicus, Minerva
Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Amicus Therapeutics and Minerva Neurosciences were among the biotech movers in premarket trading on Monday.



Armie Margaret Lee

May 15, 2017 9:18 AM EDT
























Regenxbio Leads Biotech Movers Ahead of Market's Open
Also on the move were Global Blood Therapeutics, Valeant and Kite Pharma, among others.



Alicia McElhaney

Mar 22, 2017 9:31 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives Very Soon -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Akshay Vaishnaw, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Akshay Vaishnaw

Exec VP:Research & Development,
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc






Career History




Exec VP:Research & Development
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, 12/2016-PRESENT


Exec VP:Research & Dev/Chief Medical Ofcr
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, 12/2014-12/2016


Senior VP/Chief Medical Ofcr
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, 6/2011-6/2012


Senior VP:Clinical Research
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, 12/2008-6/2011


VP:Clinical Research
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, 1/2006-12/2008


Senior Dir/Translational Medicine
Biogen Idec, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.alnylam.com






Corporate Information
Address:

300 3rd Street
3rd Floor
Cambridge, MA 02142
United States


Phone:
1-617-551-8200


Fax:
1-617-551-8101


Web url:
www.alnylam.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education




MD


University of London
PhD


Harvard Business School
MBA


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Editas Medicine


Board Member, 7/2016-PRESENT




Visterra Inc


Board Member, 10/2014-PRESENT






Other Memberships




Royal College of Physicians


Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data











































Akshay Vaishnaw | Alnylam Pharmaceuticals | Email @alnylam.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Akshay Vaishnaw

 Alnylam Pharmaceuticals  EVP R&D, Chief Medical Officer




export

















300 Third St

Cambridge, MA 02142


Email format for @alnylam.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
500 - 999

Revenue:  
50 - 100 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs                    
SIC Code:  
                         2834  - Pharmaceutical Preparations








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    A Cambridge, MA-based organization, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @alnylam.com email addresses, as well as details on Akshay Vaishnaw's email, the organization's EVP R&D, Chief Medical Officer. Their profile can be found in Biotech/drugs category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Akshay Vaishnaw, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Akshay Vaishnaw are AVaishnaw@alnylam.com, Akshay.Vaishnaw@alnylam.com, Akshay@alnylam.com, and Akshay_Vaishnaw@alnylam.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alnylam.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Akshay V N - Technology
A Android Test Engineer at Qualcomm Incorporated based in San Diego, CA, Akshay V N has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Qualcomm Incorporated in our Wireless category. The company CEO is Steve Mollenkopf. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Akshay V N' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Akshay V N.  Some possible email formats for Akshay V N are AV N@qualcomm.com, Akshay.V N@qualcomm.com, Akshay@qualcomm.com, and Akshay_V N@qualcomm.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@qualcomm.com addresses.
Akshay Vadher - Executive
Akshay Vadher's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in EMIS Health's Lead411 profile and other EMIS Health email addresses with the @emishealth.com domain format.  He is part of EMIS Health where he serves as the 1st Line Support Analyst.  EMIS Health's main office is set in Leeds, AL. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Computer hardware category.  Some possible email formats for Akshay Vadher are AVadher@emishealth.com, Akshay.Vadher@emishealth.com, Akshay@emishealth.com, and Akshay_Vadher@emishealth.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@emishealth.com addresses.
Akshay Vadnere - Other
Akshay Vadnere is part of University of Texas Arlington, an organization which has its main offices in Arlington, TX.  Akshay serves as the Graduate Teaching Assistant at University of Texas Arlington.  If you're searching for University of Texas Arlington email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @uta.edu along with Akshay Vadnere's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.University of Texas Arlington's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Education/training industry.  Some possible email formats for Akshay Vadnere are AVadnere@uta.edu, Akshay.Vadnere@uta.edu, Akshay@uta.edu, and Akshay_Vadnere@uta.edu. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@uta.edu addresses.



Similar Employees:
Barry Greene - Executive
A Cambridge, MA-based organization, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @alnylam.com email addresses, as well as details on Barry Greene's email, the organization's President . Their profile can be found in Biotech/drugs category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Barry Greene, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Barry Greene are BGreene@alnylam.com, Barry.Greene@alnylam.com, Barry@alnylam.com, and Barry_Greene@alnylam.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alnylam.com addresses.
Michael Mason - Other
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals's Vice President of Finance & Treasurer is where Michael Mason is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is John Maraganore. They are based in Cambridge, MA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Biotech/drugs industry. Michael Mason's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Alnylam Pharmaceuticals email addresses on Lead411 with the @alnylam.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Michael Mason are MMason@alnylam.com, Michael.Mason@alnylam.com, Michael@alnylam.com, and Michael_Mason@alnylam.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alnylam.com addresses.
Jeffrey Cehelsky - Other
Jeffrey Cehelsky is part of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, an organization which has its main offices in Cambridge, MA.  Jeffrey serves as the Vice President Clinical Operations at Alnylam Pharmaceuticals.  If you're searching for Alnylam Pharmaceuticals email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @alnylam.com along with Jeffrey Cehelsky's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Alnylam Pharmaceuticals's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Biotech/drugs industry.  Some possible email formats for Jeffrey Cehelsky are JCehelsky@alnylam.com, Jeffrey.Cehelsky@alnylam.com, Jeffrey@alnylam.com, and Jeffrey_Cehelsky@alnylam.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alnylam.com addresses.

People Directory > Akshay Vaishnaw





















Search Index








































English
Français











Register
Sign In









 


Search Results



If you make changes to this saved search, you'll find the original and new searches in your account.
Your search filters:

Akshay Vaishnaw                  















Narrow by: 


Organization







Industry









Health Care






Health Care
Show Top 5




Subject








Directors And Officers






Directors And Officers
Show Top 5




Tag





Akshay Vaishnaw





EARNINGS


WEBCAST


CONFERENCE CALL


SOFTWARE


BANKING

Show More






EARNINGS


WEBCAST


CONFERENCE CALL


SOFTWARE


BANKING


HEALTH


MEDICAL


ENERGY


INTERNATIONAL


BIOTECHNOLOGY


PHARMACEUTICALS


TELECOMMUNICATIONS


MANAGEMENT CHANGES


INTERNET


CONTRACTS


PRODUCT


RETAIL


CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS


ELECTRONICS


CORPORATE


OIL


MANUFACTURING


DIVIDEND


ENTERTAINMENT


REAL ESTATE
Show Top 5




Date Published



Past 24 hours

Past week

Past month

Custom range...

None



                    Between
                    


                    &
                    

Search



Language








English






English
Show Top 5




Country








United States






United States
Show Top 5




State/Province








Massachusetts






Massachusetts
Show Top 5






                Stock Market
            



Private Companies







Nasdaq






Nasdaq
Show Top 5




Continent










Show Top 5








                        Showing 1-1 of about 1 articles.
                    

1










Editas Medicine


Editas Medicine Appoints Akshay Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D., to its Board of Directors







                about 364 days ago 
                 







                        Showing 1-1 of about 1 articles.
                    

1
 












Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





 



Alnylam Appoints Akshay Vaishnaw as Chief Medical Officer | Business Wire
























































Alnylam Appoints Akshay Vaishnaw as Chief Medical Officer






June 13, 2011 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Alnylam 
      Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: ALNY), a leading RNAi therapeutics 
      company, today announced that it has promoted Akshay K. Vaishnaw, M.D., 
      Ph.D., to the new position of Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Vaishnaw 
      previously held the title of Senior Vice President, Clinical Research.
    


      “We are delighted to promote Akshay to this new role. He has led the 
      advancement of Alnylam’s pipeline and has aptly earned this promotion 
      and new recognition,” said John Maraganore, Ph.D., Chief Executive 
      Officer of Alnylam. “Alnylam is leading the development of RNAi 
      therapeutics as innovative medicines. With three programs in human 
      clinical trials currently and a total of five expected by year’s end, 
      Akshay’s leadership has been instrumental in the transformation of our 
      business from a platform company to a product company.”
    

      “Through the tremendous efforts of our scientists, partners, and 
      collaborators, the field of RNAi therapeutics has seen important 
      progress over the last year or so, including the demonstration of safety 
      and tolerability in an expanding human experience, proof of RNAi 
      mechanism in man, and encouraging evidence of clinical activity,” said 
      Dr. Vaishnaw. “I am excited by this progress and very much look forward 
      to the coming months where we expect to have additional clinical data 
      from our RNAi therapeutics pipeline, including ALN-TTR for the treatment 
      of transthyretin-mediated amyloidosis, ALN-PCS for the treatment of 
      severe hypercholesterolemia, and ALN-RSV for the treatment of 
      respiratory syncytial virus. I am also fortunate to work with a broader 
      team of colleagues at Alnylam who share a likeminded commitment and 
      passion to advance RNAi therapeutics as a new class of innovative 
      medicines.”
    

      Dr. Vaishnaw joined Alnylam in 2006. He had previously been at Biogen 
      Idec, where he was involved in many aspects of clinical research and 
      business development and led the effort for the approval of alefacept 
      (Amevive™) for psoriasis. Dr. Vaishnaw received his M.D. from the 
      University of Wales College of Medicine, UK, and his Ph.D. from the 
      University of London, UK, in Molecular Immunology. He is a Member of the 
      Royal College of Physicians, UK, and received an Executive M.B.A. from 
      Harvard Business School. In addition, Dr. Vaishnaw has published papers 
      in leading scientific journals and authored a number of textbook 
      chapters relating to autoimmune disease.
    

About RNA Interference (RNAi)


      RNAi (RNA interference) is a revolution in biology, representing a 
      breakthrough in understanding how genes are turned on and off in cells, 
      and a completely new approach to drug discovery and development. Its 
      discovery has been heralded as “a major scientific breakthrough that 
      happens once every decade or so,” and represents one of the most 
      promising and rapidly advancing frontiers in biology and drug discovery 
      today which was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. 
      RNAi is a natural process of gene silencing that occurs in organisms 
      ranging from plants to mammals. By harnessing the natural biological 
      process of RNAi occurring in our cells, the creation of a major new 
      class of medicines, known as RNAi therapeutics, is on the horizon. Small 
      interfering RNAs (siRNAs), the molecules that mediate RNAi and comprise 
      Alnylam’s RNAi therapeutic platform, target the cause of diseases by 
      potently silencing specific mRNAs, thereby preventing disease-causing 
      proteins from being made. RNAi therapeutics have the potential to treat 
      disease and help patients in a fundamentally new way.
    

About Alnylam Pharmaceuticals


      Alnylam is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics 
      based on RNA interference, or RNAi. The company is leading the 
      translation of RNAi as a new class of innovative medicines with a core 
      focus on RNAi therapeutics for the treatment of genetically defined 
      diseases, including ALN-TTR for the treatment of transthyretin-mediated 
      amyloidosis (ATTR), ALN-PCS for the treatment of severe 
      hypercholesterolemia, and ALN-HPN for the treatment of refractory 
      anemia. As part of its “Alnylam 5x15TM” strategy, the company 
      expects to have five RNAi therapeutic products for genetically defined 
      diseases in advanced stages of clinical development by the end of 2015. 
      Alnylam has additional partner-based programs in clinical or development 
      stages, including ALN-RSV01 for the treatment of respiratory syncytial 
      virus (RSV) infection, ALN-VSP for the treatment of liver cancers, and 
      ALN-HTT for the treatment of Huntington’s disease. The company’s 
      leadership position on RNAi therapeutics and intellectual property have 
      enabled it to form major alliances with leading companies including 
      Merck, Medtronic, Novartis, Biogen Idec, Roche, Takeda, Kyowa Hakko 
      Kirin, and Cubist. In addition, Alnylam and Isis co-founded Regulus 
      Therapeutics Inc., a company focused on discovery, development, and 
      commercialization of microRNA therapeutics; Regulus has formed 
      partnerships with GlaxoSmithKline and sanofi-aventis. Alnylam has also 
      formed Alnylam Biotherapeutics, a division of the company focused on the 
      development of RNAi technologies for application in biologics 
      manufacturing, including recombinant proteins and monoclonal antibodies. 
      Alnylam scientists and collaborators have published their research on 
      RNAi therapeutics in over 100 peer-reviewed papers, including many in 
      the world’s top scientific journals such as Nature, Nature 
      Medicine, Nature Biotechnology, and Cell. Founded in 
      2002, Alnylam maintains headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts. For 
      more information, please visit www.alnylam.com.
    

Alnylam Forward-Looking Statements


      Various statements in this release concerning Alnylam’s future 
      expectations, plans and prospects, including without limitation, 
      statements regarding Alnylam’s expectations with respect to its “Alnylam 
      5x15” product strategy and the potential for RNAi therapeutics, 
      including ALN-VSP, ALN-TTR, ALN-PCS, and ALN-RSV, and its expectations 
      regarding the generation and reporting of clinical data from such 
      programs, constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the 
      safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform 
      Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated 
      by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important 
      factors, including, without limitation, Alnylam’s ability to discover 
      and develop novel drug candidates, successfully demonstrate the efficacy 
      and safety of its drug candidates, including ALN-VSP, ALN-TTR, ALN-PCS, 
      and ALN-RSV, in human clinical trials and establish and maintain 
      strategic business alliances, as well as those risks more fully 
      discussed in the “Risk Factors” section of its most recent quarterly 
      report on Form 10-Q on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      In addition, any forward-looking statements represent Alnylam’s views 
      only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing its views 
      as of any subsequent date. Alnylam does not assume any obligation to 
      update any forward-looking statements.
    


Contacts

Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Cynthia Clayton, 617-551-8207Senior 
      Director, Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsorMedia:SpectrumAmanda 
      Sellers, 202-955-6222 x2597
    

















Contacts

Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Cynthia Clayton, 617-551-8207Senior 
      Director, Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsorMedia:SpectrumAmanda 
      Sellers, 202-955-6222 x2597
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















News on Akshay Vaishnaw


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Akshay Vaishnaw                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Akshay Vaishnaw











ALL'S NOT WELL AT ALNYLAM : Shares dive 48 percent


                                October 7, 2016                                 • 
                                Boston Herald                            


                                  ... in a statement Wednesday. 'Patient safety comes first.' Alnylam chief medical officer Akshay Vaishnaw also said 18 of the 206 patients died during the trial, ...
                                









Alnylam opens new development and commercial hub in Maidenhead


                                September 23, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... programmes in development across our three Strategic Therapeutic Areas or STArs," said Akshay Vaishnaw, Executive VP of R&D and Chief Medical Officer at Alnylam. "We're ...
                                









Alnylam to Expand Global Footprint with New European Office in Maidenhead, UK


                                September 20, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... programmes in development across our three Strategic Therapeutic Areas or STArs," said Akshay Vaishnaw, Executive VP of R&D and Chief Medical Officer at Alnylam. "We're ...
                                









Editas Medicine Appoints Akshay Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D., to its Board of Directors


                                July 29, 2016                                 • 
                                GlobeNewswire                            


                                  ... (NASDAQ:EDIT), a leading genome editing company, announced today the appointment of Akshay Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D., to its board of directors. Dr. Vaishnaw is Executive Vice ...
                                









Scholar Rock Announces Appointment of Leading Fibrosis Expert Dr. Scott L. Friedman to Scientific Advisory Board


                                January 4, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... (Oregon Health & Sciences University and Portland Shriners Research Center); and Akshay Vaishnaw, MD, PhD (Alnylam Pharmaceuticals). About Supracellular Activation Scholar Rock was founded on ...
                                









Akshay Vaishnaw sold $1.05M worth of shares in Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in June 2015


                                July 8, 2015                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










On the Move: Recent hires and appointments at local life science firms


                                November 7, 2014                                 • 
                                Boston Business Journal                            


                                  ... area lead for infectious diseases at Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Visterra has also named Akshay Vaishnaw, chief medical officer of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, to its board. RainDance Technologies ...
                                









Visterra Announces Additions to Its Management Team and Board of Directors: - Veteran Biotech Executive José M. Trevejo, MD, PhD, to Head Clinical Development and Regulatory Affairs; Industry Leader Akshay Vaishnaw, MD, PhD, FRCP Elected to Board 


                                October 31, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... and is a licensed physician with board certification in infectious disease. Dr. Vaishnaw Biography Dr. Vaishnaw is currently Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer ...
                                









Alnylam trumpets early promise for its Sanofi-partnered RNAi drug


                                October 13, 2014                                 • 
                                FierceBiotech                            


                                  ... even reverse disease progression with associated clinical benefit," Alnylam Chief Medical Officer Akshay Vaishnaw said in a statement. Now the company is hoping to duplicate ...
                                









Alnylam provides early signs of effectiveness of its gene-focused drugs


                                October 13, 2014                                 • 
                                Boston Business Journal                            


                                  ... stabilization of neuropathy progression after the first six months of treatment," said Akshay Vaishnaw, chief medical officer of Alnylam, in a statement. "These data will ...
                                









Former COO at Aveo, $20M investment come to biotech startup Scholar Rock


                                September 15, 2014                                 • 
                                Boston Business Journal                            


                                  ... Rockefeller University and head of the blood and platelet lab there, and Akshay Vaishnaw, chief medical officer at Alnylam Pharmaceuticals. Did you find this article ...
                                









Scholar Rock Announces Appointment of Leading Clinicians to Scientific Advisory Board


                                September 15, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Scientific Advisory Board: Barry S. Coller, MD, of The Rockefeller University Akshay Vaishnaw, MD, PhD, of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. Coller is Physician in Chief, ...
                                









Akshay Vaishnaw sold $1.67M worth of shares in Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in December 2013


                                January 8, 2014                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            








Related News Feeds






Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







Pharmaceuticals







Board and Executive Moves in Pharmaceuticals







Alumni of Harvard University - Harvard Business School

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤























Akshay Vaishnaw - Alnylam Pharma Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsAkshay VaishnawAlnylam Pharma (ALNY)EVP, R&D, CMO Not RankedAkshay Vaishnaw's PerformanceAkshay Vaishnaw has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Alnylam Pharma (ALNY)$476KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesAlnylam Pharma (ALNY): EVP, R&D, CMOSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Alnylam Pharma (ALNY)Transaction Type: Informative BuyDates: Nov 30, 2015 - Nov 30, 2016Gain: -57.8%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Akshay Vaishnaw's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateALNYAlnylam PharmaEVP, R&D, CMO$476,167Uninformative Buy$31,953.3Jun 15, 2017EDITEditas Medicine IncDirector-See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























 






Akshay Vaishnaw, EVP, Chief Medical Officer, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Akshay Vaishnaw



EVP, Chief Medical Officer
at
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals


Location: Boston, MA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Akshay Vaishnaw



EVP, Chief Medical Officer
at
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals


Location: Boston, MA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Dr. Vaishnaw is currently Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which he joined in 2006. Under his leadership at Alnylam, the company is developing a novel class of medicines, RNAi therapeutics, from which seven distinct programs have entered clinical trials.
Previously, Dr. Vaishnaw was Senior Director, Translational Medicine at Biogen, Inc. (now Biogen Idec Inc.), where he was involved in many aspects of clinical research and business development, and led the effort for the approval of alefacept (Amevive™) for psoriasis. Dr. Vaishnaw received his MD from the University of Wales College of Medicine, U.K., with Distinctions in Pathology and Medicine, and his PhD from the University of London, U.K., in Molecular Immunology. He is a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, U.K.



2

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





N/A

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
Clinical Research, Medical Research, Medicine




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Akshay VaishnawCareer (3)






2014




Visterra



Board Member







Jul-2012




Alnylam Pharmaceuticals



EVP, Chief Medical Officer







Jul-2011 to Jun-2012




Alnylam Pharmaceuticals



SVP, Chief Medical Officer








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Akshay VaishnawEducation (6)






2014



Royal College of Physicians, UK


FRCP, Internal Medicine






2004



Harvard Business School


Program for Management Development






1998



Cornell University Medical Center


Rheumatology Fellow/ SLE Foundation Fellow, Rheumatology, mechanisms of autoimmunity






1995



University of London, UK


Immunology






1988



Royal College of Physicians, UK


MRCP, Internal Medicine






1986



University of Wales College of Medicine, Cardiff, UK


Medicine









 Edit



Akshay VaishnawAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Akshay Vaishnaw






 Edit



Akshay VaishnawLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Akshay Vaishnaw









Akshay VaishnawInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Akshay Vaishnaw









Akshay VaishnawInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Akshay Vaishnaw








Akshay VaishnawRelated People





No colleagues and peers has been recorded for Akshay Vaishnaw








View all 



Akshay VaishnawRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies


















