



Advisory Board | Renaissance Venture Capital Fund























 


































Advisory Board






Sam Valenti III (Chairman) is Chairman of Valenti Capital, an investment firm located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. Valenti Capital manages several hundred million dollars in hedge funds, venture capital funds, and other private equity investments. Mr. Valenti is also the Executive Chairman of TriMas Corporation. TriMas is a NYSE listed diversified manufacturing company. Formerly a senior executive, corporate officer and 30 year veteran of Masco Corporation, a Fortune 500 manufacturer of home building and home improvement products with sales approaching $8 billion, Mr. Valenti was the youngest person to be named vice president in the 70-year history of Masco. For over 25 years, he was the leader of a team of investment professionals involved in a wide array of investment activities including stock and bond investment, commodity hedging, merger and acquisition analysis, and venture capital investing. He continues to serve as president of Masco Capital Corporation, the investment subsidiary of Masco Corporation, with assets of several hundred million dollars.
Mr. Valenti is the recent chairman and a 15-year veteran of the Investment Advisory Committee of the $50 billion State of Michigan Retirement System. He serves on the Harvard Business School Advisory Council for Global Corporate Governance, the Advisory Council at the University of Notre Dame, and the Advisory Boards of Questor, Long Point, Doll Capital, Camelot and Enterprise Development Fund. In addition, he is a former member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of The Endowment Committee for the Center for Creative Studies and Chairman of the Investment Committee of the Cranbrook Educational Community. He was a member of the board of directors of Children’s Hospital, Arbor Drug, and the endowment committee of the Detroit Institute of Arts. Mr. Valenti received his Bachelor of Arts, with honors, and his Master Arts, also with honors, from Western Michigan University.
Richard M. Gabrys – The former Interim Dean of the School of Business Administration of Wayne State University and retired Vice Chairman of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Mr. Gabrys has more than four decades of experience in public accounting, including extensive service to a variety of publicly held companies in the automotive manufacturing, financial services, and healthcare industries. Most recently, he served as a vice chairman in Deloitte’s U.S. Global Strategic Client Group, and as a global and U.S. leader of the firm’s manufacturing and automotive practices. In addition, he assisted a number of large corporations with their implementation of the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. Previously, Mr. Gabrys served as the operations leader for Deloitte’s Financial Institutions Industry Group and served as the U.S. representative on its Global Banking Committee. He also previously served as lead audit partner and advisory partner to a number of financial and healthcare organizations.
Mr. Gabrys is also a member of the board of the National Association of Manufacturers and the board of the Manufacturing Institute. In addition, he is active on the boards and advisory councils of a number of organizations in the metropolitan Detroit area. He is past chairman of the board of the Detroit Medical Center, the Board of Directors for the Detroit Regional Chamber, and the Michigan State Chamber of Commerce. He is the treasurer of the Detroit Institute of Arts, as well as chair of its Finance Committee and a member of its Executive Committee. He is the former chairman of the Board of the Detroit Economic Growth Corporation. He also serves on the boards of ArtServe Michigan and The Alliance for a Greater Safer Detroit.
Erik Lundberg is the Chief Investment Officer at the University of Michigan, responsible for directing and overseeing the University’s $9.4 billion in investment programs which includes the 7th largest endowment among U.S. educational institutions. His primary responsibilities include developing and implementing asset allocation for all of the University’s investment programs, evaluating current and prospective investment managers, exploring alternative investment strategies, and ensuring successful communication and relations with the University and its Investment Advisory Committee. Prior to joining the University in 1999, Mr. Lundberg held several positions with Ameritech’s investment office, which was charged with overseeing $22 billion in pension and other plan assets. His responsibilities there included leading global asset allocation activities and managing the company’s U.S. and non-U.S. equity programs.
Doug Rothwell has worked as an executive in the public, private and non-profit sectors having worked for three state Governor’s and two Fortune 500 companies.  Currently, Doug is President & CEO of Business Leaders for Michigan.  He helped form this organization and develop the Michigan Turnaround Plan, a five-step strategy to make Michigan a top ten state for job & economic growth that has gained broad support throughout the state. Prior to joining Detroit Renaissance, Doug served as Executive Director of Worldwide Real Estate for General Motors.
Doug also founded and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Michigan Economic Development Corporation. During his ten-year tenure, Michigan was named the number one state for attracting and retaining corporate site location investments an unprecedented four years in a row, was cited for achieving one of the top business climates in the nation, and was consistently named the best state economic development agency. His work continues to serve as the foundation for much of Michigan’s economic development strategy, including: Renaissance Zones, Smart Zones, Brownfield redevelopment incentives, MEGA tax credits, economic development job training grants, M-TEC training centers, the NextEnergy initiative and business retention program. Previously he served as Chief of Staff to the Governor of Delaware and was an Executive Vice President at MBNA Corporation, the nation’s second largest credit card issuer (now part of Bank of America).




























 


Insider Trading - Valenti Samuel III - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Valenti Samuel III





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-09Purchase
2016-11-104:12 pm
American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc
AXL
Valenti Samuel IIIDirector
10,000
$13.44
$134,352
26,820(Direct)
View


2015-11-12Purchase
2015-11-161:05 pm
Horizon Global Corp
HZN
Valenti Samuel IIIDirector
10,000
$8.96
$89,600
21,788(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-07-01Option Award
2016-07-055:02 pm
N/AN/A
Horizon Global Corp
HZN
Valenti Samuel IIIDirector
6,785
$0
28,573(Direct)
View


2016-05-05Option Award
2016-05-094:47 pm
N/AN/A
American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc
AXL
Valenti Samuel IIIDirector
7,349
$0
16,820(Direct)
View


2016-05-05Option Award
2016-05-094:34 pm
N/AN/A
American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc
AXL
Valenti Samuel IIIDirector
7,349
$0
16,820(Direct)
View


2016-03-01Option Award
2016-03-032:16 pm
N/AN/A
Trimas Corp
TRS
Valenti Samuel IIIChairmanDirector
5,882
$0
23,269(Direct)
View


2015-08-15Option Award
2015-08-189:41 pm
N/AN/A
Horizon Global Corp
HZN
Valenti Samuel IIIDirector
6,436
$0
11,788(Direct)
View


2015-04-30Option Award
2015-05-014:06 pm
N/AN/A
American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc
AXL
Valenti Samuel IIIDirector
4,012
$0
9,471(Direct)
View


2015-03-01Option Award
2015-03-039:02 pm
N/AN/A
Trimas Corp
TRS
Valenti Samuel IIIChairmanDirector
3,338
$0
16,720(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 22:44:02 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Samuel Valenti III: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:44 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of World Capital Partners L.L.C.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Samuel   Valenti IIIPresident, CEO, Chief Investment Officer, and Chairman, World Capital Partners L.L.C.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships71--
Background

		Mr. Samuel Valenti, III, also known as Sam, serves as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Investment Officer of Valenti Capital LLC and World Capital Partners L.L.C. Mr. Valenti serves as Senior Advisor to GreenLeaf Trust Bank. He serves as a Co-Founder and Managing Partner at V5 Partners. Mr. Valenti served as the President of Masco Capital Corporation since 1988 until 2008. He served as Senior Executive, Corporate Officer and veteran of Masco ... Corporation from 1968 to 2008. He served as an Executive Chairman of TriMas Corporation from November 2005 to November 2008. He served as Senior Managing Director and Partner of Heartland Industrial Partners, L.P. and its Special Advisor until November 2005. He served as Vice President of Investments of Masco Corp. from May 1974 to October 1998 and Senior Executive and Corporate Officer from May 1977 to October 1998. He served as an Advisor of Financial Services & Insurance for TMX Communications Inc. He was Leader for over 25 years of a team of investment professionals involved in a wide array of investment activities including stock and bond investment, commodity hedging, merger and acquisition analysis and venture capital investing. He has been the Chairman of Trimas Corporation since June 2002. He serves as Chairman of Masco Corp. He serves as a Director of American Axle Corporation and TriMas Corporation. He has been an Independent Director of American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc. since October 31, 2013. He has been Director at American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. since 2013. He serves on the Advisory Boards of Questor, Long Point, Doll Capital and Camelot. He served as a Co-Chair of the Board at Horizon Global Corporation from June 29, 2015 to June 30, 2016 and has been its Director since June 22, 2015. He served as the Chairman of Business Leaders for Michigan and serves as its Director. He served as a Director of Oldco M Corporation from November 28, 2000 to July 2006 and Masco Corp. from 1988 to March 2008. Mr. Valenti served as a Director of Collins & Aikman LLC and Collins & Aikman Products LLC from February 2001 to September 2004; Metaldyne Corp. from November 28, 2000 to July 11, 2006 and Arbor Drugs, Inc. since 1992. He served as a Director of Masco Capital Corp. from 1988 to March 2008. He served as Chairman of the Investment Advisory Board of the $50 billion State of Michigan retirement system. Mr. Valenti is one of the 80 members of the Business Leaders for Michigan. He serves on the Advisory Board at the University of Michigan Business School Zell-Lurie Institute. In his nearly 20 year participation with the Advisory Board, Mr. Valenti spearheaded the State's initial investments in venture capital as well as a broad range of alternative investments. He serves on the Harvard Business School Advisory Council for Global Corporate Governance and the Advisory Council at the University of Notre Dame. He was Director of Children's Hospital and the Center for Creative Studies. Mr. Valenti was Crain's Newsmaker of the Year for 2007; recipient of the 2010 "Spirit of Michigan" award, presented at the Accelerate Michigan Innovation Competition and was presented the 2012 Crain's M&A Lifetime Achievement Award. Mr. Valenti has extensive knowledge and expertise in the management of diversified manufacturing businesses and subject matter expertise in the areas of finance, economics, corporate governance and asset management. Mr. Valenti holds a Masters of Arts degree in Economics, with distinction, from Western Michigan University and a Bachelors of Arts Degree, Magna Cum Laude.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
39400 Woodward AvenueBloomfield Hills, Michigan 48304-5151United StatesPhone: 248-593-8800Fax: 248-203-6425
Board Members Memberships
DirectorBusiness Leaders for MichiganPresident, CEO, Chief Investment Officer, and ChairmanWorld Capital Partners L.L.C.2002-PresentChairmanTriMas Corporation2013-PresentIndependent DirectorAmerican Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.2013-PresentDirectorAmerican Axle & Manufacturing, Inc.2015-PresentDirectorHorizon Global Corporation
Education
MA Western Michigan UniversityBA Western Michigan University
Other Affiliations
Heartland Industrial Partners, L.P.American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.Collins & Aikman LLCOldco M CorporationArbor Drugs, Inc.TriMas CorporationCollins & Aikman Products LLCHeartland Industrial Partners I, L.P.Business Leaders for MichiganWestern Michigan UniversityAmerican Axle & Manufacturing, Inc.TriMas Company, L.L.C.TMX Communications Inc.Renaissance Venture Capital Fund I, LPHorizon Global CorporationV5 Partners


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact World Capital Partners L.L.C., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Samuel Zell & Robert H. Lurie Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies



























































Samuel Valenti IIIValenti
                      Capital






Mr. Valenti is  Chairman of the Board of TriMas Corporation, a publicly traded billion dollar  manufacturer of highly engineered precision products for industry. Mr. Valenti  also serves as Chairman and C.E.O. of Valenti Capital and World Capital  Partners, investment firms located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.

He is the former President of Masco  Capital Corporation, and a 40 year veteran of Masco Corporation, a Fortune 500  manufacturer of homebuilding and home improvement products.
Mr. Valenti is the former  Chairman of the Investment Advisory Board of the $50 billion State of Michigan  retirement system. In his nearly 20 year participation with the Advisory Board,  Mr. Valenti spearheaded the State’s initial investments in venture capital as  well as a broad range of alternative investments.
He served on the Harvard  Business School Advisory Council, and also served on the Advisory Council at  the University of Notre Dame. He serves on the Advisory Board, at the  University of Michigan Business School Zell-Lurie Institute.
Mr.  Valenti is one of the 80 members of the Business Leaders for Michigan and  serves as Chairman of the Business Leaders for Michigan, Renaissance Venture  Capital Fund. Mr. Valenti was Crain’s Newsmaker of the Year for 2007; recipient  of the 2010 “Spirit of Michigan” award, presented at the Accelerate Michigan  Innovation Competition and was presented the 2012 Crain’s M&A Lifetime  Achievement Award.





























Samuel Zell & Robert H. Lurie Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies



























































Samuel Valenti IIIValenti
                      Capital






					Samuel Valenti III is Chairman of TriMas 
						Corporation and Chairman and CEO of Valenti Capital, an investment firm in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.                         
					     He is the former President of Masco Capital Corporation, a subsidiary of Masco Corporation, a Fortune 500 manufacturer of homebuilding and home improvement products.
                        Mr. Valenti is the former chairman of the Investment 
						Advisory Committee of the $50 billion State of Michigan 
						Retirement System. He serves on the Harvard Business 
						School Advisory Council and the Advisory Council at the 
						University of Notre Dame. Mr. Valenti is a member of the 
						Board of Directors of Detroit Renaissance, Inc., and 
						serves as Chairman of the Detroit Renaissance 
						Fund-of-Funds Initiative.





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Samuel Valenti III - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Samuel Valenti III
Chairman at TriMas Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Samuel Valenti III? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Samuel Valenti III's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Samuel Valenti III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Samuel Valenti III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Samuel Valenti III through your network of contacts.
												








Samuel Valenti III's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman, 
TriMas Corporation


Board Member, 
American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view Samuel Valenti III's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
71

 
 


Samuel Valenti III's Biography



Mr. Valenti is currently chair of Valenti Capital LLC. Mr. Valenti was employed by Masco Corporation, a home improvement and building products manufacturer, from 1968 through 2008. From 1988 through 2008, Mr. Valenti was president and a member of the board of Masco Capital Corporation, and was vice president-investments of Masco Corporation from 1974 to 1998.

Other Boards and Appointments
Mr. Valenti was appointed to the board of Horizon Global Corporation ("Horizon"), a manufacturer of towing, trailering, and cargo management components, in June 2015, serving as co-chair of the board from June 2015 until June 2016. He also serves as a me ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Valenti is currently chair of Valenti Capital LLC. Mr. Valenti was employed by Masco Corporation, a home improvement and building products manufacturer, from 1968 through 2008. From 1988 through 2008, Mr. Valenti was president and a member of the board of Masco Capital Corporation, and was vice president-investments of Masco Corporation from 1974 to 1998.

Other Boards and Appointments
Mr. Valenti was appointed to the board of Horizon Global Corporation ("Horizon"), a manufacturer of towing, trailering, and cargo management components, in June 2015, serving as co-chair of the board from June 2015 until June 2016. He also serves as a member of the audit, compensation, and nominating and governance committees of Horizon. Horizon was previously a subsidiary of the Company that became an independent public company pursuant to a spin-off that was effective as of June 30, 2015 (the "Spin Off"). Mr. Valenti was named a director of American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc., a manufacturer of automotive driveline and drivetrain components and systems, in October 2013. He also serves as a member of the audit committee and the strategy committee for American Axle. Mr. Valenti is the former chair of the investment advisory committee of the State of Michigan retirement system and served on the Harvard Business School Advisory Council. He currently serves on the advisory council at the University of Notre Dame and the advisory board at the University of Michigan Business School Zell-Lurie Institute. Mr. Valenti is a member of Business Leaders for Michigan and serves as chair of the Renaissance Venture Capital Fund.
Director Qualifications
As chair of the Company's board since 2002 and as an executive of Masco for 40 years, Mr. Valenti has extensive knowledge and expertise in the management of diversified manufacturing businesses and subject matter expertise in the areas of finance, economics, corporate governance, and asset management.
		
Source: TriMas Corporation on 04/05/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Samuel Valenti III's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Samuel Valenti III. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Samuel Valenti III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Samuel Valenti III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Samuel Valenti III through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Samuel Valenti III


















Samuel Valenti III's Connections (89)





Sign up now to view Samuel Valenti III's 89 connections »









Alberto L. Satine
President, Driveline, American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.









James A. McCaslin
Board Member, American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.









William P. Miller
Board Member, American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.









Joshua A. Sherbin
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, and Corporate Secretary, TriMas Corporation









John F. Smith
Board Member, Covisint Corporation









Terry J. Woychowski
Former Senior Vice President, Advanced Engineering, American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.









Michael Losh
Board Member, H.B. Fuller









David C. Dauch
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.









Norman Willemse
President, Metal Formed Products, American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.









Jeffrey M. Stafeil
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Adient plc








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













      
	Samuel Valenti III
     





Media


Investors


Suppliers


Aftermarket


Contact







Stock Price: 

















 














Leadership starts here











Who We Are






Leadership


 
Board of Directors




 
Management









Our History


 
AAM's Founder






 
Global Presence




 
Company Culture




 
Social Responsibility










Who We Are 
Leadership 
Board of Directors 

 








Our Leadership

Samuel Valenti III
Director since 2013


Mr. Valenti serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Valenti Capital LLC and World Capital Partners, investment firms located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. Since 2002, Mr. Valenti has served as Chairman of the Board of TriMas Corporation, a manufacturer of highly engineered precision products for industry. Until 2008, Mr. Valenti had a 40-year career with Masco Corporation, a Fortune 500 manufacturer of home building and home improvement products, serving as Vice President - Investments from 1974 to 1998. From 1988 to 2008, Mr. Valenti was President and a member of the Board of Directors of Masco Capital Corporation. Mr. Valenti is a member of the Business Leaders for Michigan and serves as Chairman of the Renaissance Venture Capital Fund. 
















Featured Articles





AAM Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results







AAM to Webcast and Teleconference Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 28










Upcoming Events


July 31-August 3, 2017


Center for Automotive Research (CAR) Management Briefing Seminars


  Learn More





December 5-6, 2017


CTI Symposium - Europe


  Learn More










 










American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc.One Dauch DriveDetroit, MI 48211-1198




































©American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc.
All Rights Reserved 





Site Map
|Terms of Use & Policy
















X
American Axle Terms of Use & Privacy Policy

Terms of UseATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS ("TERMS"), DO NOT USE THIS SITE.Use of AAM WebsiteAmerican Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. ("AAM") authorizes you to view and download the materials on this website for personal use only, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify, reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use for any public or commercial purpose, any of the materials or data presented in this website without the express written permission of AAM or the copyright owner. For purposes of these Terms, any use of these materials on any other Internet site or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials on this website are copyrighted and AAM reserves the rights to all material on this site with regard to any copyright, trademark, or other laws.Right to Change TermsAAM reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms at any time. All such changes to these Terms will appear on this page. By using the website following any modifications to these Terms, you agree to be bound by any such modifications. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features to the current website shall be subject to these Terms.User SubmissionOther than personally identifiable information, any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to this website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary ("Communications"). Your act of transmission or posting will signify your recognition that AAM will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. AAM and its designees may copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.DisclaimerTHE MATERIALS AND SERVICES PROVIDED AT THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. AAM does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials or services at this website. AAM may make changes to the materials and services at this website, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. The materials and services at this website may be out of date, and AAM makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this website. Information published at this website may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. Such references do not suggest that AAM intends to announce such products, programs or services in your country. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityAAM and its suppliers will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use of this website, information, data or services contained on this website or any link to this site, including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption, whether such damages are based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. All use is at your own risk, and you assume all costs of such risk.Links to Other WebsitesLinks to other, non-AAM Internet sites are provided solely for convenience. If you use these links, you will leave this website. AAM has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. AAM does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. Use of third party sites is entirely at your own risk.Applicable LawsThis website is administered by American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc., Detroit, Michigan, United States of America. AAM makes no representation that materials or services at this website are appropriate or available for use outside the United States. You may not use or export or re-export such materials or services, or any copy or adaptation thereof, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access this website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.Unlawful or Prohibited UseAs a condition of your use of the website, you will not use it for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any AAM server, or the network(s) connected to any AAM server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the website. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to services, materials, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any AAM server or to the website, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the website.Unsolicited IdeasNeither AAM nor its employees accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new advertising campaigns, new promotions, new or improved products or technologies, product enhancements, processes, materials, marketing plans or new product names. Please do not send any original creative artwork, suggestions or other works. The sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when AAM's product or marketing strategies might seem similar to ideas submitted to AAM. If, despite our request that you not send us your ideas, you still send them, then regardless of what your letter says, the following terms shall apply to your idea submission. You agree that: (1) your ideas will automatically become the property of AAM, without compensation to you, and (2) AAM can use the ideas for any purpose and in any way, even give them to others.Copyright NoticeCopyright ©2014 American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. All rights reserved. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds and other materials on this site are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc., its affiliated companies and its licensors. American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. owns the copyrights in the selection, coordination and arrangement of the materials on this site. These materials may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these materials be modified or reposted to other sites.Trademark NoticeAll trademarks displayed on this site are owned exclusively by American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc., or are used by American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. under license. These trademarks include marks that are registered and unregistered and include, but are not limited to, product brand names, slogans, and logos and emblems. The unauthorized use of any trademark owned or used by AAM is strictly prohibited.Accounts and SecurityIf any of the services on the website requires you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with true, current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form, and you will maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, current, complete and accurate. You also will choose a password and a user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. You are responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify AAM immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. AAM will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you may be liable for losses incurred by AAM or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You acknowledge and agree that certain services may provide password-restricted access to customer information. By using this website and registering for such services, you consent to AAM's display of such information via the services and accept all risks of unauthorized access to such information. If you provide any information that is false, inaccurate, out of date, or incomplete, or AAM has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is false, inaccurate, out of date, or incomplete, AAM may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the services or any portion thereof. You are responsible for all costs and charges, including without limitation, phone and telecommunications equipment charges that you incur in order to use the services.Privacy StatementAAM respects your privacy. At all times we will strive to keep your personal information confidential. We will only collect, store, and use any personal information you provide to us for defined purposes and will share it only with companies who share our commitment to protecting your privacy and data. Please take a moment to read this privacy statement to learn how we handle your personal information. This privacy statement is subject to change at any time.Normal Website UsageWhen you visit AAM's website you do so anonymously. During normal website usage, we do not collect or store personally identifiable information such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number or social security number. We reserve our right to collect and/or store information during normal website usage, which may include the name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP), the date and time you entered our website, the amount of time you spend there, the pages you request, the referring website, and other such related information. Accordingly, we may gather this information to generate statistics and measure site activity for the purpose of continuously improving the website.Why and When We Collect Personal InformationSometimes it is necessary to collect specific customer information in order to fulfill a visitor's request for a service or correspondence. This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, type of request or other information, is collected and stored by AAM to fulfill your request. Your personal information is not given to any other company for that company's independent use. AAM may employ third-party companies to perform services or functions on our behalf. These companies may require access to personal information in order to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Visitors to this website provide personally identifying information only when using one or more of the following services: (1) contact forms; (2) resume submission; (3) requests for additional information; (4) surveys and business reply forms; (5) subscription emails.What We Do With Information You Provide UsWhen contacting us about a product or service, visitors to our website may decide to send us information that identifies them personally. That information may be used to identify the user as a customer and AAM will respond accordingly. AAM will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information if required to do so in compliance with applicable law or, a court order or legal process served on our website. Periodically, we may send electronic newsletters and other communications that contain industry, marketing, product, or event information. Only AAM (or its authorized agents, representatives or employees) will send you these direct mailings. You can opt-out of receiving further marketing information from AAM by following the instructions within the mailing. AAM will retain the data collected only as long as it is useful or necessary. AAM administers and operates www.AAM.com from the United States. Other AAM sites may be administered and operated from various locations outside the United States.





   







Samuel Valenti III  | Samuel Zell and Robert H. Lurie Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies

























Skip to main content




Search











Apply 

Reset 


 



FacebookTwitter 



News
Blog
Contact Us
Press Releases
 






 



StudentsStudent Success StoriesAlumniEntrepreneurial AdvisingBusiness EngagementHost Internships 



About Zell LurieHistoryFounders & SponsorsTeamAdvisory BoardPublicationsSuccess StoriesEducationCoursesEntrepreneurial AdvisingFacultyCenter for VC/PEExecutive EducationEntrepreneurial MAPScholarships & AwardsStart-up WorkshopsResearch & ResourcesPrograms & FundsMichigan Business ChallengeDare to Dream GrantsDare to Dream Award RecipientsInternshipsWolverine Venture FundSocial Venture FundCommercialization FundZell Early Stage FundZell Founders FundZell Entrepreneurs ProgramTechArb Student Accelerator Desai AcceleratorInterCollegiate CompetitionsRoss Open RoadWomen Who LaunchEventsEvent CalendarEntrepaloozaMichigan Growth Capital SymposiumMichigan Private Equity ConferenceNetworking 






About Us 








Samuel Valenti III  











Select a Section  
          Advisory Board    
          Faculty    
          Mentors    
          Team  

Go

 
 





   

 Samuel Valenti III 
 Chairman & CEO
    Valenti Capital   

 Mr. Valenti is Chairman of the Board of TriMas Corporation, a publicly traded billion dollar manufacturer of highly engineered precision products for industry. Mr. Valenti also serves as Chairman and C.E.O. of Valenti Capital and World Capital Partners, investment firms located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
He is the former President of Masco Capital Corporation, and a 40 year veteran of Masco Corporation, a Fortune 500 manufacturer of homebuilding and home improvement products.
Mr. Valenti is the former Chairman of the Investment Advisory Board of the $50 billion State of Michigan retirement system. In his nearly 20 year participation with the Advisory Board, Mr. Valenti spearheaded the State’s initial investments in venture capital as well as a broad range of alternative investments.
He served on the Harvard Business School Advisory Council, and also served on the Advisory Council at the University of Notre Dame. He serves on the Advisory Board, at the University of Michigan Business School Zell-Lurie Institute.
Mr. Valenti is one of the 80 members of the Business Leaders for Michigan and serves as Chairman of the Business Leaders for Michigan, Renaissance Venture Capital Fund. Mr. Valenti was Crain’s Newsmaker of the Year for 2007; recipient of the 2010 “Spirit of Michigan” award, presented at the Accelerate Michigan Innovation Competition and was presented the 2012 Crain’s M&A Lifetime Achievement Award.
 










PreviousMaria A. Thompson NextTimothy Wadhams  







Community


Students
Alumni
Business Engagement




About


About Zell Lurie
Education
Programs & Funds
Events




News

Blog
News
Press Releases
 


Connect With Us

Contact Us
FacebookTwitter 


































Sam Valenti III: A brilliant, memorable, larger-than-life character - Crain's Detroit Business






























Skip to main content





 














Login
Subscribe
Connect
 
 




































NewsNews Container OneThis Week's Issue
Breaking News
Detroit
Michigan News
Arts/Entertainment
Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing
Entrepreneurship
Food/Drink

News Container TwoHealth Care
Jobs/Talent
Nonprofits
People
Elections
Real Estate
Sports Business
Technology


AwardsAwards Container OneAll Awards
Nominate
20 in their 20s
40 Under 40
50 Names to Know in IT
50 Names to Know in Real Estate
Best Managed Nonprofits
Biggest Deals

Awards Container TwoCool Places to Work
Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies
Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies
Health Care Heroes
Michigan Change Makers
Most Influential Women
Newsmaker of the Year


ExtrasExtras Container OneAll Extras
Year in Review
10 Things to do this Weekend
Auto Show
Detroit 1967
Detroit Homecoming
Flint water crisis

Extras Container TwoFood Economy
Giving Guide
Mackinac Policy Conference
Michigan Stock Center
Michigan Women's Directory
Most Connected
Wayne County Jail


DataData Container OneData Center
Book of Lists
Directory: Creative Detroit


Blogs / OpinionBlog Opinion Container ZeroOpinion
Keith Crain
Ron Fournier
Mary Kramer
Other Voices
Editorials

Blog Opinion Container OneCrain's Blogs
Bill Shea - Sports business
Carlos Portocarrero - Digital
City Moments
Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising
Dustin Walsh - Economic Issues
Jay Greene - Health care
Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media

Blog Opinion Container Two.
Kirk Pinho - Real estate
Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol
Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business
Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor
Sherri Welch - Nonprofits
Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups
Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide


EventsEvents Container OneAll Events
Crain's Events
Local Events
Sponsored Events
Submit Your Event


MultimediaMultemedia Container OneMultimedia
Video
Audio
Photo Galleries


 
 





Login
Subscribe
Connect
 
 





Top Stories



×
Top Stories



















×
Michigan Stock Index







                VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER
              










 
 







×
Weather


Forecast for Detroit





Current Conditions




63
          



Saturday
77/63 F Clear
 
Sunday
81/65 F Clear
 
Monday
82/69 F Clear
 
Tuesday
82/69 F Clear
 
Wednesday
83/71 F Clear




 







 
















March 29, 2012 12:00 p.m. 

Sam Valenti III: A brilliant, memorable, larger-than-life character
              A lifetime of achievement earns M&A
  award  


 




									Tom Henderson								


Facebook 

linkedin 

Twitter 

RSS Feed 




									Staff Blog								
																						: Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups													




TwitterFacebookLinkedInGoogle+CommentsEmailPrinter-friendly version 


Finance









 




Sam Valenti III
 


I've been at Crain's for nearly seven years, now. The most memorable person I've met on the job here? Hands down, it's Sam Valenti III, who was profiled in Monday's print edition as the winner of the lifetime achievement award for the upcoming annual Crain's M&A Awards.
I've been covering venture capital since the late 1980s, when I was a free-lancer and realized VC was a niche no one else in town was writing about and might be a source of recurring income.
When Crain's offered me the finance beat in 2005, I took it with the intention of doing more with VC than Crain's had traditionally done. The timing was perfect — the economy was booming, more VC firms were opening their doors, and the state, through the $109 million 21st Century Fund and the $95 million Michigan Venture Fund, was about to make a lot more money available for local funds to invest with.
Late 2006, early 2007, I was on the phone with Lindsay Aspegren, a friend and old source at North Coast Technology Investors LP in Ann Arbor. He mentioned someone named Sam Valenti.
"Who's Sam Valenti?" I asked.
"How can you cover venture capital in this town and not know Sam Valenti?" he said.
"I don't know. Who is he?"
"Sam Valenti is the godfather of venture capital here," said Aspegren. "I'm going to give you his cell, and you call him and go meet him. I'll call him first and tell him I told you to call him. Give me five minutes and then call him."
"Yes, sir."
Five minutes later, I called Sam.
He was, he said quietly, an old Sicilian. Been at this a long time. Had a little shop in Blooomfield Hills. Ran some money for old family friends. Had avoided publicity over the years but was at a point in his life where he wouldn't mind saying what was on his mind. So, come on out.
We agreed on a time and, more out of loyalty to Lindsay than anything else, I drove out. Not that I didn't mind an excuse to get out of the office or the chance to add another source to the Rolodex, but I wasn't expecting much.
Valenti had planted a vision in my mind of a small, wizened old Sicilian, maybe a financial stud back in the day but past his prime, a little office, managing a few bucks for old friends who were happy to throw him a bone in his dotage.
So, I drove out Woodward to Bloomfield Hills, pulled into the parking lot of a large office building, walked in the front door and saw an office off the lobby that proclaimed Valenti Capital.
I walked in and was struck by the mahogany, the artwork, the sense of real money. The receptionist made a call to Sam, who told her to send me back. She pointed out the hallway to the right and told me to head down it.



 


 
Lindsay Aspegren
 


It was a hall that seemed to stretch to infinity. On the way down I walked past some stadium seating on the left — some 20-25 seats, now empty, aimed at a bank of TV screens to the right, now off.
I looked back at the end of the hall just as Sam walked out of his office at the far end and started striding toward me. Little, wizened? Has anyone ever had a worse misconception?
Valenti is about 6-2, looks like a million bucks in his tailored suit and crisp white shirt, walks with his shoulders back and head erect, with a cock-of-the-walk stride. Was in his early 60s, then, looked 15 years younger.
Maybe you've heard of my son, he said. That being Sam Valenti IV. I had. He'd been one of our 20s in their 20s and, unlike his father, showed up frequently in our electronic archives. His dad had rarely appeared, even though he'd been head of the investment committee for the state of Michigan pension fund for many years and had been president of Masco Capital, the pension and investment arm of Masco Corp.
I would find out over time, mostly from others, that Sam had singlehandedly created the concept of venture capital and private equity as an investment class for institutional investors in Michigan.
With money from Masco, and often matching money from the state pension fund, the state's VC and private equity communities were born and grew.
Everyone was rewarded. Masco made money, the VC and PE firms made money, and the state's pension fund grew from about $5 billion to about $52 billion on Valenti's watch.
He'd decided to meet with me, he explained, because he figured he was at a point in his life where he wouldn't mind commenting on the issues of the day or serving as a source. Until now, he said, he figured his job was serving Masco and Richard Manoogian, its president and CEO, and had scrupulously avoided the press.
And he's been a good source ever since. He tipped me to the Renaissance Venture Capital Fund he was trying to raise, he's helped clarify and put into context various issues of the day, and he's explained the various ups and downs of the market over the years.
In the dark days of the recession, when a Great Depression seemed to be looming, my young multimedia colleague, Nate Skid, and I went and sat at Sam's knee for an hour while he gave a history lesson on how the economy had got to that point.
Without notes, and without pause, speaking in complete sentences and paragraphs and with none of the verbal ticks most of us need, Sam wove in various threads from around the world the last three decades and tied them into a bow. Nate posted the entire lecture, a tour de force, on our Web site. I pulled out excerpts for the print edition. It was a remarkable tour de force and proof, not that any was needed, of Sam's intellect.
Raj Kothari, a managing director at Birmingham-based Seneca Partners, a VC firm and investment bank, worked for Masco Capital for six years. He called after reading the story on Sam's lifetime-achievement award to pass on some thoughts.
"Sam is a great guy to work for. I had so much fun and learned so much. I was doing things at 22 I never should have been entrusted with. He really is a great guy and a legendary character," he said.
Gerry Boylan, managing director at Royal Oak-based Long Point Capital, a private equity company, passed on some thoughts in an email: "Great choice on Sam Valenti for your upcoming awards. He's one of the most interesting people I've ever worked with or, for that matter, ever met."
The M&A awards, in conjunction with the local chapter of the Association for Corporate Growth, are on April 19 at the Somerset Inn in Troy. Valenti, who prides himself on his public speaking, says he's planning on bringing down the house with his speech that night. 
Related LinksSam Valenti III 



      Recent From TOM HENDERSON    


A front-row seat for Flint's revitalization 

Of Mike Ilitch, softball — and business 

Entrepreneurial failure: Badge of honor or of shame? 

Sad week for an ink-stained wretch as dailies cut to the bone 

Paris or Ann Arbor? Entrepreneurial culture wins out 














 




 









Facebook

Twitter

Linkedin

 






News

This Week's IssueBreaking NewsDetroitMichigan NewsArts/EntertainmentAuto Suppliers/ManufacturingEntrepreneurshipFood/DrinkHealth CareJobs/TalentNonprofitsPeopleElectionsReal EstateSports BusinessTechnology




Blogs / Opinion

Keith CrainRon FournierMary KramerOther VoicesEditorials



Extras

All ExtrasYear in Review10 Things to do this WeekendAuto ShowDetroit HomecomingFlint water crisisFood economyGiving GuideMackinac Policy ConferenceMichigan Stock CenterMichigan Women's DirectoryMost ConnectedWayne County Jail



Data

Data CenterBook of ListsDirectory: Creative Detroit




Awards

All AwardsNominate20 in their 20s40 Under 4050 Names to Know in IT50 Names to Know in Real EstateBest Managed NonprofitsBiggest DealsCool Places to WorkEureka Index: Most-Innovative CompaniesFast 50: Fastest-growing companiesHealth Care HeroesMichigan Change MakersMost Influential WomenNewsmaker of the Year



Events

All EventsCrain's EventsLocal EventsSponsored EventsSubmit Your Event



Multimedia

MultimediaVideoPhoto Galleries




Connect With Crain's

ConnectGuide to Crain's Detroit BusinessAbout Crain's Detroit BusinessSubscribe to Crain's Detroit BusinessContact the Crain's staffContact Customer ServiceSubscribe to email newslettersCrain's reprintsClassified advertisingCrain's Job ConnectCrain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your storyCrain's Detroit Business Privacy StatementBuy a copy of Crain'sCorrections



Crain Content Studio Detroit

Crain Content Studio — DetroitGiving GuideCustom PrintE-newslettersVideoWebinarsSponsor-contributed



Advertising

Advertising Opportunities2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF)Classified advertisingPeople on the Move




Email Newsletters

Crain's Michigan MorningCrain's Afternoon ReportCrain's Breaking News AlertCrain's The Weekend ReportCrain's People on the MoveCrain's Health Care ExtraCrain's Sports Business ReportCrain's Nonprofit ReportCrain's Detroit 2.0Crain's Manufacturing Report




This Week's Issue


July 24, 2017 




 









Connect with Crain's Detroit Business
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin



Contact
Subscribe
Corrections
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service




      Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.


 













Valenti Samuel III Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Valenti Samuel III
                    

•   BLOOMFIELD HILLS, MI
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Valenti Samuel III is based out of Bloomfield Hills.    WhaleWisdom has at least 7 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Valenti Samuel III. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Valenti Samuel III, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




valenti samuel iii


39400 WOODWARD AVENUE

BLOOMFIELD HILLS
MI
                                                        
                                                    48304


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      2486315400
SEC SIC CODE:3460-METAL FORGINGS & STAMPINGS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 07/03/2017
4 filed on 05/05/2017
4 filed on 03/03/2017
4 filed on 11/10/2016
4 filed on 07/05/2016
4 filed on 05/09/2016
4 filed on 05/09/2016
4 filed on 03/03/2016
4 filed on 11/16/2015
4 filed on 08/18/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















