

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Valley View Drive Associates, LLC: Board of Directors - Bloomberg






































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:45 PM ET

Company Overview of Valley View Drive Associates, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Valley View Drive Associates, LLC INSIDERS ON Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Company Insiders data available.
Other Board Members on Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsType of Board MembersPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Other Board Members data available.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Connected People on the Valley View Drive Associates, LLC BoardNameRelationshipsThere is no data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Valley View Drive Associates, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























High Quality Plantations, Land for Sale Florida & Georgia, Quail,
Hunting - Plantation Properties - Kohler & Associates
















High
    Quality Plantations, Land for Sale Florida & Georgia, Quail, Hunting
    - Plantation Properties - Kohler & Associates


Home
Plantations & Ranches



7 C's Ranch
Bar-C Ranch
Bailey's Mill
Big Woods Road Place
Cedar Knoll Plantation
Dan-D-Ridge
Deep Creek Plantation
Deerwood Plantation
Flint Rock Plantation
Fuqua Forest
Green Hills
Gum Creek Preserve
Honey Lake Plantation
Hooking Bull Plantation


Hubbard Creek Forest
Hurricane Creek
Indian Pines
Jemia Ranch
Kickapoo Plantation
Lake Di Pace
Lake Griffin Preserve
Lake Sugar Plum
Lanahassee Creek
Little River Farms
 Manley Farm 
 Mason Branch Plantation 
 Mayfield Place 
Merry Lea Place


Morton Bray Plantation
Murray Farms
Nochaway Creek Retreat
Old-Florida In-Holding
Perdido Bluff
Pleasant Hill Plantation
Raysor Creek Landholding
Red Hill Farm
Riverbluff Hunt Paradise
Robbins Place
Rocky Comfort Plantation
Santa Fe River Farm
Springhill Farms A


Springhill Farms D
Shamrock Farms
Southern Cattle Company
Sweetwater Preserve
 Turkey Ridge Plantation 
 Twin Eagles Plantation 
Valhalla Plantation
Vans Creek
Walker Springs
Wildcat Creek Plantation
Withlacoochee Bluff
SALES HIGHLIGHTS >>




Plantation Belts


South Carolina
Red Hills - Coming Soon
Albany Area - Coming Soon
Alabama - Coming Soon



Sealed Bid Auction
About Us


About Kohler & Associates
Our Team
Testimonials
Plantation News






Contact Us







 



 
OVERVIEW|PHOTOS|MAPS





 
 OVERVIEW 


760± acres north of Live Oak. May be divided. Likely one of the top ten largest in Suwannee County, Florida
Off-the-charts HBU value, particularly on the southern portion: Located in NW quadrant of I-10 interchange, rock quarry mining permit, construction debris permits that can stay or be closed, pivots
Lakefront, 3,618 sq. ft. wood lodge with covered porches, 4 bedroom/3 bathrooms, fireplace, special woodwork in each room, cathedral ceilings
Lakefront, two bedroom guest lodge
Two brand new pivots and land cleared and piping done for additional pivot for a total of 231 acres irrigated
High-fenced
Cattle to offset mowing in areas
One of the most valuable deer herds, genetically and financially, in Florida, with bucks consistently at over 200 inches
Portions of Valley View would be ideal for a self-directed 401K
Well-planned corridors of planted pines; Active pine-straw operation
Caretaker's house
Four bedroom "barnominium" for paid hunters with stainless kitchen and owner's office
Doe pens with misters, water, and state of the art breeding facility
Wells/Irrigation
      
4" 5HP Well at the Shop
Two 4" Wells at House
4" Well at Barn
4" Well at Manager's House
10" Well/5HP at landfill barn
Irrigation wells: 12" 1350 gallon per min and 10" 950 gallon per min
Two two-year-old pivots from Valley Pivot 1460' and 640'



 

 
 CONTACT 

Jon Kohler

Mobile: 850-508-2999
jon@jonkohler.com
 
 



Acre-for-acre, Valley View Farm is the most financially productive and well-rounded property we've ever seen.  This is the way family properties used to be. Valley View is the perfect combination of a working piece of land with great recreation and beauty; with its industrial uses on the southern half and idyllic setting on the northern half.
760± Acres – Live Oak, Florida
A property that is so well-capitalized takes decades to create.  For the client looking for a beautiful property plus the HBU, this is undoubtedly the one.  To top it off, for the right buyer, we see annual rent returns already being offered for 5%!
Here, you have major wealth between the phosphate reserves and construction debris permits all at one of the last undeveloped interchanges left on I-10.  Yet, at the same time, the property is beautiful, with lakes, wood cabins, and live oaks.









– From Jon Kohler:
"Valley View is a rare gem and the seller has priced it right where we told him he needed it to be for a quick sale. It took nearly 15 years to create this one-of-a-kind property that is beautiful, and as a whole throws off income and has massive opportunity and appreciation potential like we haven't seen in decades. The seller will gladly divide and hold onto portions of this property. Essentially, what we have here is a great, beautiful property that just so happens to be part of the northwest quadrant of one of the last undeveloped interchanges along I-10 between Tallahassee and Jacksonville."
– From Erica Hanway:
"My first impression of Valley View was that no other piece of land would ever seem as well-capitalized as this one.  I could see owning this property and creating generational wealth.  I felt safe here and in this community, and the property being high-fenced didn't hurt, either.  I could picture enjoying the lakes and the nicely built lodges with friends and family. This isn't just a beautiful recreational property, it is also a wealth-generating investment."

– SOLD - MAY 2014 –
Current owner has a large fleet service building - metal with concrete slab - Apx 9,800 sq. ft. with office and brand new 17,000+ sq. ft. packing house.









Home
About Us
Properties
Contact Us









Florida - Georgia - Alabama - South Carolina

850-508-2999 | Jon@jonkohler.com

    Headquarters - Aucilla River Office
434 SW Mt Olive Church Rd - Lamont - FL 32336






©2017 Kohler & Associates, LLC & Plantation Marketing Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Prices, plans, uses, dimensions, boundaries, locations, specifications, material, and availability are subject to change without notice. Illustrations are artist's depictions only and may differ from completed improvements. Plantation Marketing Group's  Photographer is Mark Atwater of Upclose Photo. Painting by David Lanier, www.dlanier.com. This is not an offering in the states where prior registration is required.









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Valley View in Hampshire County Listed on the National Register ‹ Aurora Research Associates



























































About

Biography
Services


Blog
Portfolio

Resume and Qualifications
Project Highlights
Beverly, WV National Register Historic District


Contact Us










You are here: Home » National Register » Valley View in Hampshire County Listed on the National Register 







Valley View in Hampshire County Listed on the National Register

By courtney
Posted on January 23, 2013
Leave a comment

In addition to the Brick House in Springfield, I also prepared the National Register nomination for Valley View, an 1855 Greek Revival mansion located near Romney, WV. Valley View is the home of Bob and Kim Mayhew, another couple of fantastic historic-home owners who bent over backwards to help me with my research. They also let me investigate every nook and cranny of their home, and in true West Virginia small-world fashion, we discovered that Bob knew my late grandfather from our family limestone quarry business outside of Romney.
Valley View was built in 1855 by James A. “Big Jim” Parsons, Jr.. Big Jim’s father James and his mother Catherine Casey both came from prominent families that owned thousands of acres in Hampshire County. Big Jim’s inheritance was a large tract of land; he moved onto it in 1829, around the time he married Elizabeth Miller. Big Jim was known as an honorable and upstanding citizen in the community. He and his wife had 11 children, many of whom attended college. In 1855, he built his grand farm estate home in the latest fashionable architectural style, Greek Revival. For a prominent land owner, the formality and grand proportions of a Greek Revival home would have been a social and financial statement. The Parsons children made their own mark on the house in the form of graffiti on the attic stairwell structure. Well, one man’s graffiti is an historian’s valuable significant historic feature!
Unfortunately, the construction of the home caused a financial burden upon the Parsons family, and Big Jim was only able enjoy his home for three years before he died of tuberculosis. His wife and children remained until 1869, then sold the property to Charles and Elizabeth Harmison. It was Elizabeth who gave the house the very appropriate name “Valley View.” The house remained in the Harmison family until 1979 when the Mayhews bought it.
As only the third owners, the Mayhews have remained devoted to preserving the historic nature of the building while updating it for modern use. In the field of historic preservation, there can be a perception that historic homes should be frozen in time as museums. It is always heartening to have examples of homeowners who have kept a house vibrant and alive as a comfortable home while acting as responsible stewards of the past. (On that note, please remember that Valley View is a private home and is not open to the public. You can always find more pictures in the National Register nomination.)
Valley View is an exemplary local mid-19th century home with deep ties to historicallyimportant families in the South Branch Valley. The house’s Greek Revival design and excellent integrity convey a value of prosperity, formality and order, combined with an appreciation of the surrounding land. The house is locally significant under Criterion C for architecture. You can read the National Register nomination by clicking here.






Valley View’s symmetry and bold, simple proportions are characteristic of Greek Revival.





The back elevation makes the most of the beautiful “valley view” with a two-story full-width porch.





The main entrance is typical Greek Revival with its temple-like roof and trabeated (three-sided) door frame.





Historic 1856 graffiti in the attic from the Parson children.





The house’s namesake…



.




Posted in: National Register, News, Projects, Uncategorized, West Virginia 

Share this :

















 

About courtney
Courtney is the owner and principal of Aurora Research Associates, LLC, an historic preservation consulting firm.






Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 






 Recent Posts 

And now for something completely different… freshwater mussel surveys


Robinson Grand Theater, Clarksburg, WV


ARA featured in Crain’s Cleveland business weekly


Ohio DOT DBE certification approved!


ARA News: WV Division of Highways consulting and EDGE/DBE


 Recent CommentsPaul Ross on National Register Listing: Springfield Brick House (Frenchwood), Hampshire Co., West VirginiaPaul Ross on National Register Listing: Springfield Brick House (Frenchwood), Hampshire Co., West VirginiaAunt Nancy on ARA News: WV Division of Highways consulting and EDGE/DBEGoing AWOL in Springfield, 1861 ‹ Aurora Research Associates on National Register Listing: Springfield Brick House (Frenchwood), Hampshire Co., West VirginiaValley View in Hampshire County Listed on the National Register ‹ Aurora Research Associates on National Register Listing: Springfield Brick House (Frenchwood), Hampshire Co., West VirginiaArchives 
August 2015
August 2014
January 2014
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
September 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012

Categories 
Inspiration

National Register

News

Preservation Philosophy

Projects

Travel

Uncategorized

West Virginia













Our Site 
About

Biography
Services


Blog
Contact Us
Portfolio

Beverly, WV National Register Historic District
Project Highlights
Resume and Qualifications






 Recent Posts 

And now for something completely different… freshwater mussel surveys


Robinson Grand Theater, Clarksburg, WV


ARA featured in Crain’s Cleveland business weekly


Ohio DOT DBE certification approved!


ARA News: WV Division of Highways consulting and EDGE/DBE





Contact Aurora Research Associates

1436 Graham Road
Silver Lake, OH 44224
(304) 685-7410

[email protected]












Copyright © 2017 . Aurora Research Associates . All Rights Reserved 

















Oakview Associates – Keeping our clients connected in electrical industry.




























Skip to content
Skip to main menu











Keeping our clients connected in the electrical industry.Call us at 855-625-1776





















Posted on  March 31, 2017 by  admin 
—
No Comments ↓ 







































As a manufacturers’ representative for some of the leading electrical US manufacturers in our country, we are currently representing Allwire, Inc., American Bare Conductor (ABC Wire), Myron Zucker Inc., A&G Manufacturing, Tele Fonika and Tech Products. These manufactures specialize in producing electrical supplies including electrical wire and cable, power factor correction capacitors, harmonic filters, EVERLAST signs and identification products and custom “T” bar hangers and conduit fittings. A commitment to customer service and providing solutions is the primary focus of Oakview Associates LLC.
Delivering competitively priced products and timely quotes for your consideration is our guarantee
I can be reached directly at 855-625-1776 or budgeary@oakviewassociates.net


















 



Lakeshore Park Associates | Just another WordPress site


















Lake Shore Park Associates


Home
FAQ










 


 










Village One

Welcome to Village One Apartments, an affordable community in the heart of…


Welcome to Village One Apartments, an affordable community in the heart of the capital region. Located on the bus line, residents of Village One Apartments have easy access to all major shopping, entertainment, and business areas. Wall-to-wall carpeting and dishwashers are standard amenities at Village One. We also offer plenty of recreation and relaxation. Enjoy a game of tennis and then cool off in our pool or go for a…

(518) 273-4221













Lake Shore Park

Welcome to Lake Shore Park Apartments, an apartment community situated in the…


Welcome to Lake Shore Park Apartments, an apartment community situated in the heart of the capital district with the most sought-after combination of comfort and convenience. Our lakeside setting and woodland atmosphere, is only one mile east of the Latham Circle, and minutes away from all major shopping, entertainment, and business areas. Wall to wall carpeting, gas heat, central air, and dishwashers are standard amenities at Lake Shore Park. Also…

(518) 785-1756













Valley View

Welcome to Valley View Apartments, an affordable apartment community located in the…


Welcome to Valley View Apartments, an affordable apartment community located in the heart of the capital region giving easy access to all major shopping, entertainment, and business areas. Wall to wall carpeting, centrally located laundry and mail rooms are standard amenities. We also offer plenty of recreation and relaxation. Enjoy a game of tennis or basketball, and then cool off in our pool. We invite you to make Valley View…

(518) 785-1756





 


About Us
If a friendly, experienced staff, 24-hour maintenance, and large affordable apartments are what you need, then we have just what you are looking for.
Learn More



Areas of Interest



Colonie, New York is the Capital District’s premier location, minutes from everything the Capital District has to offer, including shopping centers, dining spots and exciting entertainment.






Directions

Click here for directions to Lakeshore.
 
Click here for directions to Valley View.
 
Click here for directions to Village One.







 





 
 Rababy & Associates (llc)126 Valley View Rd - Fredericksburg VA - Reviews - Photos - Phone Number                        Are you a business?      Cancel       Search        1-800-561-3357    Claim this profile   Secure your company's official profile identity Claim profile   Scan your business   See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business   Try out BirdEye today   Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free trial         Edit Rababy & Associates (llc)   Business to Business Share 126 Valley View Rd, Fredericksburg, VA 22407       Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1               (540) 834-2202   Write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★               Submit  Your review will be shared publicly on the web. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service                        Thanks!Your review is on its way.  Thanks!Would you like to be contacted about this issue Yes No  Thanks!We will contact you as soon as possible!        Be the first to write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★                 Submit                            Thanks! Your review is on its way. We will contact you as soon as possible!     Are you a business owner? See how your businessappears online.  Scan your business         Are you a business owner? claim this profile   or   See BirdEye in action.     See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business    Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free Trial          Contact Edit  126 Valley View Rd, Fredericksburg, VA 22407(540) 834-2202Not SpecifiedNot SpecifiedBusiness to BusinessToday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1           About Edit  Rababy & Associates (llc) is located at 126 Valley View Rd, Fredericksburg, VA. This business specializes in Business Services.…more » Rababy & Associates (llc) is located at 126 Valley View Rd, Fredericksburg, VA. This business specializes in Business Services.     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1            Things you should knowabout BirdEye    BirdEye was founded in 2012 to help businesses manage online reputation and customer experience BirdEye works with 15,000+ clients, from SMBs to large enterprises With BirdEye, you can monitor real-time customer feedback from 250+ sites and social channels Generate new authentic reviews with real-time automated feedback requests from BirdEye BirdEye gives you access to insights from your competitors’ customer feedback The BirdEye mobile app allows on-the-go customer experience management Use BirdEye’s free Scan Your Business tool for a snapshot of your online presence     
          











Valley View Associates | VA | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Valley View Associates LLC?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Valley View Associates LLC
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






V







BZ Score:
90







License # 2705077884




White Post, VA









Valley View Associates LLC




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


 best General Contractors in White Post 

 



Updated: Jan 22, 2016





Overview

Valley View Associates LLC in White Post, VA holds a Building, Highway, Home Improvements  license (2705077884) according to the Virginia license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.Their license (2705077884) was verified as active when we last checked. If you are thinking of hiring Valley View Associates LLC, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Valley View Associates LLC Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: Po Box 588, White Post, VA 22663 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









5900 Fort Drive Suite 400, Centreville, VA 20121


Redwood Commercial Construction LLC




License # 2705127317


Centreville, VA







91

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














9249 Bayberry Ave, Manassas, VA 20110


JR Commercial Construction LLC




License # 2705124962


Manassas, VA







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














6611 Saddlehorn Ct, Burke, VA 22015


Sang Kang Commercial Construction




License # 2705145823


Burke, VA







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects













Valley View Associates LLC Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Valley View Associates LLC. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Valley View Associates LLC










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Valley View Associates LLC,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Valley View Associates LLC








91


Redwood Commercial Construction LLC







90


JR Commercial Construction LLC







90


Sang Kang Commercial Construction






Request a Quote







License info














Verified License


License #2705077884StatusActiveStateVirginiaTypeBuilding, Highway, Home ImprovementsClassABusiness TypeLlc


BuildZoom has not verified this license since January, 2010.Verify this license's status for Valley View Associates LLC at the Virginia Department of Professional and Occupational Regulation.












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Virginia:













Does Valley View Associates Llc carry a valid contracting license?



In Virginia all remodeling and construction work with a cost of $1000 and up, requires a licensed contractor. There are three classes of license for contractors, from A to C. These are based on the size and scope of projects. 
Valley View Associates Llc currently holds license 2705077884 (Building, Highway, Home Improvements), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Virginia?



All applicants for A and B contractor licenses are required to complete a pre-license education course that has been approved by the Virginia Department of Professional and Occupational Regulation's Board for Contractors. Additionally contractors must prove at least 2 years of work experience in their specific trade. 











Your liability risk when hiring Valley View Associates Llc



Licensed contractors in the state of Virginia are not required to carry general liabilty or workers' compensation insurance. It is always a good idea to only hire contractors that have current general liabilty and workers' compensation policies. Request copies of the insurance certifcates for each.











Financial recourse when hiring Valley View Associates Llc



Virginia does offer support to homeowners for construction projects gone wrong. The Virginia Contractor Transaction Recovery Act provides relief to eligible consumers who have incurred losses through the improper or dishonest conduct of a licensed residential contractor. The Recovery Fund is supported entirely by assessments paid by licensed contractors, not by any tax revenues. Filing a claim does not guarantee payment.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Virginia,be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids.Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal,and help guide you through the estimate process.Be wary of an abnormally low bid,they are not worth the risk.These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner,choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with.BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free).Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Valley View Associates LLC
We will attempt to deliver your message to Valley View Associates LLC. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.
































































Valley View Associates LLC - Strasburg | Remodelers in Strasburg VA









































Let us find house and room addition professionals for you.



















Select a Project
Additions and Remodels
Appraisers and Home Inspectors
Architects
Asbestos
Basement Waterproofing
Bathroom Remodeling
Cabinets
Cabinets and Countertops
Carpentry
Carpet
Carpet Cleaning
Chimney Sweeping
Cleaning
Concrete
Concrete and Masonry
Cooling
Countertops
Custom Homes
Decks and Porches
Decorators and Designers
Demolition
Doors
Drywall
Dumpster Rental
Electrical
Engineers
Fences
Flooring
Foundations
Garage Doors
Gutters
Handyman
Heating
Home Appraisals
Home Inspections
Home Security
HVAC
Insulation
Junk Removal
Kitchen Remodeling
Landscaping
Locksmiths
Masonry
Mold
Mold, Asbestos and Toxic Materials
Painting
Pest Control
Plumbing
Portable Toilets
Pressure Cleaning
Rental Services
Roofing
Siding
Small Projects and Repairs
Solar Energy
Sunrooms
Swimming Pools
Tile Work
Toxic Materials
Tree Service
Walls
Water Damage Restoration
Window Cleaning
Windows




LOG IN
SIGN UP
BECOME A PRO














Home


>



Additions and Remodels


>



VA


>



House and Room Addition Strasburg


 






Follow




Is this your business? Claim your business





Valley View Associates LLC

2040  Deyerle Ave - Strasburg VA 22641

Be the first to review this business






Strasburg, VA 22641
Phone: 540-465-****540-465-652690 (click to view the number)












House and Room Addition Inspiration




























About the Company

              Thank you for visiting Valley View Associates Llc, our company is proven house and room addition industry pros in Strasburg, VA. Frequently house and room addition renovating is costly, so you should not pay more than needed. The long time interactions developed with our buyers illustrate the standing we've got in the Strasburg VA area. Exactly what does our company focus on? We specialize in: house addition building, building of industrial garages, renovating of industrial closets and domestic garage remodeling. 2040  Deyerle Ave, Strasburg is where our clients will be able to search for us. The full directory of all of Valley View Associates Llc's products and services can be located on the internet site.Any time house owners choose to update the look of their property, quite a few get started with house and room addition issues. Usually the most frequent spaces of a home to get upgraded tend to be house addition building and building of industrial garages. "Valley View Associates Llc: covering Strasburg VA consistently" is our motto. Our small business provides house and room addition service to the Strasburg, Fishers Hill, Middletown and Toms Brook region, and also the 540 areacode area. Many experienced Strasburg, VA house and room addition contractors are really easy to locate and getting the correct provider may be a stressful selection. Choosing which house and room addition specialist to hire can save you considerable time as well as money.
            







Additional Information


Services Offered:
Additions and Remodels 




Details




Are we a residential contractor?
YES


Are we a commercial contractor?
YES


Do we offer financing?
NO


Do we have emergency service?
YES


Do we accept credit cards?
NO





Find accurate prices for your house and room addition project in Strasburg



Additional Company Information

              Valley View Associates Llc - Remodelers in Strasburg, Virginia.
            


Hours Please call to confirm



MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SATURDAY
SUNDAY




 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
Closed
Closed





Reviews





What is your rating of this business?






















Sign in with


















or Pick a name
















                                        Submit 
                                    




                                        I'd rather post as guest
                                    















 Be the first to review this business.










Request Free Quotes





Select a project

Additions and Remodels
Appraisers and Home Inspectors
Architects
Asbestos
Basement Waterproofing
Bathroom Remodeling
Cabinets
Cabinets and Countertops
Carpentry
Carpet
Carpet Cleaning
Chimney Sweeping
Cleaning
Concrete
Concrete and Masonry
Cooling
Countertops
Custom Homes
Decks and Porches
Decorators and Designers
Demolition
Doors
Drywall
Dumpster Rental
Electrical
Engineers
Fences
Flooring
Foundations
Garage Doors
Gutters
Handyman
Heating
Home Appraisals
Home Inspections
Home Security
HVAC
Insulation
Junk Removal
Kitchen Remodeling
Landscaping
Locksmiths
Masonry
Mold
Mold, Asbestos and Toxic Materials
Painting
Pest Control
Plumbing
Portable Toilets
Pressure Cleaning
Rental Services
Roofing
Siding
Small Projects and Repairs
Solar Energy
Sunrooms
Swimming Pools
Tile Work
Toxic Materials
Tree Service
Walls
Water Damage Restoration
Window Cleaning
Windows



Type your zip code


Continue









Nearby Contractors


Miller Jay Gen Contr


Rager Construction


Dale Polk Masonry Co Inc


Mason Robert L Roofer


A&M Construction


Chuck Renner Contracting LLC



About eHARDHAT

                eHARDHAT helps homeowners find great contractors for home improvement projects.
                To get started, browse the best Strasburg Remodelers, read reviews, find detailed contractor information on individual Remodelers in Strasburg and request free project estimates.
            


Strasburg house and room addition pricesFinding accurate service costs before planning a remodeling project is important for keeping the overall project costs down. Are you looking to frame basement walls in Strasburg soon? Find accurate Strasburg basement wall framing costs right now.Knowing accurate remodeling costs upfront can help you negotiate more effectively with trade professionals and vendors and gauge whether their projects quotes are fair, as compared to your local market costs to frame basement walls in Strasburg.We work hard to help you make confident decisions regarding which home products and services to purchase, as well as help you identify trustworthy local Strasburg basement wall framing contractors. Our goal is to make sure you are able to have quality work completed at a fair price and on time.



Other Contractors in Strasburg, Virginia
Strasburg landscaper
Carpenter Strasburg
Handyman Strasburg
Air conditioning repair Strasburg
Strasburg painter
Heating contractors Strasburg
Strasburg roofers
Strasburg home remodeling
Electrician Strasburg
Strasburg plumber
Bathroom remodeling Strasburg
Kitchen remodeling Strasburg
 View other categories


Find Virginia  Contractors
Home remodeling Chesapeake
Home remodeling Richmond
Home remodeling Newport News
Norfolk home remodeling
Home remodeling Alexandria
Arlington home remodeling
Virginia Beach home remodeling
Home remodeling Hampton
Portsmouth Heights home remodeling






Follow us


 eHARDHAT on Google+
 eHARDHAT on Facebook
 Twitter @eHARDHAT
 LinkedIn Profile
 Homeowners Blog




View Top Contractors

Sitemap :
A ,
B ,
C ,
D ,
E ,
F ,
G ,
H ,
I ,
J ,
K ,
L ,
M ,
N ,
O ,
P ,
Q ,
R ,
S ,
T ,
U ,
V ,
W ,
X ,
Y ,
Z



Company

Home
Articles
Privacy Policy
Terms
Our Contractor App
Contractor Directory
Careers
FAQ
Affiliates
Contact us



























        © 2017 eHARDHAT - All Rights Reserved.
      






            Member of the  homeyou network.
          









Help your friends find the best local contractors, like our page!




No thanks, I’m just looking.
                















