










VMRI stock quote - Valmie Resources Inc price - NASDAQ.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    VMRI














Valmie Resources Inc Quote & Summary Data 


VMRI 
$0.1
*  
-0.02

-16.67 %
Get VMRI Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 28, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading VMRI now
				        




 
 
Community Rating:  



















VMRI





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off
















1 Year Target





                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 0.12 / $ 0.0701




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





24,717





                                        50 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




N/A




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




0.120000




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        N/A / N/A
                                    


 

Annualized dividend
N/A




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




N/A


Dividend Payment Date
N/A




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




0 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




0






Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting













Company Description (as filed with the SEC)




























News for VMRI









                        Investors Look Out Below: Valmie Resources
                    

5/4/2016 9:19:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        These 3 Stocks Are Highly Dubious
                    

5/28/2015 12:19:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Revisiting Valmie Resources: A Host Of Issues To Consider
                    

5/13/2015 5:54:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Revisiting Valmie Resources: A Host Of Issues To Consider
                    

5/13/2015 4:53:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Revisiting Valmie Resources: A Host Of Issues To Consider
                    

5/13/2015 4:53:00 PM - SeekingAlpha




 Subscribe


                More VMRI News & Commentary



                Read VMRI Press Releases






























Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:



Quarterly EPS Est:



PEG Ratio:



Mean Recommendation:





            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX













































Valmie Resources - Drone Software Solutions - VMRI









































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











 
 
 
 
 
 



HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS FOR THE DRONE REVOLUTIONCollect and analyze high quality data – make smarter decisions faster
 
 
 
 




Products & SolutionsA drone on its own is nothing more than a remote control toy. But when connected to a complete networked support system it becomes a powerful automated business solution that helps companies make better decisions faster.

Read More

 


Industries We ServeThe commercial unmanned aerial vehicle industry is rapidly expanding. Valmie applies UAV technology to a wide variety of sectors such as oil and gas, agriculture, real estate and news reporting.

Read More

 


Invest with VisionAs more industries begin employing drones to increase efficiencies and safely obtain quality information, the time is right for investors to consider the first-mover opportunity this technology presents. If you recognize the important role drones will play in the global economy, we welcome you as an investor.

Read More

 
 
 



The President’s BlogAre you excited as we are about the Drone Industry? Check out The President’s Blog.
 
 

See Blog
 
 
 
 



Don’t Be Left OutStay up to date on everything Valmie – our latest news, videos, blogs 
and other informative content about the drone revolution, right to your inbox.
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 

























Valmie Resources Inc: OTCMKTS:VMRI quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceValmie Resources Inc(OTCMKTS:VMRI)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Valmie Resources Inc  (Public, OTCMKTS:VMRI)  
Watch this stock
 




















0.100


-0.020
(-16.67%)





Jul 28 - Close


OTCMKTS
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

0.07 - 0.12



52 week

0.05 - 1.71



Open

0.10



Vol / Avg.

24,717.00/19,904.00



Mkt cap

6.96M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-0.02



Shares

69.57M



Beta

-3.03



Inst. own

0%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Valmie Resources Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Feb '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-
-

Operating margin
-
-

EBITD margin
-
-

Return on average assets
-227.53%
-403.32%

Return on average equity
-408.58%
-1668.68%

CDP Score
-

-



More ratios from Thomson Reuters »

Address
2603 Augusta Dr Ste 840HOUSTON, TX 77057-5844United States
- Map+1-832-7404159 (Phone)

Website links


http://www.valmie.com/

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




Valmie Resources, Inc. is engaged in the commercialization of products and services in the technology industry. The Company, through its subsidiary, Vertitek Inc. (Vertitek), provides unmanned vehicle software, hardware and cloud services for a range of commercial applications around the globe. Vertitek is in the process of developing the V-1 Drone, a multi-rotor unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed specifically to meet the requirements of a commercial user base. Its UAV solutions seeks to consist aerial data collection hardware, software and data storage solutions for commercial applications. Its solutions include Autonomous Intelligence for Mobilized Devices (AIMD) Platform and AIMDx - Learning Service Module. The AIMDx is designed as an external learning application. The V-1 Drone includes autonomous 32 bit Pixhawk flight controller, lithium polymer batteries and customized sensor packages.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Gerald B Hammack

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, Director





Age: 52



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

 


Inside Scoop on Valmie Resources Inc (OTCBB:VMRI) | Micro Cap Daily

















































Trending

A Close Look at On The Move Systems Corp(OTCMKTS:OMVS)
Reverse Is Good for InterCloud Systems Inc(OTCMKTS:ICLDD)
Inside Scoop on Marijuana Company Of America Inc(OTCMKTS:MCOA)
Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ASTI) Comes Back to LIfe
The Gloves Come Off on Freeze Tag, Inc.(OTCMKTS:FRZT)
The Exciting Story on Bravatek Solutions Inc (OTCMKTS:BVTK)







 























		Inside Scoop on Valmie Resources Inc (OTCBB:VMRI)		
 3


By 
			Amy Murphy

on			
April 21, 2015


stocks




Valmie Resources Inc (OTCBB:VMRI) is back at $3 after the explosive move it made up in recent weeks. The stock was trading for under a $1 back in December but has been moving up steadily since.
The move on VMRI is supported by several online newsletters that have alerted the stock to their followers. There are also paid guys posting on IHUB.
Valmie Resources Inc (OTCBB:VMRI) bills itself as a U.S. company actively pursuing opportunities for the commercialization of leading edge products and services in the rapidly expanding technology industry. Valmie seeks concepts with valid business models positioned to make a significant impact within the four key “megasectors” of technology: software, hardware, networking and semiconductors. Valmie brings operating talent, tools and leadership to emerging companies in these sectors, promoting industry awareness and developing economically sustainable partnerships while increasing shareholder value.
Valmie went public on January 20 of this year after a reverse merger with the existing. The shell was originally incorporated in 2011 to become a mineral exploration company with a property in Lander County, Nevada.
On March 31 VMRI said ”continues to demonstrate a commitment to growth through its acquisition of Vertitek Inc., a privately held tech frontrunner in the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) sector. With this acquisition, Valmie obtains rights to Vertitek’s entire portfolio of investigational next generation UAV designs and autonomous flight controllers, including the V-1 Drone, which is currently being tested and prepared for its maiden flight.
Gerald B. Hammack CEO of Valmie said “We welcome Vertitek and are extremely pleased to add this market leader to our mission-critical assets. UAV technology is a game changer and will inject billions of dollars into the American and global economies. Pioneering companies such as Vertitek represent an exciting opportunity to meet aggressive growth goals and enhance profitability. This acquisition will accelerate future growth and allow us to capture market share early on.”
To Find out the inside Scoop on VMRI Subscribe to Microcapdaily.com Right Now by entering your Email in the box below


The exciting industry surrounding global unmanned aerial vehicles is estimated to reach worldwide spending of $98 billion in the coming years, according to Business Insider.
“The massive impact of drone technology is being felt across the globe as unmanned vehicles become robust tools for data gathering and analysis, enabling mapping, surveying, 3D modeling and more. We couldn’t be happier about continuing our collaborative efforts with an enterprise of Valmie’s caliber and forming a ‘dream team’ that will propel both companies to reach full potential in this dynamic market,” said Sean Foster, founder of Vertitek.
Vertitek’s hardware and software technology enables a sophisticated level of autonomy for UAV’s including precision guidance controls and advanced safety features. Vertitek’s commercial V-1 Drone is designed to enhance Valmie’s speed-to-market strategy with an integrated, fully autonomous autopilot leveraging Valmie’s AIMD (Autonomous Intelligence for Mobile Devices) Platform.
AIMD, Valmie’s revolutionary end-to-end cloud platform, will help users manage and control independent mobilized devices with a unique set of data services. This new platform, currently in development, will give drones – and other unmanned vehicles – an improved ability to communicate. Vertitek develops components for unmanned vehicles, leveraging the business value that comes from customizing them for specific industries and analyzing the data they collect.
We Have a MASSIVE Stock Pick Coming. You do not want to miss this one!
Currently trading at a whopping $180 million market valuation VMRI has minimal assets and no revenues to date. The stock has performed well over the past few months on a steady stream of press from the Company as well as steady promotion have kept investors interested. Short term anything is liable to happen, long term the stock could drop big. We will be updating on VMRI when more details emerge so make sure you are subscribed to Microcapdaily so you know what’s going on with VMRI.
 

Sign Up now for our 100% FREE Penny Stock Newsletter 





Submit






Disclosure: we hold no position in VMRI either long or short and we have not been compensated for this




Share.


Twitter

Facebook

Google+

Pinterest

LinkedIn

Tumblr

Email




Related Posts







June 6, 2016 

						0

Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ASTID) Gets the Extra D








October 12, 2015 

						2

The Real Story on Black Stallion Oil and Gas Inc(OTCMKTS:BLKG)








September 2, 2015 

						0

Everyone Is Talking About One World Holdings Inc (OTCMKTS:OWOO)







			3 Comments		




 

Phil on 
						
April 22, 2015 4:02 pm

 

This company is a fly-by-night operation (no pun intended). How they convinced the SEC or the Nasdaq to let them go public is a complete mystery. 
Anyone buying this stock is betting on the stupidity of other investors to bail them out of this ‘hope and a prayer’ stock. It’s going to zero. No doubt.

Reply 







 

Johnny Mac on 
						
April 24, 2015 12:54 am

 

Amen

Reply 









 

Jeff on 
						
April 24, 2015 3:54 pm

 

See the following Seeking Alpha article and save yourself from an investment in this disaster.
http://seekingalpha.com/article/3094096-valmie-resources-two-guys-one-drone-and-a-150m-market-cap
Full disclosure: I hold no positions in this stock.

Reply 






Leave A Reply Cancel Reply 












 

 









Latest Articles


Most Popular








July 28, 2017 

							0

							A Close Look at On The Move Systems Corp(OTCMKTS:OMVS)






July 28, 2017 

							0

							Reverse Is Good for InterCloud Systems Inc(OTCMKTS:ICLDD)






July 28, 2017 

							0

							Inside Scoop on Marijuana Company Of America Inc(OTCMKTS:MCOA)






July 28, 2017 

							0

							Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ASTI) Comes Back to LIfe








February 14, 2016 

							7

							Comeback Time for SandRidge Energy Inc. (OTCMKTS:SDOC)






May 23, 2016 

							5

							Comeback Time for Terra Tech Corp (OTCMKTS:TRTC)






September 11, 2015 

							4

							Everybody is Talking About HIGH PERFORMANCE (OTCMKTS:TBEV)






September 13, 2015 

							4

							What Happened to Andalay Solar Inc (OTCMKTS:WEST)





Live Indices 


Micro Cap Insider





July 28, 2017 

							0

							A Close Look at On The Move Systems Corp(OTCMKTS:OMVS)






July 28, 2017 

							0

							Reverse Is Good for InterCloud Systems Inc(OTCMKTS:ICLDD)






July 28, 2017 

							0

							Inside Scoop on Marijuana Company Of America Inc(OTCMKTS:MCOA)






July 28, 2017 

							0

							Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ASTI) Comes Back to LIfe






July 28, 2017 

							0

							The Gloves Come Off on Freeze Tag, Inc.(OTCMKTS:FRZT)




Market Snapshot 



 
 

 














Sign up now for our 100% FREE Penny Stock Newsletter




Subscribe Now!




Privacy Policy. we will never share your email with anyone. 



 

































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.






    VMRI Key Statistics - Valmie Resources Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Valmie Resources Inc.

                  OTC: VMRI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Valmie Resources Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


VMRI

/quotes/zigman/72071496/delayed


$
0.10




Change

-0.02
-16.67%

Volume
Volume 24,717
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/72071496/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.12
		


$
				0.10
			
Change

-0.02
-16.67%





Day low
Day high
$0.07
$0.12










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.05
        

            $1.70
        

















			Company Description 


			Valmie Resources, Inc. develops aerial data collection software, hardware and cloud services for commercial applications. It focuses on pursuing opportunities for the commercialization of products and services in the technology industry. The company was founded on August 26, 2011 and is headquartere...
		


                Valmie Resources, Inc. develops aerial data collection software, hardware and cloud services for commercial applications. It focuses on pursuing opportunities for the commercialization of products and services in the technology industry. The company was founded on August 26, 2011 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-5.50


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-6.39


Price to Book Ratio
275.96


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-11.47

Efficiency

Income Per Employee
-124,181.00

Liquidity

Current Ratio
1.48


Quick Ratio
1.45


Cash Ratio
1.41



Profitability

Return on Assets
-403.33


Return on Equity
-1,614.46


Return on Total Capital
-808.66


Return on Invested Capital
-872.19

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Gerald B. Hammack 
55
2014
Chairman, President, CEO, CFO & Secretary





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/vmri

      MarketWatch News on VMRI
    
No News currently available for VMRI





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/vmri

      Other News on VMRI
    




 10-Q: VALMIE RESOURCES, INC.
1:45 p.m. April 13, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: VALMIE RESOURCES, INC.
4:43 p.m. Oct. 12, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Valmie Resources, Inc.
2603 Augusta Drive
Suite 840

Houston, Texas 77057




Phone
1 7135956675


Industry
Aerospace Products/Parts


Sector
Industrial Goods


Fiscal Year-end
11/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-993,451


Employees

        8.00


Annual Report for VMRI











/news/pressrelease/company/us/vmri

      Press Releases on VMRI
    




 Valmie (VMRI) Takes New Commercial Base Unit for Successful Test 
      Flight in Preparation for XPONENTIAL 2017
7:30 a.m. May 4, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie (VMRI) Named Exclusive Agent for Innovative ALTI Transition
7:30 a.m. April 27, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie (VMRI) Plans Aircraft Roll-out at XPONENTIAL as UAV Industry 
      Surges
7:30 a.m. April 19, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie’s Training Aircraft in Testing Stage as Company Prepares for 
      Delivery of Five Commercial Base Units
7:30 a.m. April 12, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie’s Vertitek is Poised for Growth with Enhanced UAV Production 
      Facility
8:30 a.m. March 1, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie (VMRI) Inks MOU to Explore Partnering Agreement with 
      Industry-Leading UAS Manufacturer
8:30 a.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie’s Vertitek Ups Its Game, Opens Enhanced UAV Production 
      Component
8:30 a.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie Announces Vertitek Racing Places Third in Spec Race at U.S. 
      Sport Aviation Expo
8:30 a.m. Jan. 30, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie Resources (VMRI) Planning Corporate Headquarters Relocation to 
      Accommodate Growth
8:30 a.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie (VMRI) Retains Praxis Aerospace Concepts International
10:37 a.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie (VMRI) Shareholder Letter Reports Significant Progress in 2016 
      and Reveals Vision for the Months Ahead
8:30 a.m. Jan. 9, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie’s AeroLift eXpress Holds Successful Seminar Series in Texas
8:30 a.m. Dec. 28, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie (VMRI) Mobilizes for Growth, Purchases Five Transition BASE 
      Systems from ALTI UAS
8:30 a.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie (VMRI) Visits University of Kentucky Regarding Collaboration 
      on Upcoming UAS Projects
8:30 a.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie’s AeroLift eXpress Returns from Trinidad and Tobago, 
      Strengthens Plans for Live Demo
8:30 a.m. Nov. 21, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie (VMRI) Steps Up Entry Into the Drone Racing Field, Sponsors 
      MultiGP Endurance Race
8:30 a.m. Nov. 7, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie’s Vertitek in Expansion Mode as Drone Racing Becomes ESPN’s 
      Newest Televised Sport
7:30 a.m. Oct. 31, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Valmie’s Vertitek Poised for Rapid Growth in New Headquarters
7:30 a.m. Oct. 18, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Emerging Markets Report: All Eyes to the Skies, the Drone Revolution is Here
8:18 a.m. Oct. 11, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Valmie’s Vertitek Releases Three New Drone Racing Products
7:30 a.m. Oct. 11, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:45 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Valmie Resources, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:45 PM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Valmie Resources, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Valmie Resources, Inc. focuses on the development of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) software, hardware, and cloud services for a range of commercial applications worldwide. The company offers aerial data collection hardware, software, and data storage solutions. It develops Autonomous Intelligence for Mobilized Devices (AIMD) Platform as the intersection point for real-time operational intelligence and workflow that is accessible anywhere and anytime; and V-Series UAVs, including traditional multi-rotor, and vertical takeoff and landing UAV systems. Valmie Resources, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is based in Houston, Texas.


2603 Augusta DriveSuite 840Houston, TX 77057United StatesFounded in 20118 Employees



Phone: 713-595-6675

www.valmie.com







Key Executives for Valmie Resources, Inc.




Mr. Gerald B. Hammack


      	Chairman, CEO, President, CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary and Treasurer
      


Age: 54
        

Total Annual Compensation: $75.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Valmie Resources, Inc. Key Developments

Valmie Resources Inc. Plans Aircraft Roll-out at XPONENTIAL as UAV Industry Surges
Apr 19 17
Valmie Resources Inc. (Valmie) announced it will unveil the newest in its line of aircraft at AUVSI’s (Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International) XPONENTIAL 2017, the larger trade show for the booming unmanned systems and robotics sector. Valmie will be incorporating five of the featured aircraft as it initiates commercial operations, offering a combination of unmanned vehicles, components, and services. Valmie acquired the base units from ALTI UAS, who will be co-presenting at the booth. Interested members of the public are invited to visit with the Valmie and ALTI teams, and view the aircraft in real life at Booth 841. ALTI’s next generation Transition unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) will be on display at XPONENTIAL to demonstrate the aircraft’s advanced and efficient fixed wing system with vertical take off and land (VTOL) capability. ALTI officially launched the Transition system across the world last year in conjunction with AUVSI’s Unmanned Systems Technology Magazine, which featured the ALTI Transition as their June/July cover story. Since then the Transition has been well proven with confirmed flight performance and endurance of up to seven hours and 500km range per flight. The Transition is made from the highest-grade materials, using unique proprietary techniques to ensure quality and reliability. A highly advanced aerodynamic design allows for low stall speeds, efficient cruise with very low drag, excellent stability, and extremely low weight. The airframe is completely modular and can be rapidly deployed from case to air in under 10 minutes with only two operators required. As demonstrated by encouraging statistics, the outlook for the UAV sector is strong. Consulting group PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP predicts the global market for commercial applications of drone technology will explode to as much as $127 billion by 2020. According to Bloomberg Technology, the UAV industry is due to boom by more than 6,000% by the end of this decade, as drones enhance crop yields, validate insurance claims, and assist in filming Hollywood blockbusters. In addition to ALTI UAS, Valmie has brought together top resources to offer customers many options in aircraft, components, and services. Vertitek, Valmie’s wholly owned subsidiary, delivers design and customization of prototypes for commercial UAVs in a wide range of sizes and categories. Another resource available to Valmie is Praxis Aerospace Concepts (PACI), a well-respected U.S. consultancy offering a unique mix of proprietary technology and domain expertise. The firm specializes in white label services and provides unmanned systems and autonomous technology testing for various universities and corporations.


Valmie Resources, Inc Puts the Finishing Touches on Next Generation Training Vehicle
Apr 12 17
Valmie Resources Inc. is putting the finishing touches on a next generation training vehicle in preparation for the delivery of five unmanned aircraft base units from ALTI UAS. Valmie will add the five innovative hybrid systems to its existing product line of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) as it continues preparing to enter the commercial stage of operations. Valmie’s updated V3-QPa unmanned training aircraft recently took its maiden flight and will be used for demonstrations and in-house training, preparing professional operators to fly the five new aircraft during future commercial missions. The rugged ALTI BASE systems feature the versatility of a multi-copter and the altitude, travel distance, and flight times associated with fixed-wing UAVs. This model has a large payload bay area that can open to fit and mount a wide range of cameras, sensors and other equipment. The systems will provide Valmie with broad flexibility and mission scopes. ALTI UAS products are based on many years of industry, technology and development experience. The company founder pioneered a range of commercial and industrial multi-rotor systems including the first small UAS with rapid deploy folding airframes, front mounted camera gimbals, and other unique features now found on many other systems.


Valmie Resources, Inc. announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Mar 1 17
On 03/01/2017, Valmie Resources, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 4M Research, Inc. United States A E Wolffe Limited United States A&G Machine, Inc. United States A-1 Machining Co. Inc. United States a.i. solutions, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Valmie Resources, Inc., please visit www.valmie.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  VMRI:OTC US Stock Quote - Valmie Resources Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Valmie Resources Inc   VMRI:US   OTC US        0.10USD   0.02   16.67%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   0.10    Day Range   0.07 - 0.12    Volume   24,717    Previous Close   0.12    52Wk Range   0.05 - 1.70    1 Yr Return   -93.77%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.10    Day Range   0.07 - 0.12    Volume   24,717    Previous Close   0.12    52Wk Range   0.05 - 1.70    1 Yr Return   -93.77%    YTD Return   -81.13%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.02    Market Cap (m USD)   6.957    Shares Outstanding  (m)   69.571    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     5/10/2017   Valmie (VMRI) Joins the Excitement as XPONENTIAL 2017 Kicks Off     5/4/2017   Valmie (VMRI) Takes New Commercial Base Unit for Successful Test Flight in Preparation for XPONENTIAL 2017     4/27/2017   Valmie (VMRI) Named Exclusive Agent for Innovative ALTI Transition     4/19/2017   Valmie (VMRI) Plans Aircraft Roll-out at XPONENTIAL as UAV Industry Surges     4/12/2017   Valmie’s Training Aircraft in Testing Stage as Company Prepares for Delivery of Five Commercial Base Units     3/1/2017   Valmie’s Vertitek is Poised for Growth with Enhanced UAV Production Facility     2/15/2017   Valmie (VMRI) Inks MOU to Explore Partnering Agreement with Industry-Leading UAS Manufacturer     2/7/2017   Valmie’s Vertitek Ups Its Game, Opens Enhanced UAV Production Component     1/30/2017   Valmie Announces Vertitek Racing Places Third in Spec Race at U.S. Sport Aviation Expo    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Valmie Resources, Inc. is pursuing opportunities for the commercialization of leading edge products and services in the rapidly expanding technology industry. The Company focuses on advanced unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) software, hardware and cloud services for a wide range of commercial applications worldwide.    Address  1001 South Dairy AshfordSuite 100Houston, TX 77077United States   Phone  1-713-595-6675   Website   www.valmie.com     Executives Board Members    Gerald B Hammack  Chairman/President/CEO/CFO     Show More         



Investors - Valmie Resources - Drone Software Solutions - OTC: VMRI









































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 





 








Valmie (VMRI) is a Big Hit at the Offshore Technology Conference in Houston





Valmie (VMRI) is Awarded FAA 333 Exemption to Fly in National Airspace




 
 
 
 
 



BREAKINGNEWS
 
 
 
 





Here is How AeroLift eXpress Works
There are thousands of oil drilling platforms worldwide that are near shore. When these break down, the cost of standing still is enormous, and many times it is over a small part like a seal or an O-ring. Until now, these companies have been forced to hire an expensive helicopter or a slow workboat to deliver these parts. AeroLift eXpress is tailored to quickly deliver these parts, via drone, for a fraction of the cost—producing a nice revenue stream for VMRI.






 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 



“Drones could do for physical transportation what the Internet did for the flow of information.”– Gerald Hammack, President | CEO
 
 
 
 



Why Valmie?The commitment we have to our investors and end users is focused on making drone technology safe, reliable, and cost effective. As drone technology continues to move into the mainstream market, Valmie anticipates taking a leadership position in the industry by delivering an enhanced user experience. Valmie’s promise is in reach and its commitment will maximize company growth for its investors.
 
 
 
 




 
 

 
 
 



 
 
 



GLOBAL DRONE MARKET PREDICTED TO GROW FIVE-FOLD THROUGH 2020
 
 
 


 

 
 


 

 
 
 


 
 
 




 
 
 
 



PRESS RELEASES
 
 
 



 
 
 
 



The President’s BlogAre you excited as we are about the Drone Industry? Check out The President’s Blog.
 
 

See Blog
 
 
 
 



Don’t Be Left OutStay up to date on everything Valmie – our latest news, videos, blogs and other content on the drone revolution right to your inbox.Risk Disclaimer:Investing in the stock market involves risk of loss
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 





























Valmie Resources - Drone Software Solutions - VMRI



































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











 
 
 
 
 
 



PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONSValmie acquires aerial data collection hardware, software, and data storage solutions for commercial applications. Valmie’s systems collect and analyze the highest quality aerial data in the most efficient manner possible.Valmie’s systems can be customized with an array of sensors including thermal imaging, three dimensional and multispectral NDVI. All data is securely stored on servers and can be accessed by most computers.
 
 
 
 


 
 


Meet our Partners – Custom Designs for Unique Mission RequirementsAerolift eXpress, Valmie’s newest collaboration, is a privately held tech start-up that offers increased productivity, reduced operating costs and lower risks by providing elite unmanned aerial transport to the world’s most inaccessible locations.Currently, Aerolift can deliver a payload of up to 14 pounds within an operating radius of 250 miles. With a focus on the energy sector, Aerolift is deployable worldwide, wherever unmanned aircraft are authorized to fly.
Aerolift eXpress is led by a team of military trained pilots, mission commanders and specialists with more than 60 years of combined aviation experience during successful military campaigns. Aerolift’s aircraft are military grade construction, adapted for commercial applications. Together with state of the art ground control stations and flight control software, Aerolift’s platform has been demonstrated during more than 100,000 flight hours in wartime conditions.
Learn more at www.aeroliftexpress.com
 
 

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 


 

V1-X8a and V2-H6a Drones by VertitekValmie’s custom integrations and solutions meet each unique mission requirement. Valmie’s V1-X8a and V2-H6a drones by Vertitek are designed and manufactured using leading edge techniques to produce safe, lightweight, and robust airframes, ensuring reliable operations. Vertitek’s in-house manufacturing processes are environmentally friendly. Valmie holds to the highest standards combined with the intention to remain on the forefront of unmanned system manufacturing processes. Valmie’s engineering team continuously assesses existing products, adjusts and adapts based on customer requirements and market developments.
The V1-X8a is designed for image acquisition and the V2-H6a is developed for image acquisition plus has a payload capacity for additional sensors such as high resolution cameras, thermal imaging cameras and LIDAR sensors.Contact Valmie today to learn how a custom-designed unmanned aircraft system can enhance your operations.
 
 
 
 



 

The Valmie V-1 DroneThe versatile solution for a range of commercial UAV requirementsHardware DescriptionThe multi-rotor platform features a large carbon fiber composite frame with high efficiency brushless motors. To further increase efficiency, the motors include large diameter carbon fiber blades. This provides powerful lift while increasing flight times. State-of-the-art lithium polymer batteries provide power to the rotor with amazing power-to-weight ratios. These batteries not only save weight, but also provide longer flight times than previous generations of batteries. Along with powerful batteries, the Valmie V-1 copter will feature a fully autonomous autopilot. The autopilot system is based on the powerful 32-bit Pixhawk controller with many sensors and features. This controller provides more functionality with custom sensor packages. These packages range from Sonar, to GPS mapping, to a live First Person View (FPV) of the surroundings. Each multi-rotor system can be customized to fit specific needs by upgrading, optimizing, and personalizing individual components.
 
 
 
 



Product Features
Fully Autonomous 32 Bit Pixhawk Flight Controller Featuring:
32-bit STM32F427 Cortex M4 core with FPU
168 MHz/256 KB RAM/2 MB Flash
32 bit STM32F103 failsafe co-processor
ST Micro L3GD20 3-axis 16-bit gyroscope
ST Micro LSM303D 3-axis 14-bit accelerometer / magnetometer
Invensense MPU 6000 3-axis accelerometer/gyroscope
MEAS MS5611 barometer
UBLOX GPS
915 MHz Telemetry
Real Time Current and Voltage Sensing


Lightweight Custom Carbon Fiber Frame
Multistage Vibration Dampening
Custom Camera and Sensor Mounts
Impact Resistant
Potential Folding Frame Design


High Capacity Lithium Polymer Batteries Sensor Packages
Live Video Feed with On Screen Display
Sonar / Optical Flow
Video Recording with Image Analysis
LIDAR / Smart Object avoidance /Terrain mapping (V2 drone)
Smart Mapping Camera Package (V2 drone)
Payload Delivery (V2 drone)
Remote Telemetry

 
 

 
 
 



The President’s BlogAre you excited as we are about the Drone Industry? Check out The President’s Blog.
 
 

See Blog
 
 
 
 



Don’t Be Left OutStay up to date on everything Valmie – our latest news, videos, blogs 
and other informative content about the drone revolution, right to your inbox.
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 





























Valmie Resources - Presidents Blog - VMRI

































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 







            Valmie Receives FAA 333 Exemption            
 by Valmie | May 5, 2016 | The President's Blog | There was a lot of enthusiasm at Valmie Resources when we received the news that our company had received the sought after FAA 333 Exemption to commercially operate unmanned aircraft in the National Airspace System.This authority is being leveraged to grant case-by- case authorization for certain unmanned aircraft to perform commercial operations prior to the finalization of the Small UAS Rule, which will be the primary method for authorizing small UAS operations once it is complete.When the excitement died down we began a thoughtful and careful consideration about what our authorization signified. As U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said, “Make no mistake: unmanned aircraft enthusiasts are aviators, and with that title comes a great deal of responsibility.”First, for us it means we are pioneers in this emerging space. We are among the first to have the ability to fly commercially and therefore will forever be viewed as industry trailblazers. We take this responsibility very seriously as we move forward with growth plans in a responsible manner.Next, we will fly safely. With every negative drone incident our entire industry suffers a setback. We plan to follow applicable safety guidelines and never do anything that will damage the evolution of this exciting sector.Last, we are committed to the overall growth of the drone sector as well as the growth of Valmie, and we are open to collaborations that will not only move our companies forward but also the entire industry. We are pleased with the partnerships we have formed thus far and look forward to partnering with other like-minded companies that hold a vision of drones for good in the years...                    Read More




            Drones Taking Center Stage at CES 2016            
 by Valmie | Jan 6, 2016 | The President's Blog | Happy New Year! I hope you are coming back from a great holiday season and the New Year brings you peace, joy and lots of awesome futuristic gadgets!And speaking of futuristic devices, unmanned systems are revolutionizing the way we capture and monitor information. The topic of drones has been one of the hottest news items in technology during the past two years. Drones and other unmanned systems have taken off as a unique commercial tool, regardless of whether flight is controlled by onboard computers or remotely from the ground.At the massive CES (Consumer Electronics Show) 2016, unmanned systems are figuring heavily, where a record 27 recognized and new drone manufacturers have descended on Las Vegas to demonstrate their new technology.What are we likely to see at CES regarding the drone world? Valmie is just getting started checking out the exciting exhibits and conferences, but to their current controversial nature, drones will certainly place added importance on flight safety this year. Manufacturers will be featuring autopilot and homing features designed to minimize near misses and accidents. Improved battery life and extended flight times are also expected be demonstrated.Experience some highlights of the variations in design and functionality of this exciting technology and check out the next wave of advancements in the Unmanned Systems Marketplace at CES, January 6 through 9 in Las Vegas, Nevada.See you...                    Read More




            Package Delivery in 30 Minutes            
 by Valmie | Dec 7, 2015 | The President's Blog | Shop online, hit the “buy” button and get your product 30 minutes later. How futuristic is that?The future is now at Amazon. Recently, the retail giant revealed the latest prototype of drones it will deploy as part of its Prime Air Service using unmanned aerial vehicles to deliver packages in less than 30 minutes.According to details released Sunday by Amazon, the “octocopter” drones weigh 55 pounds and can carry packages weighing up to 5 pounds. The drones fly under 400 feet and use “sense and avoid” technology to dodge potential obstacles en route to their delivery destinations.Amazon says they are testing drones in “multiple international locations” and will launch the service once the company has “the regulatory support needed to safely realize our vision.”Although the plan will require more safety testing and FAA approvals in the U.S., Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos estimates that delivery-by-drone, dubbed Amazon “Prime Air,” will be available to customers as soon as 4-5 years.Other companies are getting in on the act. Google is eyeing 2017 for the launch of a drone delivery operation transporting packages to consumers by drone. David Vos of Google’s Project Wing — the internal project for testing drone use – recently talked about the project to an audience at an air traffic control convention near Washington, D.C.Google is not the only company exploring drone delivery. Last month, Walmart revealed it was seeking permission from the FAA to test drones for deliveries.As a baby boomer who grew up watching the Jetsons, I get wildly enthusiastic about news like this. How about...                    Read More




            Drones South of the Border            
 by Valmie | Nov 15, 2015 | The President's Blog | The commercial drone market is continuing to develop south of the border. From the Caribbean coast in Mexico and the Amazon rainforest to the Argentine Pampas, drones are busy assessing weather damage, surveying timberland and monitoring crops and livestock. Large businesses are already profiting, and smaller companies are beginning to reap the benefits as well. While many countries are widening their homegrown drone technology, several U.S. drone producers are looking to create production facilities in Latin America to make the technology more available. Valmie is there, and has recently signed an LOI with an international tech company to explore UAV collaboration. The agreement underscores Valmie’s search for unique teaming scenarios in less restrictive foreign environments to allow the opportunity to develop and perfect Valmie’s UAV platform more quickly. Check back for updates on this...                    Read More




            Are You Ready to Fly a Drone?            
 by Valmie | Oct 19, 2015 | The President's Blog | The Consumer Electronics Association has forecast that 700,000 UAV’s will be sold this holiday season. People are excited about drones and their capabilities, and the use of UAV’s around the world has exploded.Most prospective operators – from consumers to businesses—want to fly safely, but many don’t realize that, just because you can easily acquire a UAV, doesn’t mean you can fly it anywhere, or for any purpose.Stay off the naughty list! If you will be among those fortunate new owners of a UAV in the coming weeks and you live in the U.S., you should be aware about “Know Before You Fly.”“Know Before You Fly” is a valuable resource that helps new drone users understand the responsibilities that come with UAV operation. It was founded by the three leading organizations with a stake in UAV safety – the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI), the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) and the Small UAV Coalition. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is partnering with the founding members to spread the word about safe and responsible flying.Their website includes integration with AirMap, an app-based software system that provides UAV operators with accurate airspace information including the geographic data on airports, temporary flight restrictions, restricted airspace, national parks and NOAA marine protection areas.The website now includes an interactive quiz, Are You Ready to Fly A Drone? The quiz tests basic knowledge of UAV rules and the airspace. When completing the quiz, users are ranked on their ability as an operator.Go to www.knowbeforeyoufly.org to learn much...                    Read More




            Move over, Amazon and Google, delivery drones are coming!            
 by Valmie | Sep 16, 2015 | The President's Blog | An Ohio-based truck manufacturer has recently filed a Section 333 exemption with the FAA to deliver packages using its wireless recharging HorseFly octocopter that flies to and from a standard vehicle.The HorseFly is currently being tested in a program together with the University of Cincinnati to develop the system necessary to execute precision take-offs and landings from the top of a delivery truck in a variety of weather conditions.The concept behind the HorseFly is to combine drones with traditional package delivery services and assist in servicing outliers along the route to help cut down the overall cost of deliveries. This is the first UAV platform with the capability to make deliveries from a constantly moving vehicle and employs proprietary battery and system technology that was developed for EPA-approved electric work trucks.The electric delivery truck, along with the integrated HorseFly system was among the contenders this year for a contract to build the next generation delivery vehicles for the U.S. Postal Service.How it worksIf a driver has four deliveries in one part of town but only one in another, the drone might be able to handle that single, less convenient delivery.The technology combines autonomous and manual control.GPS is used to determine the delivery location, and the drone flies there without human input. When it arrives at its destination, a downward-pointing camera switches on and an operator at a remote center takes over. The operator guides the drone down, making sure to avoid people and obstacles, and releases the package. The drone then resumes autonomous flight and returns to the truck.In tests, the drone has flown at speeds up to 55...                    Read More




            Sense and Avoid Technology            
 by Valmie | Aug 24, 2015 | The President's Blog | As reported in a previous blog post, earlier this year the World Economic Forum issued its list of the top 10 emerging technologies of 2015. The World Economic Forum is the international institution committed to improving our planet through public-private cooperation.Number 8, “Sense and Avoid” drones, is the next stage in UAV development that will transform drones from remotely flying aircraft (aircraft with human pilots on the ground) to machines that fly themselves. This opens them up to a much wider range of applications.This means drones must be able to sense and respond to their local environment, altering their height and flying trajectory in order to avoid colliding with other objects in their path.This collision avoidance and the loss of positive control, two of the FAA’s major safety concerns, will keep drone delivery services from deploying in the very near future. However, sense and avoid technology is beginning to evolve.The technology is already being deployed on larger and much smaller military drones. Drone manufacturer General Atomics Aeronautical Systems recently reported it has flight-tested an early version of a sense–and-avoid radar mounted on its 10,000-pound military drone.However, sense and avoid technology for drones weighing less than 55 pounds is not common and is keeping drones from being safely allowed to fly outside the line of sight of the operator.NASA, along with a private drone manufacturing company, is developing an Internet-based system that will give drone operators information on oncoming obstacles such as bad weather and physical obstructions, based on the filed flight plan. Eventually, more sophisticated feedback systems will be developed that could actively manage the airspace by, for example,...                    Read More




            Analysis of Section 333 Exemptions            
 by Valmie | Aug 17, 2015 | The President's Blog | As reported in a recent press release, Valmie has submitted its Section 333 petition for exemption to the FAA for civil operation of unmanned aerial systems (UAS). The exemption will allow Valmie to realize the advantages of drones for future clients in the U.S.While we wait for our petition to be processed, I thought I would present a brief overview of FAA exemptions to date.The agency approved the first commercial operators in September 2014 to a group of film and television production companies. Prior to this time the only approved commercial UAV operations were granted for minimal operations supporting oil and gas activities in the Arctic under a lengthy process originally developed for manned aircraft.Within a year of commencing the exemption process, the agency ramped up its approval process and as of today, 1,008 petitions have been granted. The top industries receiving exemptions areReal estateAerial surveyingAerial photographyAgricultureAerial inspectionConstructionInfrastructure inspectionUtility inspectionFilm and TelevisionEnvironmentalThe top five states with most FAA-approved UAS operators areCaliforniaTexasFloridaIllinoisArizonaIn February 2015 the FAA released its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for drones, a drafted set of rules that could govern the commercial UAV industry. It is expected that the rule will be reviewed and completed in mid-2016. Until then, the Section 333 exemption process remains the most effective manner for commercial operators to responsibly and safely gain access to the national airspace.While this is a small segment of our nascent UAV industry in the U.S., it is the beginning of what will be a boundless economic driving force and a transformative business application that will increase society’s ability to save time and...                    Read More




            Drones Among Top 10 Emerging Technologies for 2015            
 by Valmie | Jul 28, 2015 | The President's Blog | Technology is arguably the greatest change agent in the modern world. While never without risk, technological developments ensure innovative solutions to the most urgent challenges of our generation.Earlier this year, the World Economic Forum issued its list of the top 10 emerging technologies of 2015. The World Economic Forum is the international institution committed to improving the state of the world through public-private cooperation.With 2015 more than half over, I thought it might be good to revisit this list.Fuel cell vehiclesNext-generation roboticsRecyclable thermoset plasticsPrecise genetic engineering techniquesAdditive manufacturingEmergent artificial intelligenceDistributed manufacturing“Sense and avoid” dronesNeuromorphic technologyDigital genomeTo create this list, the World Economic Forum’s Meta-Council on Emerging Technologies, a panel of 18 experts, drew on the shared knowledge of the Forum’s communities to recognize the world’s most critical and timely technological developments.The purpose of this effort is to raise awareness about the vast impact of these 10 technologies and to close the gaps in investment, regulation and public understanding that so often impede progress.Number 8, “Sense and Avoid” drones, is the next stage in UAV development that will transform drones from remotely flying aircraft (aircraft with human pilots on the ground) to machines that fly themselves. This opens them up to a much wider range of applications.This means drones must be able to sense and respond to their local environment, altering their height and flying trajectory in order to avoid colliding with other objects in their path.I will discuss this in more detail in a coming post. In the meantime, read up on the “Top 10” list at...                    Read More




            Valmie Exploring Agricultural Drone Platform Development in Mexico            
 by Valmie | Jul 16, 2015 | The President's Blog | If you’ve been following our press releases, you’re aware that Valmie is exploring collaboration with a technology startup in Mexico, Drone Lab Mexico.  We are investigating this relationship for the purpose of sharing technologies to build specialized drone platforms for a variety of commercial uses.Drone Lab Mexico is focused on the implementation of leading edge technology to meet needs in a variety of commercial spaces through design, development and customization of UAV’s.In addition to the value that Drone Lab’s team brings to the table, the country offers a less restrictive setting that will allow Valmie to develop its drone technology in a more flexible environment.With the majority of the commercial market for drones expected to grow in the direction of agriculture, our companies’ mutual interest in that area will result in a very productive relationship.  We look forward to developing platforms that will help farm operators on both sides of the border save money and conserve resources.Interestingly, agriculture is a major user of ground and surface water, accounting for as much as 80 percent of our nation’s consumptive use! By gathering and analyzing data from drones, farmers will be able to determine what portions of their fields need irrigation for maximum conservation of water. We at Valmie are excited to be part of this valuable project and we invite you to check here often to learn more about our...                    Read More



« Older Entries

 







 
 
 





























Valmie Resources - Drone Software Solutions - VMRI



































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











 
 
 
 
 
 



TECHNOLOGYValmie’s commercial drone packages are based upon years of unmanned system experience. These systems are designed to bring the power of unmanned solutions to various areas of civil operations, resulting in the ability to make faster, smarter decisions.
 
 
 
 



Valmie offers turnkey solutions using:Design consultation and custom platform developmentFast prototypingPlug and play compatibility for ease of use
 
 
 
 
 



CompatibleCapability of developing custom drone packages for a variety of conditionsCapability of developing user-friendly ground control software and independent flight control systemsCan connect with open-source third party hardware and software solutionsReliable, consistent networking between components
 
 

SecureSeamlessly deploy custom-engineered solutions with components best suited for each projectOperate with blue-chip dependabilityCollect and share data using cloud servicesImplement efficient and reliable work flows
 
 

GlobalAgricultureHumanitarian campaignsNews reportingPublic service applicationsWildlife surveillanceResearchInsuranceForestryInfrastructure surveying
 
 
 


Contact Valmie today to learn how a custom-designed unmanned aircraft system can enhance your operation.
 
 
 
 



The President’s BlogAre you excited as we are about the Drone Industry? Check out The President’s Blog.
 
 

See Blog
 
 
 
 



Don’t Be Left OutStay up to date on everything Valmie – our latest news, videos, blogs 
and other informative content about the drone revolution, right to your inbox.
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 





























Valmie Resources - Drone Software Solutions - VMRI



































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











 
 
 
 
 
 



PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONSValmie acquires aerial data collection hardware, software, and data storage solutions for commercial applications. Valmie’s systems collect and analyze the highest quality aerial data in the most efficient manner possible.Valmie’s systems can be customized with an array of sensors including thermal imaging, three dimensional and multispectral NDVI. All data is securely stored on servers and can be accessed by most computers.
 
 
 
 


 
 


Meet our Partners – Custom Designs for Unique Mission RequirementsAerolift eXpress, Valmie’s newest collaboration, is a privately held tech start-up that offers increased productivity, reduced operating costs and lower risks by providing elite unmanned aerial transport to the world’s most inaccessible locations.Currently, Aerolift can deliver a payload of up to 14 pounds within an operating radius of 250 miles. With a focus on the energy sector, Aerolift is deployable worldwide, wherever unmanned aircraft are authorized to fly.
Aerolift eXpress is led by a team of military trained pilots, mission commanders and specialists with more than 60 years of combined aviation experience during successful military campaigns. Aerolift’s aircraft are military grade construction, adapted for commercial applications. Together with state of the art ground control stations and flight control software, Aerolift’s platform has been demonstrated during more than 100,000 flight hours in wartime conditions.
Learn more at www.aeroliftexpress.com
 
 

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 


 

V1-X8a and V2-H6a Drones by VertitekValmie’s custom integrations and solutions meet each unique mission requirement. Valmie’s V1-X8a and V2-H6a drones by Vertitek are designed and manufactured using leading edge techniques to produce safe, lightweight, and robust airframes, ensuring reliable operations. Vertitek’s in-house manufacturing processes are environmentally friendly. Valmie holds to the highest standards combined with the intention to remain on the forefront of unmanned system manufacturing processes. Valmie’s engineering team continuously assesses existing products, adjusts and adapts based on customer requirements and market developments.
The V1-X8a is designed for image acquisition and the V2-H6a is developed for image acquisition plus has a payload capacity for additional sensors such as high resolution cameras, thermal imaging cameras and LIDAR sensors.Contact Valmie today to learn how a custom-designed unmanned aircraft system can enhance your operations.
 
 
 
 



 

The Valmie V-1 DroneThe versatile solution for a range of commercial UAV requirementsHardware DescriptionThe multi-rotor platform features a large carbon fiber composite frame with high efficiency brushless motors. To further increase efficiency, the motors include large diameter carbon fiber blades. This provides powerful lift while increasing flight times. State-of-the-art lithium polymer batteries provide power to the rotor with amazing power-to-weight ratios. These batteries not only save weight, but also provide longer flight times than previous generations of batteries. Along with powerful batteries, the Valmie V-1 copter will feature a fully autonomous autopilot. The autopilot system is based on the powerful 32-bit Pixhawk controller with many sensors and features. This controller provides more functionality with custom sensor packages. These packages range from Sonar, to GPS mapping, to a live First Person View (FPV) of the surroundings. Each multi-rotor system can be customized to fit specific needs by upgrading, optimizing, and personalizing individual components.
 
 
 
 



Product Features
Fully Autonomous 32 Bit Pixhawk Flight Controller Featuring:
32-bit STM32F427 Cortex M4 core with FPU
168 MHz/256 KB RAM/2 MB Flash
32 bit STM32F103 failsafe co-processor
ST Micro L3GD20 3-axis 16-bit gyroscope
ST Micro LSM303D 3-axis 14-bit accelerometer / magnetometer
Invensense MPU 6000 3-axis accelerometer/gyroscope
MEAS MS5611 barometer
UBLOX GPS
915 MHz Telemetry
Real Time Current and Voltage Sensing


Lightweight Custom Carbon Fiber Frame
Multistage Vibration Dampening
Custom Camera and Sensor Mounts
Impact Resistant
Potential Folding Frame Design


High Capacity Lithium Polymer Batteries Sensor Packages
Live Video Feed with On Screen Display
Sonar / Optical Flow
Video Recording with Image Analysis
LIDAR / Smart Object avoidance /Terrain mapping (V2 drone)
Smart Mapping Camera Package (V2 drone)
Payload Delivery (V2 drone)
Remote Telemetry

 
 

 
 
 



The President’s BlogAre you excited as we are about the Drone Industry? Check out The President’s Blog.
 
 

See Blog
 
 
 
 



Don’t Be Left OutStay up to date on everything Valmie – our latest news, videos, blogs 
and other informative content about the drone revolution, right to your inbox.
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 





























Valmie Resources - Drone Software Solutions - VMRI









































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











 
 
 
 
 
 



HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS FOR THE DRONE REVOLUTIONCollect and analyze high quality data – make smarter decisions faster
 
 
 
 




Products & SolutionsA drone on its own is nothing more than a remote control toy. But when connected to a complete networked support system it becomes a powerful automated business solution that helps companies make better decisions faster.

Read More

 


Industries We ServeThe commercial unmanned aerial vehicle industry is rapidly expanding. Valmie applies UAV technology to a wide variety of sectors such as oil and gas, agriculture, real estate and news reporting.

Read More

 


Invest with VisionAs more industries begin employing drones to increase efficiencies and safely obtain quality information, the time is right for investors to consider the first-mover opportunity this technology presents. If you recognize the important role drones will play in the global economy, we welcome you as an investor.

Read More

 
 
 



The President’s BlogAre you excited as we are about the Drone Industry? Check out The President’s Blog.
 
 

See Blog
 
 
 
 



Don’t Be Left OutStay up to date on everything Valmie – our latest news, videos, blogs 
and other informative content about the drone revolution, right to your inbox.
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 





























Valmie Resources - Drone Software Solutions - VMRI



































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











 
 
 
 
 
 



ABOUT US
Valmie was established to bring unmanned system software, hardware and cloud solutions to a range of industries around the globe. Valmie’s mission is to become one of the world’s leading sources of unmanned systems and related high tech equipment and services.
Valmie holds a 333 Exemption to operate unmanned aircraft within the U.S. National Airspace System and is authorized to conduct commercial operations. In addition, Valmie has teamed up with two leading edge tech companies, Vertitek and Aerolift eXpress, to offer businesses exceptional unmanned aerial services worldwide.
Valmie understands the critical role unmanned systems will play in the coming years, guarding countries, protecting life, providing valuable information and recording everything from sporting events to wildlife migration. Valmie is proud to be involved in this exciting industry that has so much to offer and holds the potential to impact and improve the lives of so many people.
 
 
 
 



 

Are You Ready for the Drone Revolution?As a result of the exploding growth of this industry, a void exists between hobby and military level drones. Valmie helps fill this gap to meet specific commercial mission requirements. Drone systems are now available – and affordable – as a result of evolving micro-controller technologies and the universality of inexpensive, accurate sensors. Valmie leverages these technologies together with real-world engineering provide the consumer with superior value and functionality. Valmie’s innovative platforms enable customization to each company’s requirements by flawlessly linking software with airframes, sensors and payloads. Valmie can take a concept or preliminary design to production quickly and accurately, meeting total mission requirements.
 
 
 
 



Drones Make the World a Better PlaceFrom transporting critical medical supplies to finding a missing child, drones have the capability to make the world better. This robust technology can also help companies perform better. We invite you to contact us to explore using drones to improve your business.Learn more about how Valmie can deliver superior performance in your business.
 
 

 
 
 



Meet our CEOGerald B. HammackGerald Hammack is responsible for executing Valmie’s company vision. He leads Valmie’s growth and client development efforts. His primary focus is to create partnerships that enable company expansion. Gerald draws on a depth of industry experience that spans more than 30 years in business management, information systems, accounting, training and technical support. Prior to joining Valmie, Gerald was a consultant and project manager for various organizations, providing customized programming and solutions using a wide variety of hardware/software platforms.
His vast management and operational capability includes the areas of programming, system administration, and network engineering. His reputation for creativity, analytical skills and tireless attention to detail is well acknowledged. Gerald is recognized for his ability to define and address technical challenges, and develop and manage solutions that affect the bottom line.

 
 
 
 



The President’s BlogAre you excited as we are about the Drone Industry? Check out The President’s Blog.
 
 

See Blog
 
 
 
 



Don’t Be Left OutStay up to date on everything Valmie – our latest news, videos, blogs 
and other informative content about the drone revolution, right to your inbox.
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 





























Valmie Resources - Drone Software Solutions - VMRI



































 

















Facebook




Google+




Twitter


BLOG
OTCQB: VMRI

  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 








INDUSTRIESBusiness applications for drones are quite literally taking off within a number of industries.The use of unmanned aerial systems in civilian airspace will have a huge economic impact, creating thousands of jobs for drone operators, data analysts, mechanics and others. The following industries are poised to change dramatically within the coming months through the incorporation of drone technology:
 
 
 
 



Offshore Oil and GasWhether searching for new petrochemicals reserves or maintaining asset integrity, Valmie is poised to meet the growing demand for for aerial data gathering and administration, along with unmanned vehicle transportation in the challenging offshore environment.Unmanned transportAsset and environmental surveyingOil spill detection and damage assessmentCoastline monitoringSea ice monitoringTerrain mapping
 
 

 
 
 



 

Onshore Oil and GasRisk and data administration are at the forefront of oil and gas exploration, as well as pipeline and rig management. Valmie’s systems have the capability of safely meeting the growing demand for unmanned system intelligence in the field.Asset, environmental &amp; wildlife surveyingOil spill detection and damage assessmentOil/Gas pipeline leak detectionOil/Gas pipeline surveillance incident mappingFacility security
 
 
 
 



AgricultureToday, farmers use satellites, manned planes and walking the field to monitor crops. But these traditional methods are time consuming, inefficient and often inaccurate. Valmie’s technology helps the farm operator accomplish precision agriculture, increasing yield with less time and effort. Valmie’s UAV platforms are game changers because they allow farmers to collect and process data in real time, helping them make the best decisions for planting, fertilizing and harvesting crops.Canopy profilingDrainage estimates and topographyIdentify pests, disease, weedsMeasure erosion channel width and depthCount plants and determine population / spacing issues
 
 

 
 
 



 

InsuranceDrones can access areas immediately after disasters strike. With Valmie’s customized systems that produce data on demand, underwriting and claims assessment can now be performed quickly, reliably and accurately. Unmanned aerial systems systems cover large areas and deploy immediately for requirements such as:Natural disaster lossesFlood area monitoringReview of crop destruction and harm to livestockDamage assessment
 
 
 
 



Law EnforcementWhen faced with potentially dangerous situations law enforcement needs as much information as possible in order to determine a course of action. Valmie’s aerial solutions can provide law enforcement with real-time situational awareness without putting anyone in harm’s way.Search for suspects and missing personsStandoff or hostage situationAccident or crime scene investigation/documentationExplosive and bomb disposal responseNarcotics investigationHazmat incidentsCrowd/riot controlSituational awareness
 
 

 
 
 



 

Search and RescueWhen a disaster or incident threatens lives and livelihoods, emergency responders require information and real-time imagery in order to make better decisions. Valmie’s solutions can provide situational awareness over a large area quickly, reducing the time and the number of searchers required to locate and rescue injured or lost people, greatly reducing the cost of search and rescue missions.Search for suspects and missing personsSearch and recovery operationsDisaster and emergency response
 
 
 
 



The President’s BlogAre you excited as we are about the Drone Industry? Check out The President’s Blog.
 
 

See Blog
 
 
 
 



Don’t Be Left OutStay up to date on everything Valmie – our latest news, videos, blogs 
and other informative content about the drone revolution, right to your inbox.
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 

























Valmie’s Vertitek Releases Three New Drone Racing ProductsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballValmie’s Vertitek Releases Three New Drone Racing ProductsBusiness WireOctober 11, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareHOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Valmie Resources Inc. (VMRI) announces that its wholly owned subsidiary, Vertitek, is now offering three new drone racing products to the public. This launch comes as part of Vertitek’s plan to enhance its Engineering and Services Department, which will allow for 100% in-house fabrication of commercial grade UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) products.“Vertitek’s initial product, the LDE 180, showed brisk sales and has already proven to be popular among some of the fastest drone racing pilots in the country,” said Sean Foster, President of Vertitek. “In our home state of Louisiana, you would be hard pressed to find a racer who is not using one of our frames and excitement is building for our three new products.”Vertitek’s recently established division, Vertitek Racing, specializes in fabricating and selling racing frames for the competitive drone racing industry. Vertitek Racing’s original product, Model LDE 180, is extremely light and durable. It was quickly accepted among drone racers.The three new Vertitek Racing products are the LDX, the LDE 199, and the LDE 130.The extremely lightweight yet rugged LDX is a hybrid frame that allows the pilot to seamlessly go from racing to freestyle. It is perfect for going fast and doing tricks.The LDE 199 is now the go-to racing frame for the Vertitek Racing Team. It is almost 20mm larger than the original LDE 180 yet is equally light and durable. Using the newest battery and motor technology, it is not uncommon to reach top speeds of 90 mph with this model.The LDE 130 is a smaller frame that can be utilized with the same components as the larger Vertitek models. Built from 2.5mm carbon fiber, this tiny quadcopter is capable of keeping up with frames in a much larger category. Using 3-inch propellers, this frame can reach speeds in excess of 65 mph and is extremely nimble in the corners.In addition to the drone racing frames, Vertitek’s engineering and services component will offer design and prototyping to the commercial drone industry, backed by several leading edge 3D printers. Services will include reliable and fast turnaround for repairing or replacing broken parts.All Vertitek racing frames are available for purchase online at http://racing.vertitek.com.About Valmie Resources (VMRI)Valmie Resources is a U.S. company actively pursuing opportunities for the commercialization of leading edge products and services in the rapidly expanding technology industry. Valmie seeks concepts with valid business models positioned to make a significant impact within the four key “megasectors” of technology: software, hardware, networking, and semiconductors. Valmie brings operating talent, tools, and leadership to emerging companies in these sectors, promoting industry awareness and developing economically sustainable partnerships while increasing shareholder value.For further information visit http://valmie.comAbout VertitekA high-tech startup company, Vertitek was established to develop technology for a range of commercial unmanned vehicle applications. Vertitek addresses needs for custom components to meet specific commercial mission requirements that arise as a result of the exploding growth of this industry.For further information, visit http://www.vertitek.comForward-Looking StatementsCertain information provided in this press release constitutes forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "expect", "project", "estimate", "forecast" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The reader is cautioned that assumptions used in the preparation of such information, although considered reasonable at the time of preparation, may prove to be incorrect. Actual results achieved during the forecast period will vary from the information provided herein as a result of numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors. You can find a discussion of those risks and uncertainties in our EDGAR securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such factors include, but are not limited to: general economic, market and business conditions; fluctuations in the technology market; the results of product development and the result of our efforts to develop strategic relationships, partnerships and potential acquisitions that are in line with our business model; outcome of partnership negotiations; the uncertainty of market estimates; changes in environmental and other regulations; risks associated with retail operations; and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company. There is no representation by Valmie Resources that actual results achieved during the forecast period will be the same in whole or in part as those forecast. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws, Valmie Resources assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made herein or otherwise, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161011005403/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressApple (AAPL) to Report Q3 Earnings: Is a Beat in Store?ZacksEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReuters9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo FinanceIs a Surprise Coming for Apple (AAPL) This Earnings Season?ZacksMagic Johnson's Son Looks Unrecognizable NowStantonDailySponsoredMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beTrump replaces chief of staff Reince Priebus with homeland security chief John KellyDanielle: This "presidency" is out of control.  Mueller...please bring this travesty to a stop, soon!Join the Conversation1 / 59.6k








