    Sander van Deventer | Forbion Capital Partners | ZoomInfo.com










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













AMT CEO Ronald Lorijn Steps Down - Sander van Deventer Interim CEO | News | Gilde Healthcare


































Gilde Healthcare



en
nl
de

Portfolio
Team
News
About us
Contact








News








AMT CEO Ronald Lorijn Steps Down - Sander van Deventer Interim CEO


				        January 22, 2009
				    

Amsterdam, The Netherlands – Amsterdam Molecular Therapeutics (Euronext: AMT), a leader in the field of human gene therapy, announced today that Dr. Ronald H.W. Lorijn will for personal reasons retire as chief executive officer, effective February 1, 2009. Prof. Sander van Deventer, AMT's chief scientific officer and co-founder of the company, has been named chief executive officer on an interim basis. Since Ronald Lorijn started in 2005, AMT changed from a small, one-product company into a leading gene therapy company with a richly filled R&D pipeline and lead product Glybera®. The Company reached within four years a number of key milestones: successful financing round in 2006; successful IPO in 2007; multiple R&D strategic international collaborations; and Glybera® close to filing for marketing approval in Europe, USA and Canada.  “Under Ronald’s leadership the company has delivered outstanding results for which we are very grateful. We look forward to continuing the execution of the company strategy by building on this strong foundation,"  said Ferdinand Verdonck, chairman of the Supervisory Board.  “I regret that personal reasons prevent me from being actively involved in the next level of growth of AMT. I wish this great company and its people a lot of success in achieving the goal we have set ourselves: offering cures for patients suffering from serious, debilitating diseases by making gene therapy available to them”  said Ronald Lorijn. Sander van Deventer:  “I look forward to guiding AMT at this important stage with the clinical trial for Glybera® and the filing of the marketing authorization dossier for this product. I am focused on successfully developing our drug candidates into cures for serious diseases together with the team of excellent and experienced people at our company.”  Ferdinand Verdonck adds:  “Sander van Deventer has in-depth knowledge of gene therapy and of the company as he is CSO and co-founder of AMT. The Supervisory Board is pleased that he will be the CEO ad interim until a successor is found. We are confident that under his leadership the company will make great progress.”  The Supervisory Board will begin a search for a new CEO immediately. The Company plans to report its annual results 2008 on February 24, 2009. AMT expects results to be in line with the guidance given earlier. About Amsterdam Molecular Therapeutics AMT has a unique gene therapy platform that to date appears to circumvent many if not all of the obstacles that have prevented gene therapy from becoming a mainstay of clinical medicine. Using adeno-associated viral (AAV) vectors as the delivery vehicle of choice for therapeutic genes, the company has been able to design and validate what is probably the first stable and scalable AAV production platform. As such, AMT’s proprietary platform holds tremendous promise for thousands of rare (orphan) diseases that are caused by one faulty gene. AMT currently has a product pipeline with nine products at different stages of development. For information André Verwei CFO Tel. +31 20 566 7394 a.verwei@amtbiopharma.com Rob Janssen Director Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Tel. +31 20 566 7509 Mob. +31 6 54 70 88 65 r.janssen@amtbiopharma.com www.amtbiopharma.com Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements” including those that refer to management's plans and expectations for future operations, prospects and financial condition. Words such as “strategy,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “will,” “continues,” “estimates,” “intends,” “projects,” “goals,” “targets” and other words of similar meaning are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Amsterdam Molecular Therapeutics only. Undue reliance should not be placed on these statements because, by their nature, they are subject to known and unknown risks and can be affected by factors that are beyond the control of AMT. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations due to a number of factors and uncertainties affecting AMT’s business, including, but not limited to, the timely commencement and success of AMT’s clinical trials and research endeavors, delays in receiving U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory approvals (i.e. EMEA, Health Canada), market acceptance of AMT’s products, effectiveness of AMT’s marketing and sales efforts, development of competing therapies and/or technologies, the terms of any future strategic alliances, the need for additional capital, the inability to obtain, or meet, conditions imposed for required governmental and regulatory approvals and consents. AMT expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law.  For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting AMT, refer to the prospectus of AMT’s initial public offering on June 20, 2007, and AMT’s public announcements made from time to time.









FORBION Capital Partners |  Empowering entrepreneurs to foster healthcare innovation













































Empowering entrepreneurs

to foster healthcare innovation



































Our Focus

Forbion Capital Partners (Forbion) is a leading venture capital firm that works closely with entrepreneurs to build life sciences companies with technologies and products designed to transform people’s lives.

Forbion currently manages over €700m across six closed-end funds, including its $200m+ FCFIII fund, launched in 2016, for which Forbion is actively looking for new exciting opportunities. Forbion has a team of ten investment professionals across two offices, in Naarden (NL) and Munich (DE) plus representation in Boston (USA). Forbion’s portfolio companies are developing novel drugs, medical devices and diagnostics for high and unmet medical needs. Besides financial support, Forbion helps companies to bridge research and development through the team’s expertise in drug development and company building. The current portfolio comprises around 27 active investments in companies working in the fields of cancer, kidney disease, liver disease, dyslipidemia, inflammatory bowel disease, anti-infectives, central nervous system pain management, and the microbiome. Recent examples of successful exits include Dezima sold to Amgen for up to $1.55bn and the sale of Acerta Pharma to Astra Zeneca for a total exit value of $7bn (investment by Forbion’s affiliate BioGeneration Ventures).

Read more












True innovation is

to create precedent rather than follow it





Meet our team

Our People
Our team typically takes a collaborative approach to reviewing transactions that leverage our combined clinical, financial, operational and management expertise.

Follow us










                
                    Sander Slootweg, MSc
                
            
Managing Partner








                
                    Marco Boorsma, PhD
                
            
Partner








                
                    Robbert van de Griendt, MSc
                
            
Head of Investor Relations & ESG








                
                    Holger Reithinger, PhD
                
            
General Partner








                
                    Rogier Rooswinkel, PhD
                
            
Principal








                
                    Vincent van Houten, MSc
                
            
CFO








                
                    Mathias Falcenberg, PhD
                
            
Analyst








                
                    Philip Astley-Sparke, FSA
                
            
Venture Partner








                
                    Martien van Osch, MSc
                
            
Managing Partner








                
                    Geert-Jan Mulder, MD
                
            
General Partner








                
                    Sander van Deventer, MD PhD
                
            
Managing Partner








                
                    Cyril Lesser, MSc
                
            
Controller




























All News
News





                                                July 10, 2017
                                            
Prexton announces initiation of phase II clinical testing in Parkinson’s disease
Portfolio news







                                                July 10, 2017
                                            
Cellnovo concludes a loan agreement for up to €20 million from the European Investment Bank
Portfolio news







                                                July  7, 2017
                                            
Cellnovo successfully raises € 17.5 million from healthcare investors
Portfolio news







                                                July  7, 2017
                                            
Curetis To Attend Key Investor and Scientific Conferences In The Third Quarter 2017
Portfolio news












Working closely with

scientists, entrepreneurs and academic institutions




Show all
Portfolio
Our featured portfolio companies








Oxyrane
Taking the bold steps needed to make the small ones possible.







NovoGI
Advancing patient care by providing solutions for gastrointestinal disease management.







Curetis
Simple and rapid solutions for the diagnosis of severe infectious diseases in hospitalized patients.







Mitralign
Percutaneous transcatheter devices for the treatment of mitral valve regurgitation.










Sander van Deventer | FORBION Capital Partners






































































Team

Meet our team









Sander van Deventer, MD PhD
        

Sander van Deventer has had a critical role in the development of the first commercial monoclonal antibody (Remicade) and the first gene therapy to be granted market authorization in the Western world (Glybera). He currently is a Managing Partner at Forbion Capital Partners and Professor of Translational Gastroenterology Leiden University Medical Center. He is a member of the Boards of Argos Therapeutics (Durham, USA), Uniqure (Amsterdam, The Netherlands), Hookipa (Vienna, Austria), Staten Biotechnology (Naarden, The Netherlands) and enGene (Montreal, Canada).
He was trained as an internist and board certified gastroenterologist, received a doctorate of philosophy from the University of Amsterdam, worked as a scientist at Rockefeller University and became director of the laboratory for Experimental Internal Medicine at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam in 1995. In 1998 he co-founded Amsterdam Molecular Therapeutics (AMT; currently Uniqure), a gene therapy company that develops AAV-based gene therapy products. From 2001 until 2004, he chaired the Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam. He has authored more than 500 peer review scientific papers, and supervised more than 40 PhD students.












                            Call +31 6 54982592
                        










                            Send an email
                        










                            Download vCard
                        




Connect on LinkedIn






            Managing Partner
        
"We bridge the chasm that separates research and development."




Show all
Portfolio
Companies managed by Sander van Deventer







Argos Therapeutics
Personalizing immunotherapy so patients can fight their own disease.







enGene
Delivering the promise of molecular therapeutics.







Hookipa Biotech
Developing a new generation of vaccines.












Prof. Sander van Deventer - TBVI
































































 












 Accelerating TB vaccine Research & Development through partnership











































 

Prof. Sander van DeventerFounder and managing partner of Forbion Capital Partners Professor in Translational Gastroenterology at the University of Leiden The Netherlands Sander van Deventer is a founder and managing partner of Forbion Capital Partners. He serves as a non-­‐executive on the boards of Argos Therapeutics, Inc., giCare Inc., Hookipa AG, uniQure NV and enGene, Inc. He also is a professor in Translational Gastroenterology at the University of Leiden and an accomplished scientist: He authored more 400 peer-­‐review scientific papers and supervised more than 40 PhD students.
Sander van Deventer -­‐a certified internist and gastroenterologist-­‐ received his medical degree and doctorate (of philosophy) from the University of Amsterdam, after defending a thesis on the biological activities of bacterial lipopolysaccharides in humans. Following board certification in internal medicine and gastroenterology he worked as a scientist in the Laboratory for Medical Biochemistry, Rockefeller University, New York. He was the first to administer an anti-­‐TNF monoclonal antibody (later registered as Remicade®) to patients with Crohn’s disease, the first to infuse apolipoprotein A1 in humans and had a critical role in the development of other therapeutic interventions, targeting cytokines, cytokine receptors, T-­‐cells and signal transduction pathways, using small molecules, antibodies, peptides, proteins and antisense DNA technologies. He supervised the development of Glybera, the first gene therapy product to be approved in Europe, and several other gene therapy products. In 1995, he became director of the laboratory for Experimental Internal Medicine at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam, and continued to work on therapeutic signal transduction inhibition, gene therapies, and (genetically engineered) probiotics. From 2001 until 2004, he chaired the Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam.
In 1998 he co-­‐founded Amsterdam Molecular Therapeutics (AMT N.V.) currently uniQure B.V., developing AAV-­‐based gene therapy products and now listed on Nasdaq, acting subsequently as CSO, CMO and CEO.








MenuHome
About us
What we do
How we work
For researchers and vaccine developers
For funders
Pipeline of vaccines
News

TuBerculosis Vaccine Initiative (TBVI) Runderweg 6
8219 PK Lelystad
The Netherlands
Email: info@tbvi.eu
Phone: +31 320 277 550


 









© 2015 TuBerculosis Vaccine Initiative (TBVI) | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Disclaimer | Sitemap |
Door Internetbureau Redkiwi










Start typing and press Enter to search









Dr H. Onno Ruding (chairman)Dr Michel Goldman

















	PharmaTelevision - Forbion’s General Partner Sander van Deventer discusses game changing investments.





















































Personal Login   
                 | 
                Register
                 | 
                Email Alerts



Click Here to Access Your Company IP Login



Shopping Cart

(0)




                 
                

Advanced Search


















                  Home
                







                  PTV Guide
                







                  PTV Channel
                




                         PTV News Review
                       



                         The Business Channel
                       



                         The Regional Channel
                       



                         The Financial Channel
                       



                         Business Network
                       






                  Register
                







                  About PTV
                




                         About PTV
                       



                         Why Advertise with PTV?
                       



                         Subscription Information
                       



                         Contact Us
                       



                         Careers
                       



                         Conference Services
                       



                         Technical Services
                       



                         Production Services
                       



                         Oxford Television Studios
                       











                    PTV News Review
                 



                    The Business Channel
                 



                    The Regional Channel
                 



                    The Financial Channel
                 



                    Business Network
                 










Recent Episodes
Watch recent episodes on
PTV News Review














                                    Are Medigene 
                                










                                    How a collaborative 
                                










                                    Will accelerated 
                                










                                    RowAnalytics: 
                                










                                    BCF: A Different 
                                










                                    Karus Therapeutics: 
                                










                                    Atlantic 
                                










                                    Centauri 
                                










                                    One Nucleus: The 
                                










                                    Newable: Helping to 
                                










                                    GE Healthcare:      
                                










                                    Biotech and Money 
                                










                                    Green Bone: 
                                










                                    Abpro: Creating 
                                










                                    Cantargia: 
                                










	    Forbion’s General Partner Sander van Deventer discusses game changing investments.





	  






Episode Loading...

PharmaTelevision requires Javascript enabled and Adobe Flash Player to watch our programmes. If you do not have Flash installed, you can download it for free from the Adobe Flash homepage. Improve your Internet experience and start watching exciting new video content.








                Video title: Forbion’s General Partner Sander van Deventer discusses game changing investments.





            

                Released on: August 08, 2013. © PharmaTelevision Ltd
            


Share/save this page:







Email







Bookmark







Facebook







Twitter







LinkedIn




Follow us:







RSS







Twitter









In This Episode:

Investment strategy of Forbion Capital Partner - [00:25]Buying compound from Mitsubishi Tanbe and formation of  Dezima Pharma - [02:25]Development of Lead molecule in dyslipidemia space - [06:14]How does  Dezima Pharma compete against other CETP inhibitors? - [08:16]Future plans and partnering strategy - [09:58]






Summary
Transcript
Participants
Company



        			            Sander van Deventer, General Partner at Forbion Capital former & interim CEO of Dezima PharmaPartners talks to Fintan Walton about the game changing Pharma and Biotech companies Forbion is investing in Dezima Pharma, a recent investment, is discussed at length. 
    			            



Investment strategy of Forbion Capital PartnerFintan Walton:
     Hello and welcome to PharmaTelevision News Review here at BioEurope Spring, in Barcelona, in 2013. On this show I have Sander van Deventer, who is General Partner at Forbion Capital, welcome. Sander van Deventer:
     Yes, thank you very much. Fintan Walton:
    Sander you are a as I said a General Partner at Forbion Capital, but you are also Interim CEO of a company called   Dezima , now Dezima is a company, we will come on to the detail of that, but it describes the types of companies you are investing in, so just from Forbion Capital point of view, what sort of companies do you invest in? What are you looking for and what you like about the companies you have identified? Sander van Deventer:
     Yes, I think in general our strategy has been to invest in companies that really are game changers in their respective therapeutic areas. So that includes novel class of small molecules, but also gene therapy, cell therapy approaches and our strategy really is to bring it you know some times from really early on all the way to market registration such as we've done for example with UniQure  where we really started gene therapy and then brought it all the way to a product which is now approved in Europe, and the other thing is that we really want to cater unmet medical needs. Fintan Walton:
     Right, and game changers, disruptive technologies have got big prizes to them but they have high risk to them as well, so how do you balance that risk particularly if you are going to back the products all the way through into clinic? Sander van Deventer:
     Yes of course we spread risk in our portfolio, so   Dezima Pharma which is a small molecule for dyslipidemia really falls in a different category than say an early investment in a gene therapy company. On the other hand I think what we have specialized in this to be really good at clinical development, regulatory strategy and not the least also manufacturing. Buying compound from Mitsubishi Tanbe and formation of  Dezima PharmaFintan Walton:
     Okay, so let's look at Dezima, because that's an interesting story in its own right, first of all just give us a little bit of the history to that, how do that come about and why did you get in the game so early? Sander van Deventer:
     Yes so we do have a good relationship with a couple of our exclusive advisors including John Kastelein whom I know quite well because together we were the, we founded UniQure together. Fintan Walton:
     Okay. Sander van Deventer:
     And so he is our Advisor and he brings us quite a lot of deals, and so John actually knew that there was this compound in Japan which had been developed by Mitsubishi Tanbe, but they discontinued development and we knew actually from the characteristics of the drug and looking at it in more detail actually it became quite apparent that this was a real good one in that particular class of drugs which are CETP inhibitors. So starting from there actually we founded a company around it, the company actually opened for additional in-licensing and we formed the management ourselves, we got great help from one of our other portfolio company Xention, part of their development team, the CMO and the VP clinical development are from Xention, and so with a lot of support from Forbion and one of our portfolio companies we really brought this product into a company which hit the floor running I would say. Fintan Walton:
     Right, but you've also just raised some money recently through Series A? Sander van Deventer:
     We did, yes. We actually pre-financed the company with together with a local Dutch fund called BioGeneration Ventures, but now we have a new investor coming in New Science Ventures, very well known to us, we have couple of joint investments, very good investor bringing in significant amount of additional money including money from ourselves which will fully fund the company all the way through Phase IIb. So we also got a 4.4 million soft loan called innovation credit from the Dutch government, so together that fully finances this company all the way through Phase IIb. Fintan Walton:
     I suppose when a company discontinues a product like Mitsubishi Tanbe does you have to ask questions, I am sure you did, so what answers did they give to your questions that enabled you to say 'yes, this may be still a winner'? Sander van Deventer:
     Well of course that is a question you would have to ask Mitsubishi  and not to me, we believe it's a winner just basically looking at the data which include clinical data, and I think there is more corporate strategy reasons for them to discontinue development. Fintan Walton:
     So there is nothing there from a clinical perspective or from a technical perspective that worried you? Sander van Deventer:
     No not at all. Fintan Walton:
     Obviously, otherwise you wouldn't have taken it. Sander van Deventer:
     We've done very extensive due diligence and I think the people we work with know this CETP space in and out and so, yes we are really confident that we have a good product here. Fintan Walton:
     And is there a still a collaboration with Mitsubishi Tanbe [PharmaDeals ID = 50581] on this? Sander van Deventer:
     Yes, we are very happy with the collaboration with Mitsubishi, and I think things are moving quite rapidly forward, I mean and it's only for this reason that we will be able to do start a Phase II study within just a couple of months from now. Fintan Walton:
     Right, so obviously they carried out a lot of clinical knowledge about this particular product? Sander van Deventer:
     They did, they did a Phase I single dose and multiple ascending dose studies in Europe, they've done fantastic work on the drug itself, on formulation and they've provided us with a really good preclinical package. Development of Lead molecule in dyslipidemia spaceFintan Walton:
     Right, so let's look at the this lead molecule, because I mean obviously it's in a very interesting space, dyslipidemia is important obviously it fits within the same field as cholesterol-lowering drugs, so what is it about your molecule that and it's approach that put it's in a superior position to say regular  Statin?Sander van Deventer:
     Yes, so  Statin lower LDL cholesterol and clearly are effective in doing that when it comes to clinical endpoints, but despite Statin treatment quite a lot of patients with dyslipidemia still have coronary events. For example if you had a first coronary event even with Statin treating you have a 25% chance of getting another one within two-years time, so there is room for improvement. The problem is if you increase the dose of Statin then you do see more a cholesterol lowering, but you also run in to other problems such as for example increased type 2 diabetes incidence and some Statin actually decrease HDL cholesterol at higher dosages, so just increasing the dose of the Statin doesn't work, you see CETP inhibitors have a quite a different mechanism they mediate there or they effect of shuttling of cholesterol from HDL to LDL particles in exchange for triglycerides and by doing that they both increase HDL cholesterol and lower LDL cholesterol and so that in itself is an interesting mechanism and they do it on top of Statins.Fintan Walton:
     Okay. Sander van Deventer:
     And so if you combined CETP inhibitors with Statin then you could get to more for example LDL cholesterol lowering while you avoid actually the diabetes risk, in fact in one of the first studies with a CETP inhibitor, the one that was initially developed by Pfizer, that even that came very nicely out of the trial. How does  Dezima Pharma compete against other CETP inhibitors?Fintan Walton:
     Alright, so how do you compete against other CETP inhibitors?Sander van Deventer:
     So the CETP inhibitors actually all are molecules from different classes and they have very different effects on LDL cholesterol and HDL cholesterol, for example the  dalcetrapib drug, a Roche's product that failed, only increased the HDL cholesterol and we believe that definitely is not sufficient for an effective clinical endpoints, we strongly believe you need to decrease LDL cholesterol and our product actually is the best in class in that respect, in both respects actually, increasing HDL but also in decreasing LDL cholesterol and then there are some other proatherogenic particles, lipoproteins like a particle called lipoproteinlittle a   which is very atherogenic and it's not effected by any drug basically in a significant effect, so we do have a very pronounced effect on that proatherogenic particles also it really has differentiated itself from other  Statins and CETP inhibitors.Fintan Walton:
     Right and what is it about your molecule that its structure and so forth that makes it distinctive? Sander van Deventer:
     Well it's a completely different class and we do know something about other CETP inhibitors that is where they actually bind to CETP and in what respect they effect the shuttling, and clearly our molecule binds in the lipid bearing pockets and it is probably 10-fold more or even more than 10-fold more potent than the other competitors. Future plans and partnering strategyFintan Walton:
     Okay, so obviously, but I've got to point out you are the Interim CEO so presumably you are looking for a new CEO for that, good luck with that, but there just in terms of taking the product forward, you mentioned that often you will take drugs all the way through into clinic and even to market, in this case you are going to do that? Sander van Deventer:
     Well in this case it's going to be a little different. Fintan Walton:
     Of course. Sander van Deventer:
     The point of course is that we know that Phase III clinical development for this type of product is large pharma territory and the clinical trials that are being designed by Lilly and Merck that range from depending on how you do it from 5000 to 14000 patients and that definitely will not be in our in what we will do, but we do believe that if we have a very strong Phase IIb program that we will be able to partner this product because it falls in an unmet medical need area and we are pretty sure that large pharma would be interested in a product like that. Fintan Walton:
     Right,  obviously it retains its profile that you assume it has at the moment, so that's a partnering program, you also mentioned that for  Dezima  you were looking for other products, you are interested in licensing or identifying other alliance, could you give us some sort of feel for what that would be? Sander van Deventer:
     Well those would be products in the same area that is for treatment of dyslipidemia and that could be in various classes there is squalene synthase inhibitors, there are oral products, lipid analogs that modify lipid profiles et cetera, et cetera and as a matter of fact we see a lot of these opportunities coming by. Fintan Walton:
     Sure. And then obviously for a company like that, you are looking for an exit at some point? Sander van Deventer:
     We do, for all our portfolio companies we look for an exit. Fintan Walton:
     I know it's a leading  question but I suppose this sort of company you probably wouldn't want to IPO, but you may want somebody to buy? Sander van Deventer:
     Yes, sure. I don't think it does make a lot of sense to IPO a company like this, I mean it's definitely going to be a partnership and a trade sale some point in time. Fintan Walton:
     Okay, and Sander's so just in the end just to finalize this you are here at this conference are you looking for partners already? Sander van Deventer:
     We do and actually, I mean there is a quite lot of interest in this product already, so yes. Fintan Walton:
     Sander's, thank you very much indeed for coming on the show. Sander van Deventer:
     Well thank you. 




Fintan Walton
Dr Fintan Walton is the Founder and CEO of  PharmaVentures . After completing his doctoral research on the genetics of cell proliferation at the University of Michigan(US)and Trinity College (Dublin, Ireland), Dr Walton gained broad commercial experience in biotechnology in management positions at Bass and Celltech plc (1982-1992).
 Sander van   Deventer  Senior Vice President 
At the time of recording this PTV interview  Sander van Deventer  serves as Interim CEO and Forbion's General Partner at   Dezima Pharma.
Dr. Sander van Deventer is co-founder, former CEO and CSO of UniQure , which developed the first approved gene therapy in lipoprotein lipase deficiency that also is a dyslipidemic disease indication. Sander is Professor of Translational Gastroenterology at Leiden University Medical Center and Chairman of the SAB of the Dutch RA foundation. He has had a critical role in the development of the first commercial monoclonal antibody (Remicade) for treatment of Crohn's Disease  and was the first to infuse reconstituted HDL in humans. Sander has published over 450 research papers, reviews and book chapters and supervised over 30 PhD students to successful completion of their theses. Sander van Deventer also is General Partner at Forbion Capital Partner and serves in that role on the Board of Directors of UniQure , Argos Therapeutics, gIcare, Cardoz, and Hookipa.





 PharmaVentures  PharmaVentures  is a corporate finance and transactions advisory firm that has served hundreds of clients worldwide in relation to their strategic deal making in the pharmaceutical, life science and healthcare sectors.
Our key offerings include:
Transactions / deal negotiations;
Product / technology valuations;
Deal term advice; 
Due diligence & expert reports;
Strategy formulation;
Alliance management; and
Expert opinion for litigation/arbitration cases.
 PharmaVentures  provides the global expertise to ensure our clients generate the highest possible return on investment from all their deal making activities. We have experience of all therapeutic areas and can offer advice on both product and technology commercialisation.  Dezima Pharma Dezima Pharma develops novel drugs to treat dyslipidemia.
Dyslipidemia  is a major modifiable risk for cardiovascular disease. Dezima's objective is to develop novel compounds from pre-clinical development to meaningful proof of concept (PoC) in patients.
Following PoC, Dezima will seek strategic partners to further development in the larger cardiovascular indications, and/or continue in-house development of its compounds in smaller, orphan type indications. 
Netherlands-based Dezima Pharma was founded in 2012 by Forbion Capital Partner and BioGeneration Ventures.




























                PharmaTelevision® is a registered trademark of PharmaVentures Ltd. Terms and Conditions

                ©2006-2017 PharmaVentures Ltd. All rights reserved. 
        





