    Kevin VanSolkema | PRIVATEBANCORP, INC | ZoomInfo.com


Kevin Jay Van Solkema - Elmhurst, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kevin Jay Van Solkema in Elmhurst, IL


Kevin Jay Van Solkema

                                                                           Intelius found that Kevin Jay Van Solkema  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Elmhurst, IL.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Kevin  Solkema


Get Report Now

Age

Kevin Jay Van Solkema is in his 50s

Kevin Has Lived In

Elmhurst, IL
Ann Arbor, MI
Okemos, MI

Kevin's Relatives

Renita Vansolkema
Bethany Vansolkema
Solkema van
Audrey Vansolkema







Kevin Jay Van Solkema



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Managing Director at The PrivateBank and Trust Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kevin? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kevin, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kevin Jay Van Solkema
Get a Criminal Check on Kevin Jay Van Solkema
Get a Public Record Report on Kevin Jay Van Solkema
Get a People Search Report on Kevin Jay Van Solkema


Kevin Jay Van Solkema's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kevin Jay Van Solkema has lived as well as Kevin Jay Van Solkema's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kevin Jay Van Solkema Has Lived in 2 States
Illinois Address for Kevin Jay Van Solkema


15-W103 C****** S* 

Elmhurst, IL


Has Lived In

Elmhurst, IL
Ann Arbor, MI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kevin Jay Van Solkema

(630) ***-**** - Elmhurst, IL 
(312) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 
(312) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kevin Jay Van Solkema

k******a@***.edu
s*****a@***.com
k*********a@***.com


Get Email Report




Kevin Jay Van Solkema's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Kevin Jay Van Solkema's academic history.  Find out which schools Kevin Jay Van Solkema attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Kevin Jay Van Solkema received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kevin Jay Van Solkema Has Attended 5 Schools
Michigan State University 1982 – 1983               Kevin Jay Van Solkema has a MBA, in Finance               
Michigan State University               1982 – 1983               Kevin Jay Van Solkema has a MBA, Finance in Finance               
Michigan State University               1982 – 1983               Kevin Jay Van Solkema has a MBA in Finance               
Grand Valley State University               1978 – 1981                              
Unity Christian High School               1975 – 1978                              


Kevin Jay Van Solkema's Professional Information
Information regarding Kevin Jay Van Solkema's professional history.  Find out previous places Kevin Jay Van Solkema has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kevin Jay Van Solkema Has Worked at 13 Places
Company: The PrivateBank and Trust Company
               Title: Managing Director
Company: The PrivateBank and Trust Company
               Title: Managing Director & Chief Risk Officer
Kevin Jay Van Solkema's Experience
Title: Managing Director
               Company: The PrivateBank and Trust Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Title: Managing Director & Chief Risk Officer
               Company: The PrivateBank and Trust Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Kevin Jay Van Solkema

 See Kevin Jay Van Solkema's LinkedIn Profile



Kevin Jay Van Solkema's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kevin Jay Van Solkema


Kevin Jay Van Solkema's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kevin Jay Van Solkema's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kevin Van Solkema
Username Matches

                  KevinVan Solkema
                  Van SolkemaKevin
                  Kevin.Van Solkema
                  Van Solkema.Kevin
                  Kevin_Van Solkema
                  Van Solkema_Kevin
                  Kevin-Van Solkema
                  Van Solkema-Kevin
                  KVan Solkema
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Van Solkema







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


























Van Solkema Produce Inc. | Joe Produce - Produce jobs | Produce careers | Agriculture jobs | Agriculture careers






















Skip to main content


















Joe Produce



            Produce jobs | Produce careers | Agriculture jobs | Agriculture careers          
 


Sign Up for Job Alerts



 

		Sign up for our Job Alerts!

 











 


Main menu

HomeMy AccountSearch JobsAdvanced SearchAll JobsSalesAgricultureMarketingQA / Food SafetyBuyerManagementAccounting/FinanceAdministrativeHuman ResourcesTransportationOperationsCrop ManagementDriverEntry LevelInternshipsJob SeekersCurrent Jobs ListFAQsFeatured EmployersJob AlertsJoe's FriendsReferral RewardsResume WritingEmployersAssessmentsEmployer DashboardFAQsJoe Produce SearchMVP CandidatesPost a JobRecruitingRecruitingResourcesAbout UsProduce Career FairsProduce IndustryTop Agriculture Colleges 


Google Search









 




	 
 


 








 Company:  Van Solkema Produce Inc. 
 Company Website:  http://www.vansolkemaproduce.com/  

 








 


 



          Van Solkema Produce Inc.        







 
 Consultants, Agencies, Brokers & Freelancers






 Employer Summary




	Welcome to Van Solkema Produce Inc...
 
About Our Company:
	Van Solkema Produce, Inc. is headquartered in Byron Center, MI, located just 10 miles south of the beautiful and bustling city of Grand Rapids. Here we handle the sales and packaging side of our business, while our growers keep us supplied with more than 1000 acres of year-round mixed vegetables from Florida and Georgia. We are growing fast and the demand is high for our fresh produce, and that means we are expanding and changing as the market requires.  We currently employ approximately 35 full-time workers and 55 seasonal, and we are anxious to add new talent to our growing and enthusiastic family of employees.
Our Culture:
	We value hard work and shared goals, and that's why our employees have brought us continued success over the years.  We truly care about our employees and treat every person like a member of our family. We also believe that our values of honesty, respect, and trust have always been the foundation of a very satisfying work environment. Our employees know that their achievements will be recognized and appreciated.  And, because Van Solkema Produce was mainly a grower at one time, our company President will tell you that he understands the needs of the growers and will always ensure that they are well taken care of and their needs are met.
Our Area:
	Byron Center, located in West Michigan, is within an easy commute to Grand Rapids, Holland, Kalamazoo and Lansing. The area is diverse in land use, ranging from rolling farms to suburban neighborhoods, from thriving commercial districts to 21st Century Industrial facilities. The farming community has a strong tradition here, and exists happily alongside the fast-paced activities of busy families and growing businesses. 
Our Mission:
	For more than four generations, our employees have been committed to serving the produce industry through cooperative teamwork and dedication to our mission of providing the very best products every day. We’re proud to say that our customers can always depend on us to provide produce that is fresh, flavorful and of the highest quality. To further our mission, we are always looking toward the future and believe in hiring new talent to help us remain flexible and responsive to the changing needs of market requirements.
Our History:
	At Van Solkema Produce, Inc., we have a long and proud history in the Michigan farming community, tracing our family roots in fresh produce as far back as 1896 when Gerrit Van Solkema came to the U.S. from the Netherlands. Since then we have seen many changes and much growth in our business, yet our main focus has always remained on the quality of our products and the integrity of our team. 
 






 
 
 





© 2017 Joe Produce. All rights reserved.




Account InfoCreate New Account
Log In
My Account
Request New Password

Job SeekersCurrent Jobs List
Featured Employers
Sign Up for Job Alerts
Joe's Friends
Join the Joe Team
Referral Rewards
Resume Writing
Search Jobs
FAQs

EmployersAssessments
Employer Dashboard
Joe Produce Search
Post a Job
FAQs

More...About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Top Agriculture Colleges

 


 
 





Vansolkema Produce






























 

 







Accounting:
Byron Center, MI
Glennville, GA


Jerry Van Solkema
Byron Center, MI 
O: 616.878.1508
jerryv@vansolkemaproduce.com
Scott Dekock
		            Byron Center, MI
		            O: 616.878.1508 scottdk@vansolkemaproduce.com
		            Sales
		            2630 Prescott St. 
		            Byron Center, MI 49315
		          O: 616.878.1508
		          F: 616.878.1557
  

Shipping 
120 Hwy 196
Glennville, GA 30427
O: 912.654.0532
F: 912.654.1493 


Michigan Sales: 
	              Tim Van Solkema
Byron Center, MI 
C: 616.813.4913
timv@vansolkemaproduce.com

	              Todd Van Solkema
Byron Center, MI 
C: 616.292.7047
toddv@vansolkemaproduce.com
Submit a General Inquiry to Vansolkema Family Farms:  

		              Name: 


 Email: 


 Phone: 


Comments/Questions: 








 
 


Adam Harnish
Sales / Food Safety
C: 616-292-7860
adamh@vansolkemaproduce.com



 
 










 


 


 

 



























Website Designed & Maintained by Spectrum Net Designs, Inc











Vansolkema Produce

































 

Green peppers are grown in MI and GA and are available from May 20th through November 10th. 
AVAILABILITY:

Byron Center, MI: July - October
Glennville, GA: May - June; September - November
Moultrie, GA: May - June; September - November


 



























Website Designed & Maintained by Spectrum Net Designs, Inc











Vansolkema Produce






























 


We've experienced many, many changes in our cherished 117 year existence. This experience has brought us to where we are today. We want to remember and celebrate this past yet continue to build on this experience for our future generations and our valued customers. 
Today as we enter this 117th year the leadership has been passed to the 5th generation of the VanSolkema family. While many changes have occurred our unwavering commitment to excellence has not. This same commitment to excellence and ethics still stands today. 
This commitment can be found in all of our locations. Today the Van Solkema family grows and or ships from Byron Center, MI, Glennville, GA, and Moultrie, GA. Our family as expanded as well as our growing regions, length of availability and commodities offered. A member of our trained and experienced sales staff is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to discuss your needs. 




It has been stated many times that "our forefathers were light years ahead of our time." This statement holds true when speaking of Gerrit Van Solkema. A Dutch Immigrant who longed for the rich, fertile soil located in Western Michigan. A place where you could grow the freshest, best quality vegetables all while living in the new world. This dream became reality when Gerrit arrived and began farming on rented West Michigan land in 1896. His dream to provide his community with the finest quality produce had finally happened. Did he have foresight to envision what Van Solkema would be today? One must wonder. 



Today after 117 years of growing, shipping, distributing the freshest, best quality produce from around the world these same values hold true today; all from the Van Solkema Family. To our community, our customers, our consumers, our growers and as stewards of our land Gerrit longed for before 1896. Our commitments have stood to these beloved priorities. 

1896 - Gerrit Van Solkema arrives from the Netherlands
1903 - Gerrit Van Solkema purchases the first 300 acres
1946 - Gerald Van Solkema returns from WWII and begins farming
1964 - Gerald purchased a packing plant to package radishes, turnips, parsnips and carrots
1990 - Gerald Van Solkema retires and Jerry Van Solkema purchases the company and is the President today. 



Planting and packing Radishes and Carrots in August of 1958.  


 

 



























Website Designed & Maintained by Spectrum Net Designs, Inc











Vansolkema Produce

































 

It's been estimated that celery was first cultivated around 850B.C in the Mediterranean for medicinal purposes. It was not served as a food choice until several hundred years later in France in the year 1623. Celery did not make it to the new world until George Taylor brought it to Kalamazoo, MI in the 1850's. Mr. Taylor grew celery along the banks of the Kalamazoo river until blight decimated his celery crop in the early 1880's. The survival of celery in the new world was in doubt until Dutch settlers like Gerrit Van Solkema began expanding the planting acreage further north near the towns of Byron Center and Hudsonville, MI. 
Today Van Solkema Produce ships and packs celery from FL, TX, CA, MI and MX. This enables Van Solkema to have year round supplies to meet your celery needs. 


AVAILABILITY: 

Byron Center, MI: July - October
Glennville, GA: July - October

 



 

 



























Website Designed & Maintained by Spectrum Net Designs, Inc










VanSolkema Produce




































We invite you to visit your local retailer to find 
          our "Oh Boy" family brand. 



























Family owned for 117 years! 
Today Vansolkema Family Farms grows, packages, and/or distributes quality fruits and vegetables across North America. From Peruvian sweet onions to Michigan grown zucchini Vansolkema Family Farms has the ability to meet demands of retailers, food service distributors and their consumers.




Vansolkema Family Farms offers a wide range of items packed in the "Oh Boy" brand
from a variety of locations for your convenience and product freshness. 




















































Coming Soon...

Site Designed & Maintained by Spectrum Net Designs, Inc 










Vansolkema Produce






























 

Apple and Pear Crisp
Preparation: 30 min

		        Cook Time: 55 min


INGREDIENTS: 

2 pounds ripe Bosc pears (4 pears)
2 pounds firm Macoun apples (6 apples) 
1 teaspoon grated orange zest 
1 teaspoon grated lemon zest 
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice 
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 
1/2 cup granulated sugar 
1/4 cup all-purpose flour 
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg 
For the Topping:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 
3/4 cup granulated sugar 
3/4 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed 
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt 
1 cup old-fashioned oatmeal 
1/2 pound (2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, diced

DIRECTIONS: 
 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. 
Peel, core, and cut the pears and apples into large chunks. Place the fruit in a large bowl and add the zests, juices, sugar, flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Pour into a 9 by 12 by 2-inch oval baking dish 
 For the topping: 
Combine the flour, sugars, salt, oatmeal, and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low speed for 1 minute, until the mixture is in large crumbles. Sprinkle evenly over the fruit, covering the fruit completely. 
Place the baking dish on a sheet pan and bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, until the top is brown and the fruit is bubbly. Serve warm. 




*Recipe from FoodNetwork.com 
 



 



























Website Designed & Maintained by Spectrum Net Designs, Inc











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Van Solkema Produce Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







VAN SOLKEMA PRODUCE




Find a Company








Industry






  







2630 Prescott Street Byron Center, MI 49315 
Company Profile & Financial Information for Van Solkema Produce
Van Solkema Produce's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Van Solkema Produce's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Van Solkema Produce's strengths. 
Van Solkema Produce operates in the Farm Product Raw Material Merchant Wholesalers industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Van Solkema Produce's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

RevenueN/A    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees10 - 100Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry4245 Farm Product Raw Material Merchant Wholesalers

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Van Solkema Produce's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		
Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

OH BOY!FRESH VEGETABLES 03/31/1980 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Van Solkema Produce grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Van Solkema Produce is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: Van Solkema Produce vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as Van Solkema Produce, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)CARGILLMinneapolis, MN100 CGB ENTERPRISESMandeville, LA5 THE GAVILON GROUPOmaha, NE4 Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Van Solkema Produce, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Van Solkema Produce's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Van Solkema Produce and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0258 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.








Van Solkema Produce, Inc.                                                                                                - Byron Center                                      , MI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



Byron Center



Crop Preparation Services For Market



Vegetable Packing Services



                            Van Solkema Produce, Inc.
                                    



 





















V 


Van Solkema Produce, Inc.                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2630 PRESCOTT ST SW BYRON CENTER, MI 49315
Get Directions



(616) 878-1508
www.vansolkemaproduce.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 1966
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $22,000,000.00
 Employee Count 30
 Industries Vegetable Packing Services
 Contacts Jerry Van Solkema                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1966, Van Solkema Produce, Inc.                                                                                                has been providing Vegetable Packing Services from Byron Center. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







V

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.










































sr-risk-regulation - Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago            
    
















About Us
Contact Us
Museum
Careers





 









































































Risks & Resolutions: The Day After for Financial Institutions

The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and DePaul University's Center for Financial Services hosted the second annual Financial Institutions Risk Management Conference. Panel discussions focused on lessons learned, the role of capital in providing risk discipline and the systemic risk presented by institutions that are "too big to fail."
 








Agenda


 


Tuesday, 04/14/09


                                    
8:00 AM                                


Registration and Continental Breakfast
                                        




                                    
9:00 AM                                


Opening Remarks
                                        

Ali&nbspFatemi, Alumni Professor and Chair, Department of Finance, DePaul University 

Carl&nbspTannenbaum, Vice President, Risk Management, Supervision & Regulation, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 

Losses, Leverage and Liquidity: The Road Ahead for Risk Manangement (PPT, 930KB)





                                    
9:30 AM                                


Introduction 
                                        
Keynote

Charles L&nbspEvans, President & Chief Executive Officer, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 




                                    
10:15 AM                                


Panel: Chief Risk Officer Panel
                                        
Moderator & Session Leader

Dick&nbspCahill, Vice President, Risk Management, Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
Panelists

Joyce St&nbspClair, Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, Northern Trust Corporation 

Northern Trust Company: Global Risk Management (PPT, 263KB) 


Dominic&nbspMonastiere, Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, Chemical Bank, Midland, Michigan  

Presentation (PPT, 56KB)


Enterprise Risk Management: The PrivateBancorp (PDF, 580KB) 


Kevin Van&nbspSolkema, Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer, The Private Bank  




                                    
12:30 PM                                


Lunch
                                        




                                    
2:00 PM                                


Panel: Future of Financial Innovation
                                        
John Labuszewski

Financial Innovation in a Distressed Economy (PPT, 756KB)


John&nbspLabuszewski, Managing Director, Research and Product Development, Chicago Mercantile Exchange 
Panelists

David&nbspMarshall, David Marshall, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 

The Financial Crisis of 2008: What Went Wrong? (PPT, 576KB)


Future of Financial Innovation (PPT, 2.62MB)


Gerald A&nbspBeeson, Chief Operating Officer/Chief Financial Officer, Citadel Investment Group, LLC 




                                    
3:30 PM                                


Perspectives on Risk 
                                        
Keynote

Gary H&nbspStern, President and Chief Executive Officer, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis 




                                    
4:15 PM                                


Panel: Too Big to Fail 
                                        
Moderator & Session Leader

Elijah Brewer&nbspIII, Professor of Finance, Department of Finance, DePaul University 
Panelists

Ron J&nbspFeldman, Senior Vice President, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis 

Seven Habits of Macroprudential Regulation (PPT, 40KB) 


Robert&nbspEisenbeis, Chief Monetary Economist, Cumberland Advisors, and Former Director of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta  

Too Big to Fail and Systemic Risk: What Did They Come from and What Do They Mean? (PPT, 89KB)


David&nbspCasper, Executive Managing Director, BMO Capital Markets 

Too Big to Fail Panel Discussion (PDF, 293KB)





                                    
5:45 PM                                


Reception
                                        


Wednesday, 04/15/09


                                    
8:00 AM                                


Continental Breakfast
                                        




                                    
8:30 AM                                


Keynote Speaker 
                                        
Keynote

Perspectives on Risk (PPT, 256KG)


William&nbspDowne, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bank of Montreal 




                                    
9:15 AM                                


Panel: Lessons Learned 
                                        
Moderator & Session Leader

Carl&nbspTannenbaum, Vice President, Risk Management, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 
Panelists

Jon D&nbspGreenlee, Associate Director, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 

Lessons Learned (PPT, 525KB)


Kathy&nbspDick, Deputy Comptroller for Credit and Market Risk and Chief Risk Officer, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 

Mark J&nbspFlannery, Bank of America Eminent Scholar of Finance, University of Florida 

What Can We Expect from Risk Management? (PPT, 222KB)





                                    
10:45 AM                                


Panel: Capital/Regulatory Emphasis
                                        
Moderator & Session Leader

Brian&nbspGordon, Senior Professional, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 
Panelists

Anil K&nbspKashyap, Edward Eagle Brown Professor of Economics and Finance, Booth School of Business, University of Chicago 

Regulation and Capital: The Future(PPT, 511KB)


Edward F&nbspGreene, Partner, Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton, LLP 

A Brief Supervisory Perspective on Banks' Internal Assessments of Capital Adequacy (PPT, 201KB) 


David&nbspPalmer, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 




                                    
12:00 PM                                


Box Luncheon 
                                        




                                    
1:00 PM                                


Special Event—Bankers Only Session 
                                        
Moderator & Session Leader 

Carl&nbspTannenbaum, Vice President, Risk Management, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 




                                    
3:00 PM                                


Adjournment 
                                        




 


 

 

 
 








Event Information



Date

04/14/09

 - 04/15/09
                        
Location
Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago
230 S. LaSalle St.
Chicago, IL 60604
Event Contact


                                Shirley Brown

                                (312) 322-6160
Email

Map







 









 
 




Banking
Research
Markets
Publications
Events
Education
Region
People




About Us
Contact Us
Newsroom
Museum
Careers
Subscribe



Follow Us


























The Fed Apps















 





Banking
Research
Markets
Publications
Events
Education
Region
People




About Us
Contact Us
Newsroom
Museum
Careers
Subscribe







Follow Us




























The Fed Apps
























 



Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, 230 South LaSalle Street, Chicago, Illinois 60604-1413, USA. Tel. (312) 322-5322
Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved.
Please review our Privacy Policy | Legal Notices


























Van Solkema Produce (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Van Solkema Produce, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Van Solkema Produce

Van Solkema Produce imports from Miranda Internacional S.a.c in Colombia through the port of Savannah, Georgia        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Van Solkema Produce and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 DELL PRODUCTS
 BOEING SUPPORT SERVICES
 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
 FAMILY DOLLAR STORES,INC.
 CABELA-S HONG KONG LIMITED
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Van Solkema Produce
Van Solkema Produce imports from Miranda Internacional S.a.c in Colombia through the port of Savannah, Georgia


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



MIRANDA INTERNACIONAL S.A.C
CALLE ELIAS AGUIRRE 715, CONTACTO: ALAN MIRANDA EMAIL: TELEFONO: 056-77183 PE


VAN SOLKEMA PRODUCE
120 GA. HWY.196 GLENNVILLE, GA 27 PHONE:912-654-0523 DANIEL PEACOCK: GA 31401 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



JOHN S. JAMESCO.
6002 COMMERCE BLVD, SUITE SAVA ALL CONTACTS 1:FRAN LAMURAGLIA CONTACT 2: ROGER SM GA 31401 US



NO MARKS
)
: (912) 232-0211
NO MARKS
)
: (912) 232-0211





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number






SUDU5134819
SUDU5134819


Product Description




1358 BAGS OF FRESH SWEET YELLOW              ONIONS                                       (1358 SACOS DE CEBOLLA AMARILLA              DULCE FRESCA)                                P.A: 0703.10.00.00                           VENTILATION: 15 CBM                          HUMIDITY: 65%

FREIGHT COLLECT                    
1358 BAGS OF FRESH SWEET YELLOW              ONIONS                                       (1358 SACOS DE CEBOLLA AMARILLA              DULCE FRESCA)                                P.A: 0703.10.00.00                           VENTILATION: 15 CBM                          HUMIDITY: 65%

FREIGHT COLLECT                              (                                            FAX: 912-526-3705                            (                                            PHONE                                        FAX: (912) 233-2150

View more








Bill of LadingSUDUB53654457008Arrival Date2015-09-04Weight (LB)60,060Weight (KG)27,300UnitsCMQuantity1358 BAGContainer Count1Voyage No.069EPort of LoadingCARTAGENAPort of DischargeSAVANNAH, GEORGIAVessel NameCOLUMBIACarrier CodeSUDUCountry Of OriginColombiaPlace Of ReceiptCALLAO PERU 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Van Solkema Produce. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Van Solkema Produce has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Van Solkema Produce







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Van Solkema Produce
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Hawaii Dive Imports                                



                                    Magdalena Felicien                                



                                    Horeko Trading Co.,ltd                                



                                    No.48 Xihong Road,meicun Industrial                                



                                    Yami Group Ltd                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2828
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















