    Jacob Van Naarden | Loxo Oncology, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com    Jacob Van Naarden | Loxo Oncology, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 


Jacob van Ruisdael View of Naarden painting anysize 50% offJacob van Ruisdael - Jacob van Ruisdael View of Naarden PaintingWe offer 100% handmade reproduction of View of Naarden painting for sale.Name:View of NaardenItem:r175632 reviewsprice: 191.37Add To CartSelect size of Jacob van Ruisdael View of Naarden Painting.Width: in. x Height: in.  Product ReminderShipping FeeCustomer Reviews  Beautiful, original hand-painted View of Naarden in your home, painting based on the master's works of Jacob van Ruisdael.  This Jacob van Ruisdael View of Naarden painting needs about 14 - 16days for production by a talented artist,and another 3 -5 days to your hand. If you need an urgent shipment, please browse [Paintings In Stock].View of Naarden by Jacob van Ruisdael 5.0(based on 2 reviews)  Read more reviewsPosted on: 2017-7-18 5nice item arrived fast and securely - many thx; yr feedback would be welcomeby Customer h0undw0manPosted on: 2017-6-11 5Great item , excellent service ,thank you. Strong recommendation.by Customer puccinitictocJacob van Ruisdael View of Naarden shipped worldwide; the shipping fee is $15.00 dolalr, but it is free if order more than View of Naarden at a time.This Jacob van Ruisdael View of Naarden artwork is hand painted on canvas. We offer original oil painting, stretched canvas and framed art, but we do not offer serigraph,poster,print,lithograph and giclee.Choose frame (stretcher bars):StretchedTick the checkbox "Stretched" if you like to buy your painting gallery wrapped on wooden bars, full ready to hang ! FramedTick the checkbox "Framed" if you like to buy your painting framed, full ready to hang !Our Old Price:  382.74 Our New Price: 191.37 Facebook Comments:Other Jacob van Ruisdael paintings Oil Painting Home shop by subjectlandscapeabstractvillagetangosee more... Group art designlandscapeflowerabstractsee more... shop by artistclaude monetVincent van GoghRembrandt PaintingsGustav klimt paintingsThomas ColeAlbert BierstadtLeroy Neiman paintingsFrank Dicksee PaintingsHenri Rousseau paintingsThomas Kinkade paintingsFabian Perez paintingsWilliam Bouguereaupainting framesAndrew AtroshenkoTamara de LempickaMarc Chagall PaintingsPino PaintingsEdward Hopper PaintingsThomas MoranVladimir Volegov paintingsVladimir Kushsee more artistsnew paintingsIn Stock Catalogtop sellingThe Great Oak by Jacob van RuisdaelWheat Fields by Jacob van RuisdaelView of Haarlem with Bleaching Grounds by Jacob van RuisdaelMill at Wijk near Duursteede by Jacob van RuisdaelVillage at Winter at Moonlight by Jacob van Ruisdaelmoney back guarantee!Handmade Oil Paintings for sale, you can own.helpContactPolicyIn stock CatalogTestimonialsframe©2005-2017 PaintingHere.org All Right reserved.cartmy accountfeedbackFAQby subjectby artist










Jacob Vannaarden | Loxo Oncology, Inc | Email, Chief Business Officer, @loxooncology.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Jacob Van Naarden

 Loxo Oncology, Inc  Chief Business Officer


Updated On : 
                    Jun 22, 2017                            

export

















281 Tresser Blvd,

Stamford, CT 06901


Email format for @loxooncology.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
20 - 49

Revenue:  
2.5 - 5 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare                    
SIC Code:  
                         2836  - Biological Products, Except Diagnostic








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    A Chief Business Officer at Loxo Oncology, Inc based in Stamford, CT, Jacob Van Naarden has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Loxo Oncology, Inc in our Biotech/healthcare category. The company CEO is Josh Bilenker. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Jacob Van Naarden' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Jacob Van Naarden.  Some possible email formats for Jacob Van Naarden are JVan Naarden@loxooncology.com, Jacob.Van Naarden@loxooncology.com, Jacob@loxooncology.com, and Jacob_Van Naarden@loxooncology.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@loxooncology.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Jacob Vaakil - Executive
EGL Properties Management's manager is Jacob Vaakil. They are based in Los Angeles, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Real estate industry. Jacob Vaakil's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other EGL Properties Management contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @eglproperties.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Jacob Vaakil are JVaakil@eglproperties.com, Jacob.Vaakil@eglproperties.com, Jacob@eglproperties.com, and Jacob_Vaakil@eglproperties.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@eglproperties.com addresses.
Jacob Vaakil - Other
Need to know Jacob Vaakil's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on EGL Properties Management's Lead411 profile.  Jacob Vaakil is the SUPERVISOR for EGL Properties Management, an organization which has its base in Los Angeles, CA.  One can also find EGL Properties Management email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @eglproperties.com url.  Real estate is EGL Properties Management's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Jacob Vaakil are JVaakil@eglproperties.com, Jacob.Vaakil@eglproperties.com, Jacob@eglproperties.com, and Jacob_Vaakil@eglproperties.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@eglproperties.com addresses.
Jacob Vacanti - Other
First National Bank's Corporate Treasury Services is where Jacob Vacanti is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Omaha, NE, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Banks industry. Jacob Vacanti's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other First National Bank email addresses on Lead411 with the @firstnational.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Jacob Vacanti are JVacanti@firstnational.com, Jacob.Vacanti@firstnational.com, Jacob@firstnational.com, and Jacob_Vacanti@firstnational.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@firstnational.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Nisha Nanda - Executive
A VP Development Strategy at Loxo Oncology, Inc based in Stamford, CT, Nisha Nanda has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Loxo Oncology, Inc in our Biotech/healthcare category. The company CEO is Josh Bilenker. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Nisha Nanda' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Nisha Nanda.  Some possible email formats for Nisha Nanda are NNanda@loxooncology.com, Nisha.Nanda@loxooncology.com, Nisha@loxooncology.com, and Nisha_Nanda@loxooncology.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@loxooncology.com addresses.
Sara Slifka - Operations
Their Sara Slifka VP, Business Operations & Program Management is Sara Slifka. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Biotech/healthcare industry. If you're checking for Loxo Oncology, Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @loxooncology.com email addresses and possibly Sara Slifka's email. Loxo Oncology, Inc is based in Stamford, CT. You can also get Sara Slifka's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Biotech/healthcare category.  Some possible email formats for Sara Slifka are SSlifka@loxooncology.com, Sara.Slifka@loxooncology.com, Sara@loxooncology.com, and Sara_Slifka@loxooncology.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@loxooncology.com addresses.
Todd Eary - Executive
Located in Stamford, CT Loxo Oncology, Inc has Todd Eary serving as the organization's Senior Director, CMC. Need Todd Eary's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Loxo Oncology, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their Loxo Oncology, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for Loxo Oncology, Inc on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare industry.  Some possible email formats for Todd Eary are TEary@loxooncology.com, Todd.Eary@loxooncology.com, Todd@loxooncology.com, and Todd_Eary@loxooncology.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@loxooncology.com addresses.

People Directory > Jacob Van Naarden






















Management Team | Loxo Oncology















About Us
Management Team






Management Team





Patients are at the heart of everything we do at Loxo Oncology, and we continue to be motivated by one goal: to dramatically improve the lives of people living with cancer by developing medicines against genetically defined targets driving cancer growth. Though drug development can be risky and complicated, we work hard to navigate through these complexities for the benefit of patients.









Joshua H. Bilenker, M.D.
Chief Executive Officer







Jacob S. Van Naarden
Chief Business Officer







Jennifer Burstein, C.P.A.
VP of Finance







Nisha Nanda, Ph.D.
Senior VP, Development Strategy







Sara Slifka
VP, Business Operations & Program Management







Michael Rothenberg, M.D., Ph.D.
VP, Research and Development







Nora Ku, M.D.
Senior Medical Director







Deborah Morosini, M.D., M.S.W.
VP, Clinical Affairs and Patient Engagement







Katie Cairati
Executive Director, Regulatory Affairs







Michael Cox, Pharm.D.
Senior Director, Clinical Development and Medical Affairs







Brian Tuch, Ph.D.
Senior Director, Translational Medicine




Dr. Joshua H. Bilenker, M.D., founder of Loxo Oncology, serves as President and Chief Executive Officer, and sits on the board of directors.
Previously, Dr. Bilenker was a Partner at Aisling Capital, a multi-strategy healthcare investment firm based in NY, where he remains an Operating Partner.
From 2004-2006, Dr. Bilenker was a Medical Officer at the U.S. FDA in the Office of Oncology.
Dr. Bilenker trained at the University of Pennsylvania in internal medicine and medical oncology, earning board certification in these specialties. He received his M.D. from The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and his A.B. degree from Princeton University.

Jacob S. Van Naarden serves as Chief Business Officer. In his previous roles, Mr. Van Naarden served in various biotechnology investing, operating, and advisory capacities.
Previously, Mr. Van Naarden served as a public equity biotechnology analyst at HealthCor Management, a multi-billion dollar healthcare-dedicated investment firm based in NYC. Prior to HealthCor, Mr. Van Naarden was an Associate at Aisling Capital, a multi-strategy healthcare investment firm based in NY. Mr. Van Naarden started his career in the Healthcare Group of the Investment Banking Division at Goldman Sachs.
Mr. Van Naarden received his A.B. degree in molecular biology from Princeton University, graduating magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa.

Jennifer Burstein, C.P.A., serves as VP of Finance.
Prior to Loxo Oncology, Ms. Burstein served as Vice President of Finance at Acorda Therapeutics, Inc., a public biotechnology company, from July 2010 until April 2015, where she held several positions of increasing responsibility in Finance from 2006 until being appointed Vice President of Finance.
Prior to joining Acorda, from 2002 to 2006, she was with Eyetech Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a public biotechnology company, which is currently a subsidiary of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc., where she held several positions of increasing responsibility in Finance until being promoted to Senior Director, Accounting. Before Eyetech, Ms. Burstein worked in the Finance departments at several companies and in public accounting.
Ms. Burstein received her B.S. in Business Administration and M.B.A. in Accounting from the State University of New York at Buffalo and has a CPA license in New York.

Dr. Nanda serves as Senior Vice President of Development Strategy. Dr. Nanda has had increasing roles of responsibility in both clinical and pre-clinical development. Most recently Dr. Nanda worked on the clinical development of carfilzomib (Kyprolis) and the approval of omacetaxine (Synribo).
Dr. Nanda’s career in drug development has included roles at Onyx, ChemGenex, Portola, Millennium and Cor.
Dr. Nanda has a BSc Hons in Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics from UNSW, Sydney, Australia and a PhD in Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics from UNSW and the Victor Chang Cardiac Research Institute, Sydney, Australia.

Sara Slifka serves as Vice President of Business Operations and Program Management. Previously, Ms. Slifka was a Vice President in Equity Research at Morgan Stanley covering the biotech sector.
In her prior role, Ms. Slifka analyzed small and large cap biotechnology companies from a financial, clinical, regulatory and commercial perspective.
Ms. Slifka received her A.B. degree from Princeton University.

Dr. S. Michael Rothenberg, M.D., Ph.D., serves as Vice President of Research and Development.
Previously, Dr. Rothenberg was a medical oncologist and cancer researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital.
Dr. Rothenberg trained at Massachusetts General Hospital in internal medicine and at the Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center and the Dana Farber Cancer Institute in medical oncology, earning board certification in these specialties. He received his M.D. and Ph.D. degrees from the Stanford University School of Medicine, and his B.A. degree in Chemistry from Yale University.

Dr. Nora Ku, M.D., serves as a Senior Medical Director for Loxo Oncology.
Her career in academic and community practice included active involvement in clinical research as a clinical investigator.  Prior to joining Loxo Oncology Dr. Ku worked with a specialty consulting group supporting projects facilitating drug development by large and small pharmaceutical company clients.
Dr. Ku is a graduate of the UCLA School of Medicine.  She completed her residency in Internal Medicine at UT Southwestern Medical Center and returned to UCLA to complete a combined fellowship in Hematology and Oncology.  She is board certified in Internal Medicine and Medical Oncology.

Dr. Deborah Morosini, M.D., M.S.W., serves as Vice President of Clinical Affairs and Patient Engagement.
Previously, Dr. Morosini was a VP at Foundation Medicine, a cancer genomics and molecular information company in Cambridge, MA. From 2007-2012, Dr. Morosini led the molecular pathology group at AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals.
She is a seasoned patient advocate, serving on multiple national non-profit boards.
Dr. Morosini trained at Boston University School of Medicine in anatomic and clinical pathology, where she served as chief resident. She received her M.D. from Boston University School of Medicine, her Masters in Social Work from New York University and her BA in English from Mount Holyoke College.

Katie Cairati serves as Executive Director, Global Regulatory Affairs. Ms. Cairati’s career spans many aspects of drug development including regulatory affairs, clinical development, data management and manufacturing.
Previously Ms. Cairati has held increasing roles of responsibility at Genentech, Pharmacyclics and ChemGenex in addition to establishing her own consulting firm, Cairati Consulting Inc.
Ms. Cairati received her MS degree from University of California, Davis.

Dr. Michael Cox, Pharm.D., serves as Senior Director, Clinical Development and Medical Affairs. Dr Cox has been involved in the product launches and life cycle management of numerous oncology products including radium-223 (Xofigo®), regorafenib (Stivarga®), sorafenib (Nexavar®) cetuximab (Erbitux®), denosumab (XGEVA®) and darbepoetin alfa (Aranesp®).
Dr. Cox joined Loxo Oncology from Bayer Consumer Care AG, Basel, Switzerland where he served as Medical Affairs Early Pipeline Lead, Oncology for Region Europe/Canada and Emerging Markets.  Prior to Bayer, he held global medical affairs positions at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Amgen, Inc., Thousand Oaks, California.
Dr. Cox received his Pharm.D. from Ohio Northern University and a MHSc in Clinical Research from Duke Unviersity’s School of Medicine.  Dr. Cox completed pharmacy practice residencies at Mission Hospitals in Asheville, North Carolina and the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute – University of Pittsburgh Medical Cancer, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  He completed a medical oncology/clinical drug development fellowship in the Clinical Pharmacology Section, Center for Cancer Research at the National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, Maryland.  He is a Board Certified Oncology Pharmacist.

Brian Tuch serves as Senior Director of Translational Medicine, leading preclinical biomarker research and clinical diagnostic assay development.
Dr. Tuch has previously contributed to the discovery and development of drugs and diagnostic technologies at companies including Onyx, Amgen and Life Technologies. At Onyx and Amgen he built groups applying advanced genomic technologies, such as next generation sequencing (NGS), towards the discovery of biomarkers and drug targets.
Dr. Tuch received a PhD in Bioinformatics from University of California San Francisco, where he combined novel bench and computational methods to understand basic principles of gene regulation and their relevance to human disease.  Dr. Tuch received an ScB in Computational Biology with Honors from Brown University.



























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Van Naarden Jacob - Loxo Oncology Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsVan Naarden JacobLoxo Oncology (LOXO)Chief Business Officer Not RankedVan Naarden Jacob's PerformanceVan Naarden Jacob has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Van Naarden Jacob's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateLOXOLoxo OncologyChief Business Officer-Van Naarden Jacob has not reported any informative transactions for LOXO, therefore, performance cannot be measured.See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























 






Jacob Van Naarden, An Associate, Aisling Capital


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Jacob Van Naarden



An Associate
at
Aisling Capital


Location: Stamford, CT





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Jacob Van Naarden



An Associate
at
Aisling Capital


Location: Stamford, CT




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Jacob S. Van Naarden serves as VP of Corporate Development and Strategy. In his previous roles, Mr. Van Naarden served in various biotechnology investing, operating, and advisory capacities.
Previously, Mr. Van Naarden served as a public equity biotechnology analyst at HealthCor Management, a multi-billion dollar healthcare-dedicated investment firm based in NYC. Prior to HealthCor, Mr. Van Naarden was an Associate at Aisling Capital, a multi-strategy healthcare investment firm based in NY. Mr. Van Naarden started his career in the Healthcare Group of the Investment Banking Division at Goldman Sachs.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





N/A

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
Private Equity, Venture Capital, LBO, Due Diligence




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A






























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Jacob Van NaardenCareer (3)











Aisling Capital



An Associate












Loxo Oncology



VP of Corporate Development and Strategy







Jul-2006 to Jun-2008




Goldman Sachs



Member








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Jacob Van NaardenEducation










Princeton University


A.B.  Molecular Biology









 Edit



Jacob Van NaardenAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Jacob Van Naarden






 Edit



Jacob Van NaardenLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Jacob Van Naarden









Jacob Van NaardenInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Jacob Van Naarden









Jacob Van NaardenInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Jacob Van Naarden








Jacob Van NaardenRelated People







View all 
Peers







Christopher Griffith

Founder & Vice President, Corporate Development & Strategy of Dermira












View all 



Jacob Van NaardenRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies


















