
 AGI Dermatics, Robert L. Van Nostrand,  























  A publisher of Business Information since 1983    



  









 
            





Search Business
		    
				Search Executive
		    

        

  Advanced Search








 
                 




 | 
		 
						
   							Sign In
   					
			 | 
	    Hints





    







Company Name
AGI Dermatics
 
 














 Address

	        
				
						205 Buffalo Ave.		        	
				
									        	
					
							
						
	        
					
			
					
					 	
					 		Freeport,
					 		
					 
					 
					 
					
           					
           			
	    			
	    			
         					11520
         					
	    				
	    			
	    					
	    				
	    			
	    			         		
	    			
	    				
	       				 United States
						         
				



Email
  N/A
Phone
 1-516-868-9026


Website


							        www.agiderm.com
							        

Fax

							         1-516-868-9143














            Summary            
      Executive Details      
       Board Members       









Business Information
															The group�s principle activities include developing and marketing topical prescription and over-the-counter drugs, including prestige skincare ingredients and products. The group�s technology includes liposome delivery systems. The group operates from United States.   
															






                       
																Executive Information                                                                
															



																Name

																Title
															

																Email
															

Daniel YaroshChmn., Pres. N/A  Frederic CarrPres. - Remergent Brand N/A  Jonathan KleinCOO, Exec. VP N/A  Robert Van NostrandCFO, Exec. VP N/A  Adrienne O'ConnorDir. - Quality Control, Assurance N/A  

 
												



 
									Company Size
								

  Sales Range N/A    Employee Range  N/A
   

 
											
										
										  

TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW
TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW



Click for more Executives 


















       Financial Summary       
        Income Statement        
         Balance Sheet         
         Cash Flows         
          Ratios          







































                                              FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLYCLICK HERE TO
                                              
                                              SUBSCRIBE NOW































           
 
 
Home   |   About Us   |   Product Information    |   Subscription   |  List Builder    |  Executive List    |   Email Lists      |  Contact Us   |   Site Map   |  
 Browse Directory    




 

 &nbsp   ©
 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.

  





Robert Van Nostrand, Yield10 Bioscience Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Robert Van Nostrand

Consultant,
Yield10 Bioscience Inc






Career History




Consultant
Yield10 Bioscience Inc, 1/2017-PRESENT


Consultant
Metabolix Inc, UNKNOWN-1/2017


Exec VP/CFO
Aureon Laboratories Inc, 1/2010-7/2010


Exec VP/CFO
Aureon Biosciences Inc, 1/2010-7/2010


Exec VP/CFO
AGI Dermatics Inc, 7/2007-9/2008


Senior VP/Chf Compliance Ofcr
Osi Pharmaceuticals Inc, 5/2005-7/2007


VP/CFO/Treasurer
Osi Pharmaceuticals Inc, 1/2004-5/2005


VP/CFO/Treasurer/Secretary
Osi Pharmaceuticals Inc, 12/1996-1/2004


VP:Finance/Treasurer/Secy
Osi Pharmaceuticals Inc, 3/1995-12/1996


VP:Finance/Treasurer
Osi Pharmaceuticals Inc, 3/1992-3/1995


VP:Finance & Administration
Osi Pharmaceuticals Inc, 5/1990-3/1992


Chief Acctg Officer/Controller
Osi Pharmaceuticals Inc, 9/1986-5/1990


Show More









Website:
www.yield10bio.com






Corporate Information
Address:

19 Presidential Way
Woburn, MA 01801
United States


Phone:
1-617-583-1700


Fax:
1-617-583-1768


Web url:
www.yield10bio.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Long Island University/NY
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting


Wharton School of The University of Pennsylvania









Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Yield10 Bioscience Inc


Chairman, 1/2017-PRESENT




Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc


Board Member, 1/2014-PRESENT




Biomedical Research Alliance


Board Member, 2011-PRESENT




Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, 4/2007-PRESENT




Enumeral Biomedical Holdings Inc


Board Member, 12/2014-6/2017




Metabolix Inc


Chairman, 2013-1/2017




Metabolix Inc


Board Member, 10/2006-2013




Apex Bioventures Acquisition Corp


Board Member, 6/2006-2009



Show More





Other Memberships




Foundation Board of Farmingdale Univ


Board Member




New York Biotechnology Assn


Chairman




Biomedical Research Alliance of New York


Board Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Robert L. Van Nostrand - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert L. Van Nostrand
Board Member at Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Robert L. Van Nostrand? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert L. Van Nostrand's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert L. Van Nostrand's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert L. Van Nostrand's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert L. Van Nostrand through your network of contacts.
												








Robert L. Van Nostrand's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Board Member, 
Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc.


Board Member, 
Enumeral Biomedical Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view Robert L. Van Nostrand's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


Robert L. Van Nostrand's Biography



Robert L. Van Nostrand has served on our board of directors since January 2014. Mr. Van Nostrand has been a self-employed advisor and investor since 2010, as well as a member of various public and private company boards of directors. Mr. Van Nostrand was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Aureon Biosciences, Inc., a private pathology life science company, from January 2010 to July 2010. Prior to joining Aureon Biosciences, Mr. Van Nostrand served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of AGI Dermatics, Inc., a private biotechnology company, from July 2007 to September 2008 when the company was acquired. F ...
(Read More)

			Robert L. Van Nostrand has served on our board of directors since January 2014. Mr. Van Nostrand has been a self-employed advisor and investor since 2010, as well as a member of various public and private company boards of directors. Mr. Van Nostrand was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Aureon Biosciences, Inc., a private pathology life science company, from January 2010 to July 2010. Prior to joining Aureon Biosciences, Mr. Van Nostrand served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of AGI Dermatics, Inc., a private biotechnology company, from July 2007 to September 2008 when the company was acquired. From May 2005 to July 2007, Mr. Van Nostrand served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc., then a publicly-traded biotechnology company, where he previously served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from December 1996 through May 2005 and as Vice President, Finance and Administration prior to that. He also served as OSI's Treasurer from March 1992 to May 2005 and Secretary from March 1995 to January 2004. Mr. Van Nostrand joined OSI as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in September 1986. Prior to joining OSI, Mr. Van Nostrand served in a managerial position with the accounting firm, Touche Ross & Co., currently Deloitte. Mr. Van Nostrand serves as chairman of the board of directors of Yield10 Bioscience, Inc., a publicly-traded agricultural bioscience company, as well as chairman of its audit committee and a member of its compensation committee. Mr. Van Nostrand also serves on the board of directors of Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly-traded biotechnology company, where he serves as chairman of the audit committee and a member of the compensation committee. He also serves on the board of directors of Enumeral Biomedical Holdings, Inc., a publicly-traded biotechnology company, where he serves as lead outside director and a member of the audit committee and compensation committee. He also serves on the board of directors of the Biomedical Research Alliance of New York, a private company providing clinical trial services. Mr. Van Nostrand is the former chairman of, and serves on, the board of the New York Biotechnology Association and serves on the Foundation Board of Farmingdale University. Previously, Mr. Van Nostrand served on the board of directors of Apex Bioventures, Inc., a special purpose acquisition company focused on life sciences. Mr. Van Nostrand holds a B.S. in Accounting from Long Island University, New York. He is a Certified Public Accountant. 
We believe that Mr. Van Nostrand possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors, including his many years of experience in the life sciences industry, as well as his expertise in financial operations, transaction structuring and risk management.
		
Source: Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. on 04/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert L. Van Nostrand's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert L. Van Nostrand. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert L. Van Nostrand's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert L. Van Nostrand's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert L. Van Nostrand through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert L. Van Nostrand


















Robert L. Van Nostrand's Connections (93)





Sign up now to view Robert L. Van Nostrand's 93 connections »









Christopher D. Alafi
Board Member, Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc.









Robert A. Ingram
Board Member, Cree, Inc.









Gabriel S. Leung
Vice Chairman of the Board, NovoCure Limited









David R. Guyer
Executive Chairman, Ophthotech Corporation









Colin Goddard
Former Chief Executive Officer, OSI Pharmaceuticals









Joel S. Marcus
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Founder, Alexandria Real Estate Equities









Anker Lundemose
Former Chief Executive Officer, Bionor Pharma ASA









Barbara H. Wells
Former Board Member, Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.









Stephen J. Large
Former Group President, General Manager, Full-Valu/Specialty, H.B. Fuller









Oliver P. Peoples
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	Robert L Van Nostrand Joins AGI Dermatics as Chief Financial Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Robert L. Van Nostrand Joins AGI Dermatics as Chief Financial Officer  











Tweet








8/1/2007 8:45:22 AM



    FREEPORT, N.Y., Aug. 1 /PRNewswire/ -- AGI Dermatics (AGI), the pioneer in DNA science for skin, announced today that Robert L. Van Nostrand has agreed to join its management team as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
    "Bob brings invaluable experience in corporate financing and in building a biotech company into a top tier performer," said Daniel B. Yarosh, Ph.D., AGI Dermatics CEO and Chairman.  "We look forward to his leadership in executing our business strategies to grow AGI Dermatics into a preeminent dermatology company."
    Mr. Van Nostrand was most recently the Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of OSI Pharmaceuticals .  Bob served for over ten years as its Chief Financial Officer during his tenure at OSI while playing an integral role in raising over $1.4 billion in capital.
    "AGI Dermatics is a company that I believe possesses the essential elements of well-respected science and a compelling marketing position which can lead to success," said Mr. Van Nostrand.  "As the company continues to move to its next phase of becoming a premier dermatology company, I am looking forward to working with Dan and the management team in fulfilling this goal."
    Mr. Van Nostrand serves on the public company boards of Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Apex Bioventures, Inc., and Metabolix, Inc.  Mr. Van Nostrand will continue his service as Chairman of the New York Biotechnology Association.  He also sits on the boards of the Cold Spring Harbor DNA Learning Center and the Foundation Board of Farmingdale College.
    AGI Dermatics is the bio-pharmaceutical laboratory that has led the research of DNA repair of the skin for more than 20 years.  Founded by Daniel B. Yarosh, PhD, AGI Dermatics specializes in skin photobiology, dedicating research and development to DNA repair, solar impact on the immune system, and cell-signaling in skin.  The company's brand, Remergent, advances the link between science and beauty with products targeting long-term gain through prevention, repair, and restoration.  The company's application of groundbreaking active ingredients and meticulously engineered liposome delivery systems is validated in controlled clinical studies and published in dozens of peer-reviewed scientific and medical journals. www.agiderm.com
AGI Dermatics

CONTACT:  Liz Mefford, liz.mefford@rprny.com, Courtney McGeever,courtney.mcgeever@rprny.com, both of Rpr Marketing Communications,+1-212-317-1462 


Web site:  http://www.agiderm.com//








                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
AGI Dermatics Presents Comparative Data That Indicates OCTN-1 Skin Cells Have the Ability to Recognize, Transport and Utilize L-ergothioneine (EGT) As A Protector Against Oxidative Damage  Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) to Cut 3-4% of Work Force in Restructuring  AGI Dermatics Presents Comparative Data Of 4% Hydroquinone Products On Melanocyte Morphology  ALZA Corporation (JNJ) to Cut 600 Jobs, Exit Mountain View HQ  AGI Dermatics Presents Clinical Findings That Reveal Additional DNA Repair Benefits Of The T4 Endonuclease V (T4N5) Enzyme  400 Jobs Created by Biotech Research Giant PPD, Inc. (PPDI)  AGI Dermatics Presents Comparative Data That Indicates L-ergothioneine (EGT) Reduces UVA340-Induced Hydrogen Peroxide More Efficiently Than Idebenone  AstraZeneca PLC (AZN) (Jobs) Ups Job Cuts to 7,600 in Savings Drive  AGI Dermatics Raises $5.5 Million In Series A Financing  Aspreva Pharmaceuticals Corporation (ASPV) Cuts 33 Jobs in Restructuring  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            AGI Dermatics




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































Metabolix Names Two New Directors (NASDAQ:YTEN)









 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














December 7, 2006

Metabolix Names Two New Directors
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Dec 07, 2006 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Metabolix, Inc. (NASDAQ: MBLX), a company developing and commercializing environmentally sustainable and totally biodegradable Natural Plastic, announced today that the Company has named Matthew Strobeck, Ph.D. and Robert L. Van Nostrand to its Board of Directors. Matthew Strobeck, Ph.D., is a senior investment analyst at Westfield Capital Management, specializing in healthcare and life sciences. Dr. Strobeck previously served as a consultant to the senior economic advisor to the commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Prior to his work with the FDA, Dr. Strobeck was a fellow in the Department of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Dr. Strobeck received his B.S. from St. Lawrence University, a Ph.D. from the University of Cincinnati, a S.M. from Harvard University and a S.M. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management. "Dr. Strobeck's insights as a professional life science investor will be extremely valuable in helping Metabolix strategically manage our technology portfolio to best realize the economic potential of our scientific opportunities," said Jim Barber, president and CEO of Metabolix. Robert L. Van Nostrand is the Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics for cancer, eye disease and diabetes. Mr. Van Nostrand has been with OSI for almost twenty years, previously serving as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1996 through 2005. Mr. Van Nostrand also served as Vice President, Finance and Administration and OSI's Treasurer and Secretary, and prior to that, as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining OSI, Mr. Van Nostrand was in a managerial position with Touche Ross & Co. (currently Deloitte and Touche). Mr. Van Nostrand serves on the board of directors of Apex Bioventures, Inc., a special purpose acquisition company focused in life sciences, and upon Apex's initial public offering, Mr. Van Nostrand will serve as Chairman of its audit committee. Mr. Van Nostrand received a B.S. in Accounting from Long Island University, New York, and completed advanced management studies at the Wharton School. Mr. Van Nostrand is a Certified Public Accountant. "Given the depth of his experience and expertise, we are very fortunate to have Robert assuming the leadership of our audit committee as we establish ourselves as a newly public company and pursue implementing very best practice in our financial reporting and corporate compliance," continued Barber. Dr. Strobeck will serve as a member of the compensation committee and Mr. Van Nostrand will serve as a chairman of the audit committee. Metabolix Natural Plastic can be used as alternatives to petrochemical plastics in a wide variety of applications, including coated paper, film or bags, and thermoformed and molded goods. They are produced using a fully biological fermentation process that converts agricultural raw materials such as corn sugar into a versatile range of plastics with excellent durability in use but that also biodegrade benignly in a wide range of environments, including marine and wetlands. The company was awarded the Presidential Green Chemistry Award by the U.S. EPA in 2005 for its pathbreaking production technology. In March 2006, Archer Daniels Midland Company and Metabolix announced plans to build a 110 million pound commercial plant for its Natural Plastic in Clinton, Iowa, with start-up targeted in 2008. The company is currently in pilot production, developing applications with selected customers. About Metabolix Founded in 1992, Metabolix, Inc. is developing and commercializing environmentally sustainable and totally biodegradable Natural Plastic as a clean alternative to petroleum-based plastics. The Company is taking a systems approach, from gene to end product, to integrate sophisticated biotechnology with current industrial practice to produce plastics, fuels and chemicals from renewable resources. In addition to its microbial fermentation platform for production of Natural Plastic, Metabolix is also developing a proprietary platform technology for co-producing, in non-food plant crops such as switchgrass, Natural Plastic and biomass for biofuels such as ethanol and for chemical products. For more information, please visit www.metabolix.com. (MBLX-G) SOURCE: Metabolix, Inc. Integrated Corporate Relations for Metabolix
Jackie Kolek, 203-682-8200
Jackie.kolek@icrinc.com
Copyright Business Wire 2006 News Provided by COMTEX

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.








 


Achillion Appoints OSI Executive Robert Van Nostrand to Board of Directors (NASDAQ:ACHN)
























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





May 15, 2007



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF


Achillion Appoints OSI Executive Robert Van Nostrand to Board of Directors
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 15, 2007 (PrimeNewswire via COMTEX News Network) -- Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:ACHN), a leader in the discovery and development of small molecule drugs to combat the most challenging infectious diseases, today announced the appointment of Robert L. Van Nostrand to its Board of Directors. Mr. Van Nostrand, who is Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc., brings extensive experience in corporate accounting, finance and compliance, and will serve on Achillion's audit committee. Since joining OSI in 1986, Mr. Van Nostrand has served in a number of capacities, including: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Vice President, Finance and Administration; Treasurer; Secretary; and Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining OSI, he served as a manager at the accounting firm Touche Ross & Company, now Deloitte and Touche. "Bob's prior experience in public company administration within the pharmaceutical industry makes him a valuable addition to Achillion's board," said Michael Kishbauch, President and Chief Executive Officer of Achillion. "Now that we are a public company, it is particularly important for us to have someone with his corporate governance expertise on our audit committee." Mr. Van Nostrand serves as the Chairman of the New York Biotechnology Association, and is also on the Cold Spring Harbor DNA Learning Center Corporate Advisory Board and the Foundation Board of Farmingdale University. Additionally, he is an active member of the Association of Bioscience Financial Officers. Mr. Van Nostrand holds a B.S. in Accounting from Long Island University, and he completed advanced management studies at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a Certified Public Accountant. About Achillion Achillion is an innovative pharmaceutical company dedicated to bringing important new treatments to patients with infectious disease. The company's proven discovery and development teams have advanced multiple product candidates with novel mechanisms of action. Achillion is focused on solutions for the most challenging problems in infectious disease -- HIV, hepatitis and resistant bacterial infections. For more information on Achillion Pharmaceuticals, please visit the company's web site at www.achillion.com or call Achillion at 1-203-624-7000. This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including statements with respect to Achillion's ability to discover and develop drug candidates and the nomination of a new NS4A antagonist candidate. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements are: unexpected regulatory actions or delays; uncertainties relating to results of clinical trials, including additional data relating to ongoing clinical trials; Achillion's ability to obtain additional funding required to conduct its research, development and commercialization activities and Achillion's dependence on its collaboration with Gilead Sciences. These and other risks are described in the reports filed by Achillion with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. All forward-looking statements reflect Achillion's expectations only as of the date of this release and should not be relied upon as reflecting Achillion's views, expectations or beliefs at any date subsequent to the date of this release. Achillion anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause these views, expectations and beliefs to change. However, while Achillion may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, it specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. ACHN-G This news release was distributed by PrimeNewswire, www.primenewswire.com SOURCE: Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
          Mary Kay Fenton
          (203) 624-7000
          mfenton@achillion.com

          MacDougall Biomedical Communications, Inc.
          Media:
          Kari Watson
          (508) 647-0209
(C) Copyright 2007 PrimeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved. News Provided by COMTEX








 










 





ITCI Robert L. van Nostrand Insider Trades for Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ITCI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


ITCI

/quotes/zigman/28679284/composite


$
12.58




Change

-0.0025
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 33,984
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/28679284/composite
Previous close

$
			12.87
		


$
				12.58
			
Change

-0.29
-2.25%





Day low
Day high
$12.53
$13.27










52 week low
52 week high

            $7.85
        

            $45.20
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Robert L. van Nostrand



Mr. Robert L. van Nostrand, CPA, is Independent Director at Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc., Independent Director at Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chairman at Metabolix, Inc. and a Member at Association of Biofinance Officers. He is on the Board of Directors at Enumeral Biomedical Holdings, Inc., Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc., ITI, Inc. /New York/, Brany LLC, Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Farmingdale College Foundation and New York Biotechnology Association. 
Mr. van Nostrand was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by Aureon Laboratories, Inc., Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by Applied Genetics, Inc. Dermatics, and Chief Compliance Officer & Senior Vice President by OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He also served on the board at Apex Bioventures Acquisition Corp. and Apex Bioventures LLC. 
He received his undergraduate degree from Long Island University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/30/2017
402


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/31/2017
307


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/30/2016
331


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/30/2016
328


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/30/2016
128


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/31/2016
134


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/31/2015
69


 
Award at $53.79 per share.


3,711


09/30/2015
93


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/30/2015
117


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/31/2015
157


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/31/2014
212


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/30/2014
273


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/30/2014
444


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Sharon  Mates 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Lawrence J. Hineline 
CFO, Treasurer & Vice President-Finance




Dr. Robert E. Davis 
Chief Scientific Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Cedric  O'Gorman 
Vice President-Medical Affairs




Dr. Kimberly E. Vanover 
Vice President-Clinical Development




Dr. Ashish  Dugar 
Vice President-Commercial Development




Dr. Allen A. Fienberg 
Vice President-Business Development




Dr. Lawrence P. Wennogle 
Vice President-Drug Discovery




Dr. John  Sanchez 
VP-Corporate Communications & Investor Relations




Mr. Michael  Halstead 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Robert L. van Nostrand 
Independent Director




Dr. Richard Alan  Lerner 
Independent Director




Mr. Rory B. Riggs 
Independent Director




Dr. Chris D. Alafi 
Independent Director




Mr. Joel S. Marcus 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:03 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
12:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:49aHow OPEC committee’s coming meeting could make or break oil prices
11:15aA grandfather’s financial advice to his grandchildren
10:39aWhy one analyst calls this the ‘chart of the week, month and potentially year’
10:07aThe cracked benchmark? Why some investors want a new standard for bonds
10:05a7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































































Van Nostrand's standard catalog of shells: Robert J. L Wagner: Amazon.com: Books







 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks





























































































Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 



























Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest



Link copied!

































Buy Used




$7.89










+ $3.99 shipping



 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    

Used: 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    

Good
		

 | 

				Details
			



		Sold by
		
			
			
				dreamalotbooks2





Condition:
      Used: Good
    



Comment: Edition: 2nd; some creasing and wear, good binding, some discoloration from age
              





Add to Cart




Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser











            See All Buying Options
        





                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      



















Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        





























Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more










See this image












Van Nostrand's standard catalog of shells
Unknown Binding

– 1967



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			
Robert J. L Wagner

(Author)








Be the first to review this item
















See all 4 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            















Paperback




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             






                            —
                        


$5.25



















Unknown Binding




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             






                            —
                        


$4.50















Paperback 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from $5.25
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          2 Used from $5.25
        
      

































See the Best Books of 2017 So Far
  
Looking for something great to read? Browse our editors' picks for the best books of the year so far in fiction, nonfiction, mysteries, children's books, and much more.
  
  
    













See all buying options










        Van Nostrand's standard catalog of shells
    





        
            
                        
        
        Available from these sellers.
    
























 click to open popover 










Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback





















NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE













      Tell the Publisher!
    

I'd like to read this book on Kindle

    Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.
    










Book AwardsBrowse award-winning titles.  

See more









Product details


Unknown Binding: 303 pages
Publisher: Van Nostrand; 2nd edition (1967)
Language: English
ASIN: B0006BQOM6
Average Customer Review: Be the first to review this item

Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 

































#8,679,270 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 






If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?


















Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback











Customer reviewsThere are no customer reviews yet.5 star0%4 star0%3 star0%2 star0%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer review



















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















