    Frank Van Veenendaal | Salesforce.Com Inc | ZoomInfo.com    Frank Van Veenendaal | Salesforce.Com Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 











Frank van Veenendaal - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Frank van Veenendaal
Board Member at Coupa Software Incorporated


View Full Profile
Are you Frank van Veenendaal? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank van Veenendaal's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank van Veenendaal's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank van Veenendaal's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank van Veenendaal through your network of contacts.
												








Frank van Veenendaal's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice Chairman, 
Salesforce


Board Member, 
Coupa Software Incorporated


Past
To view Frank van Veenendaal's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute


Age
57

 
 


Frank van Veenendaal's Biography



Frank van Veenendaal has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2015. Since February 2015, Mr. van Veenendaal has served as a member of the board of directors of Vlocity, Inc. From February 2012 to February 2015, Mr. van Veenendaal served as Vice Chairman of Salesforce.com, Inc. From February 2007 to February 2012, Mr. van Veenendaal served as Chief Sales Officer and President, Worldwide Sales at Salesforce.com, Inc. Mr. van Veenendaal has served on the board of directors of New Voice Media, Inc. since May 2015. We believe Mr. van Veenendaal should serve as a director based on his extensive experience in general managemen ...
(Read More)

			Frank van Veenendaal has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2015. Since February 2015, Mr. van Veenendaal has served as a member of the board of directors of Vlocity, Inc. From February 2012 to February 2015, Mr. van Veenendaal served as Vice Chairman of Salesforce.com, Inc. From February 2007 to February 2012, Mr. van Veenendaal served as Chief Sales Officer and President, Worldwide Sales at Salesforce.com, Inc. Mr. van Veenendaal has served on the board of directors of New Voice Media, Inc. since May 2015. We believe Mr. van Veenendaal should serve as a director based on his extensive experience in general management and software and platform development and his experience in the software industry.
		
Source: Coupa Software Incorporated on 10/06/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank van Veenendaal's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Frank van Veenendaal. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank van Veenendaal's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank van Veenendaal's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank van Veenendaal through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Frank van Veenendaal


















Frank van Veenendaal's Connections (57)





Sign up now to view Frank van Veenendaal's 57 connections »









Susan D. Wojcicki
Board Member, Salesforce









Sanford R. Robertson
Board Member, Pain Therapeutics, Inc.









Colin L. Powell
Board Member, Salesforce









Lynn M. Vojvodich
Board Member, Ford Motor Company









Lawrence Tomlinson
Former Board Member, Salesforce









Alan G. Hassenfeld
Board Member, Salesforce









Keith Block
Chief Operating Officer, Vice Chairman and President, Salesforce









Polly A. Sumner
Chief Adoption Officer, Salesforce









Robin L. Washington
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gilead Sciences Inc.









Alexandre Dayon
President, Products and Chief Product Officer, Salesforce








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Salesforce.com Announces Promotion of Frank van Veenendaal to President, Worldwide Corporate Sales and Service - salesforce.com 









































Products







Products Overview
Pricing
Mobile Apps
AppExchange
Small Business Solutions
 

See the future of Salesforce.
The world’s #1 CRM solution is now powered by Lightning.

Learn how ›
 









SALES
Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM
SalesforceIQ CRM The smart, simple CRM to grow your business
Salesforce Quote-to-Cash  Configure, price, quote (CPQ) and billing automation
Data.com B2B prospecting and data cleaning





SERVICE
Service Cloud Fully customizable support and help desk
Desk.com All-in-one customer support for small businesses





MARKETING
Marketing Cloud Digital marketing platform
Pardot B2B marketing automation








COMMUNITY
Community Cloud Connect customers, partners, and employees
Chatter Enterprise social network





ANALYTICS
Wave Analytics Business analytics on any data, any device
Wave AppsApps that drive sales insight and customer delight





PLATFORM AND APPS
App CloudThe #1 Platform as a service
Force.com Lightning apps for everyone
Heroku EnterpriseScalable apps for developers







INTRODUCING IoT Cloud
Connect all your data and devices from the Internet of Things.See a preview ›












Community








Customer Community




Developer Community




Partner Community




AppExchange Marketplace










Industries








Overview




Financial Services




Healthcare & Life Sciences




Communications




Retail




Media




Government




Manufacturing




Automotive




Higher Ed




Nonprofit










Services








Premier Success Plans




Plan Add-Ons




Training




Certification










Customers








Customer Success Stories










Events








Overview




Dreamforce




Developer Events




Webinars




Salesforce LIVE










About Us








Overview




Recognition




Analyst Reports




Blog




Careers




Leadership




Newsroom




Investor Information




Global Offices




Salesforce.org




Ventures




Sustainability




Trust




Public Policy




Legal Information











 

Press and News


Press Releases













Share/tag this page




					Twitter
				




					Facebook
				




					Digg
				




					del.icio.us
				




					E-mail this story
				




					Print this story
				





Salesforce.com Announces Promotion of Frank van Veenendaal to President, Worldwide Corporate Sales and Service
Key driver in market critical to salesforce.com's customer success
SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. — February 1, 2007 — Salesforce.com [NYSE: CRM], the market and technology leader in on-demand business services, today announced that effective immediately, Frank van Veenendaal, 47, has been promoted to the position of President, Worldwide Corporate Sales and Services."A major pillar of salesforce.com's success has been our rapid and continuing growth in small and medium-sized accounts. Frank van Veenendaal's leadership has been the driving force behind that amazing record," said Marc Benioff, Chairman and CEO, salesforce.com. "Frank epitomizes the vision, strength, and tenacity that will enable salesforce.com to set its sights on one billion dollars and beyond in annual revenue.Joining van Veenendaal in reporting directly to Benioff are, in alphabetical order: Steve Cakebread, Chief Financial Officer; John Freeland, President, Worldwide Operations; Parker Harris, EVP, Technology; George Hu, Chief Marketing Officer; Ken Juster, EVP, Law, Policy, and Corporate Strategy; and Jim Steele, President, Worldwide Sales & Distribution.Van Veenendaal signed on with salesforce.com in 2001 as Senior Vice President, North America Sales. Prior to joining salesforce.com, van Veenendaal was the Senior Vice President of sales for Actuate, and held various positions at Interleaf, Integrated Solutions, and Pyramid.Van Veenendaal is married and lives in Woodside, California with his wife Leslie and their two children. A native of the Netherlands, van Veenendaal was raised in Brazil and has a black belt in karate.
  About Salesforce Salesforce, the global CRM leader, empowers companies to connect with  their customers in a whole new way. For more information about  Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), visit: www.salesforce.com.
Any unreleased services or features referenced in this or other press releases or public statements are not currently available and may not be delivered on time or at all. Customers who purchase Salesforce applications should make their purchase decisions based upon features that are currently available. Salesforce has headquarters in San Francisco, with offices in Europe and Asia, and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “CRM.” For more information please visit http://www.salesforce.com, or call 1-800-NO-SOFTWARE. 











 



















Paul van Veenendaal's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Paul van Veenendaal#76874@yizmoYizmonl.linkedin.com/in/paulvanveenendaal/922Following430FollowersFollow3 UpvotesInbound RocketConverts visitors into leads, subscribers & customersTech+ 1 save 186 18PieChat for workTech+ 1 save 364 26BellabeatKeep track & gain insight about your baby's healthTech+ 2 save 312 13Share this profile






 






Frank van Veenendaal, Executive Vice President, Salesforce


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Frank van Veenendaal



Executive Vice President
at
Salesforce


Location: San Francisco, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Frank van Veenendaal



Executive Vice President
at
Salesforce


Location: San Francisco, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mr. Frank Van Veenendaal served as an Executive Vice President of Salesforce.com Inc. since June 2013. Mr. Van Veenendaal served as Vice Chairman of Salesforce.com Inc. from February 2012 to June 2013. Mr. Van Veenendaal served as the President of Worldwide Sales and Services at Salesforce.com since October 2009. Mr. Van Veenendaal served as President of Worldwide Sales and Chief Sales Officer of Salesforce.com from September 2008 to October 2009 and served as its President of North American Operations and Global Corporate Sales since December 2007; President of Worldwide Corporate Sales and Services from February 1, 2007 to December 2007 and Senior Vice President of North America Sales since 2001. He joined salesforce.com in August 2001 and served as its Senior Vice President of sales and services and Executive Vice President of corporate sales and services.
Mr. Van Veenendaal has over 25 years of technology sales and executive management experience. Mr. van Veenendaal served as Senior Vice President of Sales of Actuate Corporation from 1995 to 2001. Prior to joining Actuate, he spent six years with Interleaf where he served in various roles including that of Regional Director of sales. In the early stages of his career, he held various sales and sales management positions for high tech companies such as Integrated Solutions, Pyramid, and Harris Corporation. He served as a Director at Marin Software Incorporated since February 13, 2012. Mr. Van Veenendaal received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.



4

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Computer Software




Tags
SaaS, Enterprise Software, Cloud Computing




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Frank van VeenendaalCareer (5)






Dec-2015




Coupa



Board Member







Sep-2015




Capriza



Board Member







Jun-2015




NewVoiceMedia



Board Member







Jun-2013




Salesforce



Executive Vice President







Feb-2012 to Feb-2015




Salesforce



Vice Chairman








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Frank van VeenendaalEducation






1981



Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute


Electrical and Electronics Engineering









 Edit



Frank van VeenendaalAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Frank van Veenendaal






 Edit



Frank van VeenendaalLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Frank van Veenendaal









Frank van VeenendaalInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Frank van Veenendaal









Frank van VeenendaalInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Frank van Veenendaal








Frank van VeenendaalRelated People








Colleagues at Salesforce







Monica Langley

Executive Vice President, Global Strategic Affairs
Jan-2017









Scott Yancey

Senior Vice President Of Engineering
Sep-2016









Tony Prophet

Chief Equality Officer
Sep-2016









Paul Kayser

Regional Director of Sales - Marketing Cloud - Enterprise and Commercial Accounts
Mar-2016








View all 
Peers (14)







Mark Roberge











Niklas  Zennström

CEO & Partner of Atomico









Rob  Krolik

Board of Director of Shazam









Dean Allen

CEO of McKinstry









Phyllis Campbell

Chairman, PNW of JPMorgan Chase & Co.









Gary Locke

Chairman of Locke Global Strategies












View all 



Frank van VeenendaalRecommended Market Profiles (7)








ChiefMartec Billion Dollar Club

10,000 or More employees
33 companies








Customer Service Solutions For Enterprise Organizations

10,000 or More employees
13 companies








Social Advertising Platforms (Forrester Wave)

10,000 or More employees
7 companies








Forrester Wave CRM Suites For Midsize Organizations

10,000 or More employees
10 companies








Enterprise Listening Platforms (Forrester Wave)

10,000 or More employees
10 companies








  Influencer Marketing: Advocate Platforms

10,000 or More employees
6 companies


















