    Harold Van Wart | CymaBay Therapeutics Inc | ZoomInfo.comHealthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksAthersys's Cardiovascular Health Program Is Ambitious and Well-CalculatedATHX• Today, 5:55 PM • Jesse Donovan•10 CommentsKeep Your Eyes On Bioverativ In 2017BIVV• Today, 5:50 PM • Gaurao Bhade•2 CommentsGilead: Vosevi EU Approval Just One Of Several Catalysts On The WayGILD• Today, 5:46 PM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsAmgen: Income On SaleAMGN• Today, 4:35 PM • Samuel Smith•5 CommentsCelgene Guides Up - And Down: How It Plans To Win The 2020sCELG• Today, 3:57 PM • DoctoRx•16 CommentsDelcath: Massive Dilution AheadDCTH• Today, 2:16 PM • Research & Investment•5 CommentsParatek: Beware Of The ExpertsPRTK• Today, 2:13 PM • Early Retiree•16 CommentsAre Biotechs Too Risky For DIY Investors?IBB, XBI• Today, 1:49 PM • Nicholas Ward•24 CommentsAn Upcoming Discussion With A Cardiologist On Amarin's Vascepa And Its Potential In Treating HypertriglyceridemiaAMRN• Today, 1:05 PM • Slingshot Insights•6 CommentsMy Final Thoughts On Dynavax Before Today's Advisory Committee Panel Decision Is AnnouncedDVAX• Today, 12:01 PM • Bret Jensen•96 CommentsAcorda Slump Offers Investment OpportunityACOR• Today, 11:50 AM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentXOMA: Another Ligand In The Making?XOMA• Today, 11:39 AM • Biotech Phoenix•2 CommentsGilead Sciences' Q2: Not Enough To Move The StockGILD• Today, 10:23 AM • David Butler•37 CommentsHill-Rom Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHRC• Today, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAn In-Depth Analysis Of Calithera Biosciences (Part 1)CALA• Today, 9:46 AM • David HoffmannArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsGilead: Shut Up About The Cash And Let Management Do Their JobGILD• Today, 9:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•47 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•14 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 28, 2017ANTB, BTX, INCY• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•6 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•12 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsInteger Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesITGR• Yesterday, 5:16 PM • SA TranscriptsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•146 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•29 CommentsAstraZeneca Muddies The Water As Mystic FailsAZN• Yesterday, 3:55 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGlaxo Runs Into Double Trouble In HIVGSK• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAMEDISYS Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMED• Yesterday, 3:23 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•129 CommentsKeryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKERX• Yesterday, 1:37 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Doubters Were WrongGILD• Yesterday, 1:27 PM • Jonathan Weber•41 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•9 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfJohnson & Johnson Takes Down Medtronic And AbbVieJNJ• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • DJ Habig•26 CommentsAstraZeneca: Pipeline WoesAZN• Yesterday, 10:34 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsInvestors Get A Chance To Load Up On AmgenAMGN• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • Jonathan Weber•7 CommentsMystic Falls At The First HurdleAZN• Yesterday, 10:19 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsCelgene Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCELG• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • SA TranscriptsAlexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALXN• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsBoston Scientific Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBSX• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term ConsiderationsAMGN• Yesterday, 9:44 AM • DoctoRx•35 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 27, 2017BMY, MRK, THERF• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsOpko: Contrarian Play On Positive UpdateOPK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • Avisol Capital Partners•33 CommentsWas The 'All Clear' Just Sounded On Gilead?GILD• Yesterday, 8:48 AM • Bret Jensen•51 CommentsWatch Out For Some Solid Action From Vertex Pharmaceuticals In 2017VRTX• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • Gaurao Bhade•4 CommentsABIOMED, Inc. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesABMD• Yesterday, 8:25 AM • SA TranscriptsGilead Sciences - There Is Still Much To Like About This Company And Its PriceGILD• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsRoche Holding Ltd ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRHHBY• Yesterday, 7:48 AM • SA TranscriptsSucampo: A Shift Toward Rare DiseasesSCMP• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • ONeil Trader•1 CommentInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Yesterday, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•14 CommentsNow Is A Good Time To Buy Johnson & JohnsonJNJ• Yesterday, 5:59 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•26 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVRTX• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:09 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsGilead Sciences, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsTeva: Walking Dead?TEVA• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Mehdi Zare•92 CommentsPfizer's Worrying TrendPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:16 PM • Searching For Value•19 CommentsKindred Bio Pounces On Feline Weight ManagementKIN• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:51 PM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsBiogen Q2 2017 Results: Few Steps In The Right DirectionBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:43 PM • HealthBloggerBiogen Positions Itself For The FutureBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:51 PM • Jonathan Weber•2 CommentsGlaxo Gets Out The AxeGSK• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:11 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsOlumiant Clot Signal Echoes Xeljanz ExperienceLLY• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:07 PM • EP VantagePetMed Express: $50 Looks Too High, But I've Been Wrong BeforeEditors' Pick • PETS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:45 PM • Vince Martin•17 CommentsPacira's Exparel Expansion Pain ContinuesPCRX• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:35 PM • EP VantagePfizer Doesn't Want To Be Left In the Dust Of Avastin BiosimilarPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:34 PM • Long Term Bio•2 CommentsExact Sciences Crushes Estimates AgainEXAS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:29 PM • Kirk Spano•124 CommentsVanda Pharmaceuticals: An Early Stage Bioscience ConsiderationVNDA• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:59 PM • Dr. Tran BioSci•2 CommentsSell Gilead Regardless Of Q2 ResultsGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:25 PM • Shock Exchange•150 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 26, 2017BMY, CUR, MRK• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:46 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•13 Comments2 Cheers For Biogen, Which May Be Good Enough To Allow AlphaBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:34 PM • DoctoRx•11 CommentsBuy The Dip In Reata PharmaceuticalsRETA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:28 PM • Jonathan FaisonPick up 9.5% YTM with Community Health Systems, February 2022 BondsCYH• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:25 PM • Randy Durig•5 CommentsBuying Abbott Near Its PeakABT• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:05 PM • Black Coral Research•12 Comments123456...469Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










IRADIMED's (IRMD) CEO Roger Susi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRMD•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico's (PAC) CEO Fernando Bosque on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PAC•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Power Integrations' (POWI) CEO Balu Balakrishnan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


POWI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Midland States Bancorp's (MSBI) CEO Leon Holschbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MSBI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




L'Oreal's (LRLCF) CEO Jean-Paul Agon on First Half 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRLCF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Teranga Gold's (TGCDF) CEO Richard Young on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TGCDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




IMI's (IMIAF) CEO Mark Selway on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMIAF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco De Sabadell's (BNDSF) CEO Jaime Guardiola on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BNDSF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eutelsat Communications' (EUTLF) CEO Rodolphe Belmer on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EUTLF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danone's (GPDNF) CEO Cécile Cabanis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GPDNF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SCCO•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Takeda Pharmaceutical's (TKPHF) CEO Christophe Weber on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TKPHF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aecon Group's (AEGXF) CEO John Beck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AEGXF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Renault's (RNSDF) CEO Carlos Ghosn on H1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RNSDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BankFinancial's (BFIN) CEO F. Morgan Gasior on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BFIN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Credit Suisse Group's (CS) CEO Tidjane Thiam on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Domtar (UFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LYB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CVR Partners' (UAN) CEO Mark Pytosh on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UAN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 



Camden Property's (CPT) CEO Ric Campo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BASF's (BASFY) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BASFY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




West Bancorporation's (WTBA) CEO Dave Nelson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WTBA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invesco's (IVZ) CEO Martin Flanagan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVZ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




YIT's (YITYY) CEO Kari Kauniskangas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


YITYY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Boise Cascade's (BCC) CEO Tom Corrick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cray's (CRAY) CEO Peter Ungaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CRAY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Corporate Office Properties Trust's (OFC) CEO Steve Budorick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ferro Corporation's (FOE) CEO Peter Thomas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FOE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:36 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ventas' (VTR) CEO Debra Cafaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VTR•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



GSI Technology's (GSIT) CEO Lee-Lean Shu on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GSIT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4457Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
CymaBay Therapeutics' (CBAY) CEO Harold Van Wart on Q4 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»CymaBay Therapeutics' (CBAY) CEO Harold Van Wart on Q4 2014 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMar.18.15 | About: CymaBay Therapeutics (CBAY) CymaBay Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CBAY)
Q4 2014 Results Earnings Conference Call
March 18, 2015, 04:15 PM ET
Executives
Sujal Shah - Chief Financial Officer
Harold Van Wart - President and CEO
Analysts
Brian Klein - Stifel
Jeff Chen - Cowen & Company
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the CymaBay fourth quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the formal remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Please be advised that the call will be recorded at the company’s request. It is also being webcast live on the Investors section of the CymaBay website at www.cymabay.com.
At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Sujal Shah, Chief Financial Officer of CymaBay. Sujal, please proceed.
Sujal Shah
Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to CymaBay's fourth quarter and full year 2014 financial and operating results conference call. This afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2014 financial results. The release is available on our website under the Investors tab.
Joining me on the call today is Hal Van Wart, President and CEO, who will provide an operational update covering our clinical programs. I will return to review the company’s financial results. I will then pass the call back over to Hal for a summary of our upcoming milestones, and finally we will open the call up for Q&A.
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that statements made during this conference call, including the Q&A session relating to CymaBay's expected future performance, future business prospects or future events or plans are forward-looking statement as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All such forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the Safe Harbor protection provided by the Reform Act. Actual outcomes and results are subject to risks and uncertainties and could differ materially from those forecasts due to the impact of many factors beyond the control of CymaBay.
CymaBay expressly disclaims any duty to provide update to its forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Participants are directed to the risks set forth in today’s press release as well as the risk factors set forth in CymaBay's quarterly and annual report filed with the SEC. This conference call is a property of CymaBay and any recording or rebroadcast is expressly prohibited without the written consent of CymaBay.
With that, let me turn the call over to Hal.
Harold Van Wart
Thank you, Sujal. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us on the call. Today I would like to update you on the progress that we have made on our two clinical programs.
Let me begin with arhalofenate program. Since our last quarterly call, we have delivered significant new clinical data in this program and are now able to describe what we believe to be an exciting new path forward.
Arhalofenate is being developed for the treatment of gout. The two primary goals of gout therapy are the lower serum uric acid and to prevent and retreat flares. With regard to the serum uric acid approximately 60% of gout patients or about 2 million people in the U.S. are unfortunately not able to reach their goal of less than 6 mg/dL on the commonly used uric acid lowering therapies allopurinol or febuxostat. 
Moreover because these therapies paradoxically make flares worse or at least the first six months, there is significant non-compliance. For the American College of Rheumatology recommendations this IL ULT and this flare problem can be addressed in some patients with colchicine prophylaxis. Colchicine, however, is counter indicated in over 40% of gout patients and is generally not well tolerated with the high non- compliance rate. 

With regard to flaring, approximately 1 million gout patients experienced little more flares per year in spite of current therapy. Thus there remains a significant unmet medical need in gout patients, first, for more effective serum uric acid lowering; and second, for better flare control.
We believe that our lead product candidate arhalofenate can address both of these unmet needs, because it has two activities in the same molecule. Arhalofenate lower serum uric acid by blocking the re-absorption of uric acid in the kidney by the urate transporter URAT-1. This urate in fact increases excretion of uric acid into the urine and thereby lower serum uric acid levels.
Arhalofenate also has an inherent anti-inflammatory activity. It blocks the urate crystal induced production of IL-1 data preventing the trigger for gout flares. This dual mechanism differentiates it from all available and emerging treatments for gout and defines what we believe to be a new class of therapy which we refer to as Urate Lowering Anti-Flare Therapy or ULAFT.
Since the beginning of this year, we have announced data from the last two of the total of five completed gout studies that provide clinical evidence to support both of these actions.
First we have shown that arhalofenate can address the need for additional serum uric acid lowering. In January, we announced results from our Phase 2 study of arhalofenate at six and 800 milligrams administrated in combination with febuxostat at 40 or 80 milligrams in patients with gout. The minimum goal of treatment has reduced serum uric acid levels to below 6 mg/dL. 
However, for patients with tophaceous gout, there is a need to more quickly eliminate tissue deposits of crystals and a need patient target of below five or even four are desirable. 
The combination of 40 milligrams of febuxostat with 80 milligrams of arhalofenate produced serum uric acid responder rate of 100% and 93% for the six and 5 mg/dL targets respectively. In combination with the higher 80 mg dose of febuxostat responder rate of 100%, 93% and 79% were achieved for the goals of six, five and 4 mg/dL respectively. 
These responder rate data show that the arhalofenate/febuxostat combination therapy is striking and effective in getting gout patients to their serum uric acid target goal. The use of combination therapy for patients to confidently achieve treatment goal will be an important component of our development strategy and I will return to that in a moment.
A second important result from this study was the demonstration that the serum uric acid lowering contributed by the uricosuric activity of arhalofenate was produced in a safe manner. This is reflected by the observation that the increases in fractional excretion of uric acid produced by arhalofenate are gradual with low intraday variations that do not exceed the normal range, a property that we believe explains arhalofenate's lack of demonstrated renal toxicity. 
Earlier this month, we announced the results of our Phase 2b flare study that confirmed that arhalofenate has anti-flare activity and can address the unmet need for better flare control. This randomized, double-blind, active and placebo-controlled study was designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of arhalofenate for reducing gout flares in 239 patients that had experienced three or more flares in the prior year.
The study met its primary endpoint of demonstrating a reduction of 46% in flare rate for the arhalofenate 800 mg group compared to allopurinol with the highly statistically significant p value of 0056. Arhalofenate also showed a reduction of 41% of flare rate relative to placebo which was also statistically significant. This is the first study to show that arhalofenate produces reductions in flares without concomitant dosing of colchicine.

In serum uric acid lowering observed for arhalofenate in this study was somewhat lower than allopurinol and we do not intend to position arhalofenate to replace allopurinol in responders mainly those patients who can achieve the serum uric acid goal on allopurinol. However, this incremental serum uric acid lowering when combined with at produced febuxostat is enough to get great majority of allopurinol inadequate responders to their serum uric acid goals.
I will note that the arhalofenate was well tolerated in both of these studies and the overall safety profile is favorable and continues to be consistent with those earlier studies. 
Collectively the five Phase 2 studies completed today have enabled us to advance the target profile for arhalofenate. We now believe that the major target population in 2 million gout patients who are inadequate serum uric acid responders on their current uric acid lowering therapy. We believe that we can convert a great majority of them to responders by treatment with the combination arhalofenate 800 milligram and febuxostat for the subset of approximately 1.4 million of these patients with chronic gout and whose serum uric acid goal was less than 6 mg/dL, the ideal combination would be arhalofenate 80 mg with the 400 mg dose of febuxostat. 
For patients with tophaceous gout that need a more aggressive goal of less than 5 mg/dL, we will combine arhalofenate with the 80 mg dose of febuxostat. We believe that not only would these patients be able to reach their serum uric acid goal, but the Anti-Flare activity of arhalofenate will decrease their flare rate, making them better able to stay on treatment and also possibly allow them to avoid the need for colchicine prophylaxis.
Finally, for the approximately 300,000 gout patients that either can't take or tolerate allopurinol, we are contemplating a development of arhalofenate mono therapy as a treatment option to this patient population that has very limited choices.
Within these markets the competitive landscape in gout has continued to evolve. AstraZeneca has now completed the Phase 3 program for Lesinurad, the only other uricosuric drug in late-stage development. Although the study involved in 200 mg and 400 mg doses of Lesinurad, they have recently announced that their EMA submission was only for the lower 200 mg dose in combination with allopurinol. 
We believe that the combination of arhalofenate 800 milligrams with febuxostat has a superior profile to the combination of Lesinurad 200 milligrams with allopurinol with respect both to achievement of serum uric acid targets and also flare control and may very well be the better option for the gout patient.
This arhalofenate target profile can be confirmed in a very straightforward Phase 3 program in which we contemplate studying these three target patient populations those with chronic gout, tophaceous gout and those patients that can't take or are intolerant to allopurinol.
All in all we are very excited about where this program is headed and are currently targeting an end of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA for the third quarter of this year with the goal of being in a position to start a Phase 3 study in the first half of 2016. In parallel we are running a very active effort to explore potential partnerships either territory based or global as an option for advancing our Phase 3 program. 
Now, I would like to change gears and provide a brief update on MBX-8025. This compound is an oral, potent and selective PPAR-δ agonist with really exciting potential for the treatment of the number of high unmet need indications. MBX-8025 had previously completed a Phase 2 study in patients with mixed dyslipidemia and demonstrated positive effects on lipids including reductions of LDL cholesterol.

Our strategy for MBX-8025 is to redirect development for indications with high unmet needs. We've identified homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, HoFH, as the first new indication. HoFH is a rare life threatening genetic disorder characterized by loss of function mutations in the LDL receptor resulting in extremely high levels of LDL cholesterol, early cardiovascular disease and early mortality.
Two recently introduced therapies, Juxtapid and Kynamro, are able to provide LDL or cholesterol lowering in to rep patients. However, both drugs have tolerability and safety issues, including black box warnings. Thus there continues to be a need for a therapy that will safely lower LDL cholesterol in these patients.
We observed significant reductions in LDL cholesterol in our earlier study in patients with mixed dyslipidemia. But we were not sure whether the mechanism would be relevant to HoFH. In disease the patients didn’t had a functional LDL receptors. 
In January we announced results from a preclinical study indicating that MBX-8025 decreased LDL by approximately 45% in an accepted animal model of HoFH. This data indicate that the LDL cholesterol lowering of MBX-8025 is not dependent on having a fully functional LDL receptor and could be viable treatment for HoFH. 
We are in the process of initiating a pilot study in up to eight patients with HoFH. This open-label, dose escalation study would be conducted in Europe. Patients will be sequentially dose escalated up to 200 milligrams with treatment effects being evaluated relative to baseline as well as to the period while on the end of treatment. We are actively engaged with health authorities and investigators and expect to start the study in the first half of this year. 
We also continue to explore potential opportunities with small focus to our proof-of-concept studies in other indications. Based on the clinically demonstrated effects of MBX-8025, potential indications include primary biliary cirrhosis, severe refractory hypertriglyceridemia and NASH.
For NASH we are monitoring the progress of ongoing clinical studies of other drug candidates in this indication, including the GenFit, mixed PPAR-α/δ agonist, GFT505. As our plans become more firm, we will issue additional guidance.
With that, I will now turn the call back over to Sujal to review our financials.
Sujal Shah
Thanks, Hal. In today's press release we reported cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of 34.8 million as of December 31, 2014 compared to 31.2 million for the year ended 2013. Subsequent to December 31, 2014 cash increased by 4.3 million from the net proceeds related to the sales of common stock under our aftermarket facility in the first quarter of 2015. We believe this provides with sufficient resources to fund operations through at least the end of 2015.
Research and development expense for the three and 12 months ended December 31, 2014 was 5.3 million and 15.8 million respectively. R&D expense for the same period in 2013 was 1.4 million and 4.5 million respectively. The increase in R&D expense for both periods was primarily related to the increased spending associated with the conduct of Phase 2 arhalofenate-febuxostat combination study and our Phase 2b arhalofenate gout during 2014.
General and administrative expenses for the three and 12 months ended December 31, 2014 was 2.3 million and 8.2 million respectively. G&A expense for the same period in 2013 was 2.1 million and 4.9 million respectively. The increase in G&A expense in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily related to an increase in personnel cost to both support our transition from a private to a public company and to resume our clinical development activities.
Net loss for the three and 12 months ended December 31, 2014 was 12.7 million and 31.9 million respectively. Net loss for the same periods in 2013 was 3.9 million and 10.1 million respectively. Increase in net loss was primarily due to the increase in R&D expense and G&A expense.

The net loss for the three and 12 months ended December 31, 2014 included non-cash losses of 4.9 million and 7.2 million respectively from the mark to market valuation of the company’s warrant liability. The net loss associated with these non-cash charges was 0.5 million for the three and 12 months ended December 31, 2013. 
Hal?
Harold Van Wart
All right. Let me close reiterating the company’s near-term value generating milestones. Since the beginning of the year we provided strong rational for moving both of our programs forward aggressively. Arhalofenate into the registration studies in gout and MBX-8025 into a pilot study into HoFH. We expect the HoFH study to begin rolling in the first half of the year and hope to have clarity on our next indication for 8025 within that same time period.
We are also targeting the third quarter for end of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA to discuss arhalofenate. Throughout the coming quarters we will also be conducting extensive review of other options for advancing arhalofenate in the clinic, including potential partnerships and we look forward to updating on our progress as these efforts evolve. 
I would now like to open the call up to your questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Klein with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. 
Brian Klein
Hi guys. Thanks for the comprehensive update and for taking my questions. I guess first how -- on arhalofenate I know you want to meet with your CA in the third quarter and I assume you'll have some clarity on Phase 3 trial design. Are you prepared to start Phase 3 program prior to landing a partner for arhalofenate?
Sujal Shah
Hey Brian, this is Sujal. Let me take articulate I think our thoughts behind this. We're optimistic given the data we now have in hand and the current level of interest that we may in fact be able to get a partner for arhalofenate before entering into Phase 3.
Both the public market and pharma specifically, vert recently assigned significant value for uricosuric drug that simple address the additional serum uric acid lowering needs of non-responders to allopurinol, that's a patient population of about 1.5 million to 2 million patients. And that's particularly a higher dose as this has had some significant safety issues.
So, we look at our profile and we believe we have a highly differentiated uricosuric and anti-inflammatory drug with very good safety profile. The right deal is on the table, we'll look best ways to move our -- if the right deal is not on the table, we'll look best ways to move up Phase forward in the best interest of our shareholders.
The end of the day we're very open to looking at different types of structure Brian, and we'll firmly look to make those decisions at that point in time.
Brian Klein
Okay, great. Thanks. Along those lines, what's preferable to you guys internally? Are you looking for a worldwide partner how would help fund the Phase 2 program, or do you think regional base [ph] something makes more sense?
Harold Van Wart
I think at the outset, we're relatively agonistic to that. We want to see what kind of options we're given and decide which direction we want to go into. We certainly would not be adverse to a global partnership with the right partner. We're not specifically trying to carve out any regions for ourselves if that's what you're asking.
Brian Klein
Great. A couple of questions quickly on 8025, I know you're targeting enrolment with eight patients maybe starting in the first half of this year, when do you anticipate we might see initial data from that study?
Harold Van Wart
We're in very final stages of getting our protocol through the regulatory agencies and the ethics committee. And while we're going to stick with the guy that we planned to start at to the first half of this year, we're hoping that it might even be a little bit sooner. I think it's realistic to assume that we could get that data before the end of the year.

Brian Klein
Great. And I know you mentioned GenFit and their upcoming data, would you be anticipating possibly starting a trialing match [ph] sooner depending on the outcome of that competitor trial?
Harold Van Wart
Yeah, that's a very good question Brian. So, it turns out the relevant fact related to that is that we only have 13 weeks of toxicology coverage right now for being able to do clinical studies with MBX-8025. We have directed our current toxicology program is in progress and we will have that data in the first quarter of next year, in which case, we will no longer be limited by that.
And since most of the exciting data from NASH has come from serial biopsies in studies of year or longer duration, it's difficult to see what kind of study you could do in NASH that would be informative in only three months.
So, our likely preference would be to delay a start of any potential NASH study until we could go for the -- on for the length of time waiting to see biopsy data.
Brian Klein
Great. Thanks. And just one final question for Sujal. I was wondering if you could give you a little bit of guidance here on R&D spend for the year, thanks.
Sujal Shah
Sure Brian. So, bulk of what you see here little over a $11 million, the $15.8 million reported for yearend was really towards project cost. Great majority of that of course was arhalofenate, both the febuxostat and arhalofenate combination study as well as the gout flare study.
The remaining somewhere around $4.1 million was really the personnel cost that support our R&D.
Brian Klein
Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking me.
Harold Van Wart
Thanks Brian.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Chen with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Chen
Thanks for taking the questions. So, question around the discussions of partnerships, so are you still kind of having ongoing discussions about Phase 3 designs with potential partners, or is this something that you await until what you see in terms of the interested parties?
Harold Van Wart
No, Jeff, I think we have a very clear idea what our Phase 3 program would look like for arhalofenate and we actually have touched upon that in today's dialogue. Having said that as we engage pharma partners and start to learn how they might view the program, we could be influenced by that and that could shift us in one direction or another.
We’re always trying to stay -- keep in open mind as to what better and more effective ways to develop a drug could be. But I don't think we could assume that we'll have a pharma partner before we go to our end of Phase 2 meeting, so we're checking a view that we're going to go there negotiate what we think is the best possible program to support the strongest possible label. And along the way and parallel have discussions with pharma to be able to get their input and assess their level of interest.
Jeff Chen
That's very helpful. Thanks. And a follow-up question on 8025, so for Phase 2 in EU, what would you consider to be acceptable spender in terms of LDL lowering that you're looking for?
Harold Van Wart
Yeah, to this question, so we have had extensive calls with KOL and asked them that question, what amount of LDL lowering you believe would be clinically meaningful for this patient population.
And the numbers tended to gravitate around 25%, 20%, 25% because you need to remember also that that's 25% off of very high baseline level. So, the absolute reduction analogy and is actually quite significant and meaningful from that percentage drop. So, I think if we still -- I think in that vicinity, we consider that to be a victory.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] There are no further questions in queue at this time. I will like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.

Sujal Shah
Thank you, operator. Thank you everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to sharing with you more in the upcoming quarters. If you'd like to know more about our progress, please feel free to reach out to us directly.
Operator
Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Biotechnology, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CBAY TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





 

Harold Van Wart's involvement in venture capital (via Metabolex Inc, Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc, Cymabay Therapeutics Inc)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/82580-harold-van-wartsection=people&subsection=detail&id=82580




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


HaroldVan WartGet alertedif Harold Van Wart gets funded!Harold Van WartMetabolex Inc - Executive_Officer, DirectorConatus Pharmaceuticals Inc - Director, Board of DirectorsCymabay Therapeutics Inc - President, CEO & Board of DirectorsDeals involving Harold Van Wart$5,583,320 raised with Metabolex Inc on November, 2009$28,600,000 raised with Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc on May, 2017$1,001,551 raised with Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc on June, 2013$25,275,507 raised with Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc on February, 2011$5,000,000 raised with Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc on October, 2010$84,500,000 raised with Cymabay Therapeutics Inc on July, 2017$22,000,000 raised with Cymabay Therapeutics Inc on July, 2014$30,155,140 raised with Cymabay Therapeutics Inc on October, 2013$26,833,640 raised with Cymabay Therapeutics Inc on October, 2013Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Harold Van Wart on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Harold Edgar Vanwart - Los Altos, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Harold Edgar Vanwart in Los Altos, CA


Harold Edgar Vanwart

                                                                           Intelius found that Harold Edgar Vanwart  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Los Altos, CA.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Harold Van Wart
Harold E Van


Get Report Now

Age

Harold Edgar Vanwart is in his 60s

Harold Has Lived In

Los Altos, CA
Mountain View, CA
Newark, CA

Harold's Relatives

van Wart
Jane Menges
Sarah Vanwart
Andrew Vanwart







Harold Edgar Vanwart



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Metabolex , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Harold? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Harold, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Harold Edgar Vanwart
Get a Criminal Check on Harold Edgar Vanwart
Get a Public Record Report on Harold Edgar Vanwart
Get a People Search Report on Harold Edgar Vanwart


Harold Edgar Vanwart's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Harold Edgar Vanwart has lived as well as Harold Edgar Vanwart's phone numbers and email addresses.




Harold Edgar Vanwart Has Lived in 3 States
California Address for Harold Edgar Vanwart


80 A****** W** 

Los Altos, CA


Has Lived In

Los Altos, CA
Mountain View, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Harold Edgar Vanwart

() ***-**** - Los Altos, CA 
(510) ***-****
(510) ***-**** - Hayward, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Harold Edgar Vanwart

h***********t@***.net
h******t@***.com
h*******n@***.com


Get Email Report




Harold Edgar Vanwart's Professional Information
Information regarding Harold Edgar Vanwart's professional history.  Find out previous places Harold Edgar Vanwart has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Harold Edgar Vanwart Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Metabolex , Inc.
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Metabolex , Inc.
               Title: Senior Vice President, Research and Development
Harold Edgar Vanwart's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Metabolex , Inc.
Job Details
               Metabolex is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of proprietary new medicines for the treatment of metabolic diseases, with an emphasis on type 2 diabetes. Metabolex has drawn on its deep understanding of diabetes to create a large database of genes involved in diabetes and to build a rich pipeline of product candidates and drug discovery targets. The company has four clinical-stage compounds: MBX-102/JNJ 39659100, which has completed three Phase 2 trials; MBX-2044, which has completed a Phase 2a trial; MBX-8025, which has completed a Phase 2 trial in patients with dyslipidemia; and MBX-2982, which has completed a Phase 1 trial. Ortho-McNeil, Inc. has the exclusive right to develop and commercialize MBX-102/JNJ 39659100.
Title: Senior Vice President, Research and Development
               Company: Metabolex , Inc.
Job Details
               Metabolex is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of proprietary new medicines for the treatment of metabolic diseases, with an emphasis on type 2 diabetes. Metabolex has drawn on its deep understanding of diabetes to create a large database of genes involved in diabetes and to build a rich pipeline of product candidates and drug discovery targets. The company has four clinical-stage compounds: MBX-102/JNJ 39659100, which has completed three Phase 2 trials; MBX-2044, which has completed a Phase 2a trial; MBX-8025, which has completed a Phase 2 trial in patients with dyslipidemia; and MBX-2982, which has completed a Phase 1 trial. Ortho-McNeil, Inc. has the exclusive right to develop and commercialize MBX-102/JNJ 39659100.
Additional Professional Information on Harold Edgar Vanwart

 See Harold Edgar Vanwart's LinkedIn Profile



Harold Edgar Vanwart's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Harold Edgar Vanwart


Harold Edgar Vanwart's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Harold Edgar Vanwart's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Harold Vanwart
Username Matches

                  HaroldVanwart
                  VanwartHarold
                  Harold.Vanwart
                  Vanwart.Harold
                  Harold_Vanwart
                  Vanwart_Harold
                  Harold-Vanwart
                  Vanwart-Harold
                  HVanwart
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
H Vanwart







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















CymaBay Announces The Retirement Of President And Chief Executive Officer, Harold Van Wart, Ph.D. - Pg.2 - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































CymaBay Announces The Retirement Of President And Chief Executive Officer, Harold Van Wart, Ph.D.






GlobeNewswire



Mar 29, 2017 8:00 AM EDT













 


















































  About Sujal Shah Sujal Shah joined CymaBay as Chief Financial Officer in December of 2013. Prior to that he served as a consultant and acting Chief Financial Officer since June 2012. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Shah served as Director, Health Care Investment Banking Group for Citigroup, where he was responsible for managing client relationships and executing strategic and financing related transactions for clients focused in life sciences. From 2004 to 2010 Mr. Shah was employed with Credit-Suisse, last serving in the capacity as Vice President, Health Care Investment Banking Group. Mr. Shah received a MBA from Carnegie Mellon University Tepper School of Business and B.S. and M.S. degrees in biomedical engineering from Northwestern University.   About CymaBay CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc. (CBAY) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing therapies to treat metabolic diseases with high unmet medical need, including serious rare and orphan disorders. Seladelpar is a potent, selective, orally active PPARd agonist. A Phase 2 study of seladelpar in patients with mixed dyslipidemia established that it has an anti-atherogenic lipid profile. CymaBay has completed Phase 2 studies for seladelpar in subjects with primary biliary cholangitis and homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, establishing proof-of-concept in both indications. Arhalofenate, CymaBay's other product candidate, is a potential Urate-Lowering Anti-Flare Therapy that has completed five Phase 2 studies in subjects with gout. Arhalofenate has been found to reduce painful flares in joints while at the same time lowering serum uric acid by promoting excretion of uric acid by the kidney. This dual action addresses both the signs and symptoms of gout while managing the underlying pathophysiology of hyperuricemia.  Arhalofenate has been licensed in the U.S. to Kowa Pharmaceuticals America, Inc.  CymaBay retains full development and commercialization rights for arhalofenate outside the U.S.  Cautionary Statements The statements in this press release, including those statements regarding the belief that the company has the potential to create significant value as it continues to advance its clinical pipeline, the belief that the company is well positioned for success and that 2017 can be a transformational year for the company, and the potential of CymaBay's product candidates are forward looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events regarding the further development of CymaBay's product candidates could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks related to: the success, cost and timing of any of CymaBay's product development activities, including clinical trials; effects observed in trials to date which may not be repeated in the future; any delays or inability to obtain or maintain regulatory approval of CymaBay's product candidates in the United States or worldwide; and the ability of CymaBay to obtain sufficient financing to complete development, regulatory approval and commercialization of its product candidates in the United States and worldwide. Additional risks relating to CymaBay are contained in CymaBay's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents subsequently filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. CymaBay disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. For additional information about CymaBay visit www.cymabay.com.  Contacts:Sujal ShahCymaBay Therapeutics, Inc. (510) 293-8800sshah@cymabay.com      



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Biotech Stock Mailbag: How to Spot Red Flags in Clinical Trial Data
TheStreet's senior columnist Adam Feuerstein answers reader questions about biotech stocks.



Adam Feuerstein

Mar 24, 2016 9:58 AM EDT

















5 Stocks Under $10 Set to Soar Higher
These five stocks trading for less than $10 a share are within range of triggering breakout trades.



Roberto Pedone

Mar 10, 2016 6:00 AM EST








































 











Trending


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives Very Soon -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


3 Secrets Tesla Doesn't Want to Admit Ahead of Its Big Model 3 Party


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













CNAT / Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Insider Trading by Van Wart Harold - Fintel.io

































CNAT / Conatus Pharmaceuticals - Insider Trades by Van Wart Harold










            CNAT / Conatus Pharmaceuticals - Insider Trading (SEC Form 4) by Van Wart Harold
        





Overview
Real-Time Quote

Ownership 

Current Ownership
Historical Trend
Buyers
Sellers



Insiders 

Insider Trades
Buyers
Sellers


News
SEC Filings

Financials 

Metrics & Ratios
Balance Sheet
Income Statement
Cash Flow Statement
XBRL


Stock Screens









Van Wart Harold insider trades in Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. are found here. Insiders are officers, directors, or significant investors in a company.
                In general, it is generally illegal for insiders to make trades in their companies based on specific, non-public information. This does not mean
                it is illegal for them to make any trades in their own companies. However, they must report all trades to the SEC via a Form 4.




                    Don't Miss an Event
Create an Alert






TransactionDate
FormInsider
Security
Code
Shares
Post Shares
PercentChange
SharePrice
Tran Value 
Post Value
PercentChange




2016-10-27
4
Van Wart Harold  Director
Common Stock
M
18,181
18,181

0.25
4,545







POpen market or private purchase of non-derivative or derivative security
SOpen market or private sale of non-derivative or derivative security
AGrant, award, or other acquisition of securities from the company (such as an option)
CConversion of derivative
DSale or transfer of securities back to the company
FPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the company
GGift of securities by or to the insider
KEquity swaps and similar hedging transactions
MExercise or conversion of derivative security received from the company (such as an option)
VA transaction voluntarily reported on Form 4
JOther (accompanied by a footnote describing the transaction)










Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!









IEX Real-Time Price



















From the Blog


                How To Launch a Hedge Fund

                    The Piotroski Score


























CBAY Harold E. van Wart Insider Trades for CymaBay Therapeutics Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































CymaBay Therapeutics Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CBAY
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

CymaBay Therapeutics Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 5:16 p.m.


CBAY

/quotes/zigman/35136130/composite


$
7.47




Change

+0.02
+0.27%

Volume
Volume 56,092
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/35136130/composite
Previous close

$
			7.81
		


$
				7.45
			
Change

-0.36
-4.61%





Day low
Day high
$7.45
$8.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.15
        

            $8.29
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Harold E. van Wart






Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/18/2015
100


 
Acquisition at $3.28 per share.


328


05/18/2015
100


 
Acquisition at $3.29 per share.


329


05/18/2015
7,300


 
Acquisition at $3.34 per share.


24,382


01/06/2014
141,290


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Sujal  Shah 
President, CEO, CFO & Head-Investor Relations




Dr. Pol F. Boudes 
Chief Medical Officer




Dr. Charles A. McWherter 
Chief Scientific Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Klara A. Dickinson-Eason 
Senior VP-Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance




Mr. Daniel  Menold 
Vice President-Finance




Mr. Patrick J. O'Mara 
Senior Vice President-Business Development




Ms. Caroline M. Loewy 
Director




Dr. Robert F. G. Booth 
Director




Dr. Robert James Wills 
Chairman




Mr. Konrad Hans von Emster 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert J. Weiland 
Independent Director




Dr. Evan A. Stein 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul F. Truex 
Independent Director




Dr. Carl Samuel Goldfischer 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:05 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































