










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC : Top Money Managers  








						Van Hulzen Asset Management Has Lifted Altria Group (MO) Position, Matson, Inc. (MATX) Had 1 Analysts Last Week - Bibey Post								

























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Van Hulzen Asset Management Has Lifted Altria Group (MO) Position, Matson, Inc. (MATX) Had 1 Analysts Last Week


					
						July 28, 2017 - By Stephen Andrade

Van Hulzen Asset Management Llc increased Altria Group (MO) stake by 505.99% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Van Hulzen Asset Management Llc acquired 20,518 shares as Altria Group (MO)’s stock declined 2.84%. The Van Hulzen Asset Management Llc holds 24,573 shares with $1.66M value, up from 4,055 last quarter. Altria Group now has $142.17B valuation. The stock declined 0.49% or $0.36 reaching $73.6 on the news. About 156,243 shares traded. Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO) has risen 11.92% since July 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 4.78% the S&P500.







Among 4 analysts covering Matson (NYSE:MATX), 1 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 25% are positive. Matson had 5 analyst reports since August 5, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Neutral” rating by Seaport Global given on Thursday, December 15. The company was maintained on Wednesday, August 5 by Stifel Nicolaus. On Monday, November 9 the stock rating was maintained by FBR Capital with “Mkt Perform”. The rating was downgraded by Stifel Nicolaus to “Hold” on Tuesday, November 8. See Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX) latest ratings:
09/06/2017 Broker: Stephens Rating: Buy New Target: $40.0000 
Since March 2, 2017, it had 1 buying transaction, and 3 sales for $779,648 activity. $643,102 worth of Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX) shares were sold by COX MATTHEW J. BAIRD W BLAKE also sold $87,067 worth of Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX) shares. The insider KURIYAMA STANLEY M bought 3,300 shares worth $98,175. The insider CHUN MICHAEL J sold 4,300 shares worth $147,654.
 About 3,303 shares traded. Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX) has declined 5.12% since July 28, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 21.82% the S&P500.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.05, from 1.05 in 2016Q3. It turned negative, as 15 investors sold Matson, Inc. shares while 59 reduced holdings. 22 funds opened positions while 52 raised stakes. 35.39 million shares or 1.16% more from 34.98 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Ahl Prtn Llp invested in 0.02% or 14,743 shares. United Svcs Automobile Association accumulated 0% or 17,780 shares. Rodgers Brothers stated it has 11,985 shares or 0.17% of all its holdings. Cubist Systematic Strategies Ltd Llc holds 13,546 shares. Gemmer Asset Management Ltd Liability Corporation invested in 0% or 200 shares. Hsbc Public Ltd Liability Corp reported 0% in Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX). Fruth Inv Mngmt stated it has 0.1% of its portfolio in Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX). D E Shaw & Inc has invested 0% of its portfolio in Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX). Ckw Group holds 14,422 shares. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management holds 0% or 196 shares. New Jersey-based Landscape Management Lc has invested 0.05% in Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX). Northern Trust Corp stated it has 0.01% of its portfolio in Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX). Mason Street Advisors Limited Liability accumulated 9,361 shares or 0.01% of the stock. Zurcher Kantonalbank (Zurich Cantonalbank) invested 0% in Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX). Moreover, Hawk Ridge Capital Management Ltd Partnership has 2.66% invested in Matson, Inc. (NYSE:MATX) for 149,938 shares.
Among 16 analysts covering Altria Group Inc. (NYSE:MO), 9 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 6 Hold. Therefore 56% are positive. Altria Group Inc. had 29 analyst reports since July 31, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm earned “Hold” rating on Friday, July 7 by Cowen & Co. Berenberg downgraded the shares of MO in report on Friday, February 3 to “Hold” rating. The rating was downgraded by RBC Capital Markets on Thursday, March 23 to “Underperform”. RBC Capital Markets downgraded the stock to “Sector Perform” rating in Tuesday, November 3 report. Citigroup initiated the shares of MO in report on Tuesday, September 13 with “Buy” rating. RBC Capital Markets maintained Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO) rating on Friday, May 26. RBC Capital Markets has “Sell” rating and $6200 target. The stock of Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO) has “Equal-Weight” rating given on Tuesday, November 29 by Morgan Stanley. The stock of Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO) has “Neutral” rating given on Friday, February 26 by UBS. The stock of Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO) earned “Hold” rating by Jefferies on Wednesday, September 21. The rating was upgraded by Vetr on Wednesday, September 2 to “Strong-Buy”.








By Stephen Andrade
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Granite Construction (GVA)’s Sentiment Is 1.31


Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Reaches $1.20 52-Week Low; Bioscrip (BIOS) Shorts Lowered By 1.46%


Genesee Valley Trust Company Has Cut The Priceline Group (PCLN) Holding By $544,980, BIOCORRX (BICX) SI Decreased By 81.82%


Matthew 25 Management Has Lowered Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Position By $2.31 Million, Rand Wealth Has Increased Automatic Data Processing In (ADP) Holding By $1.08 Million


Fonar (FONR) Reaches $26.05 After 5.00% Down Move, MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Had 7 Analysts Last Week


Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Reaches $13.65 After 3.00% Up Move, Acadian Timber (TSE:ADN) Had 2 Bullish Analysts


Green Square Capital Has Lifted Its At&T Com (T) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Upped Amc Networks (Call) (AMCX) Stake By $520,000


American Capital Management Cut Its Verint Systems (VRNT) Holding; Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week


Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Has Cut By $1.20 Million Its Cvs Health Com (CVS) Position, 3 Analysts Covering Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)


Davidson D A & Company Lifted Amgen (AMGN) Stake, Last Week Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Analysts







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Bibey Post | 														




















 



















































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News








Latest Headlines





Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Granite Construction (GVA)’s Sentiment Is 1.31
test
Granite Construction Incorporated is a heavy civil contractor and construction materials producer in the United States. The company has market cap of $1.89 billion. The Firm operates through three divisions: (more…)




Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Reaches $1.20 52-Week Low; Bioscrip (BIOS) Shorts Lowered By 1.46%
Hazel Jackson
The stock of Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) hit a new 52-week low and has $1.10 target or 8.00% below today’s $1.20 share price. The 8 months bearish chart indicates high risk for the $158.51 million (more…)


Genesee Valley Trust Company Has Cut The Priceline Group (PCLN) Holding By $544,980, BIOCORRX (BICX) SI Decreased By 81.82%
Winifred Garcia
Genesee Valley Trust Company decreased The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) stake by 22.84% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Genesee Valley Trust Company sold 372 shares as The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN)’s stock (more…)




Matthew 25 Management Has Lowered Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Position By $2.31 Million, Rand Wealth Has Increased Automatic Data Processing In (ADP) Holding By $1.08 Million
Fonar (FONR) Reaches $26.05 After 5.00% Down Move, MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Had 7 Analysts Last Week
Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Reaches $13.65 After 3.00% Up Move, Acadian Timber (TSE:ADN) Had 2 Bullish Analysts
Green Square Capital Has Lifted Its At&T Com (T) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Upped Amc Networks (Call) (AMCX) Stake By $520,000
American Capital Management Cut Its Verint Systems (VRNT) Holding; Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week
Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Has Cut By $1.20 Million Its Cvs Health Com (CVS) Position, 3 Analysts Covering Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)
Davidson D A & Company Lifted Amgen (AMGN) Stake, Last Week Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Analysts
Davidson Investment Advisors Trimmed Its Potlatch Holdings (New) (PCH) Position, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has Lifted By $2.36 Million Its Netflix (NFLX) Stake
Cypress Capital Group Upped By $2.96 Million Its Microsoft (MSFT) Stake, 4 Analysts Are Bullish TopBuild (BLD) Last Week
Df Dent & Co Has Increased Tyler Technologies (TYL) Position; Orasure Technologies (OSUR) Sentiment Is 1.24
Santa Barbara Asset Management Boosted Monsanto Co (MON) Stake By $3.81 Million; Belmond Limited (BEL) Shorts Raised By 7.01%
United Capital Financial Advisers Lowered Its Mainsource Financial Group (MSFG) Holding; Shorts at BEIERSDORF A G (BDRFF) Raised By 1.69%
Chilton Investment Co Has Trimmed Hunt J B Trans Svcs (JBHT) Holding By $430,874; Commscope Holding Company (COMM) Has 1.62 Sentiment
Chilton Investment Co Has Lifted Its Pepsico (PEP) Position, RENAULT SA EUR3.81 (RNSDF) Had 1 Bulls
Vertex One Asset Management Upped Golar Lng Partners LP (GMLP) Holding; Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises (BW) Shorts Up By 1.24%
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Upped Oasis Petroleum  (OAS) Stake, Hyster-yale Materials Handling Has 0.77 Sentiment
Horizon Kinetics Boosted By $2.15 Million Its Royce Micro (RMT) Position; Turtle Creek Asset Management Has Boosted Pra Group (PRAA) Position
Contour Asset Management Cut Computer Sciences (CSC) Position, Abraxas Petroleum (AXAS) Has 1.34 Sentiment
Schneider National (SNDR) Reaches $21.64 After 8.00% Up Move; Haverford Trust Company Has Lifted Its Pfizer (PFE) Position






 





Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Granite Construction (GVA)’s Sentiment Is 1.31


Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Reaches $1.20 52-Week Low; Bioscrip (BIOS) Shorts Lowered By 1.46%


Genesee Valley Trust Company Has Cut The Priceline Group (PCLN) Holding By $544,980, BIOCORRX (BICX) SI Decreased By 81.82%


Matthew 25 Management Has Lowered Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Position By $2.31 Million, Rand Wealth Has Increased Automatic Data Processing In (ADP) Holding By $1.08 Million


Fonar (FONR) Reaches $26.05 After 5.00% Down Move, MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Had 7 Analysts Last Week


Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Reaches $13.65 After 3.00% Up Move, Acadian Timber (TSE:ADN) Had 2 Bullish Analysts


Green Square Capital Has Lifted Its At&T Com (T) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Upped Amc Networks (Call) (AMCX) Stake By $520,000


American Capital Management Cut Its Verint Systems (VRNT) Holding; Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week


Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Has Cut By $1.20 Million Its Cvs Health Com (CVS) Position, 3 Analysts Covering Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)


Davidson D A & Company Lifted Amgen (AMGN) Stake, Last Week Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Analysts







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact

















VAN HULZEN ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC Private Fund Manager Profile | PredictiveOps





































VAN HULZEN ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC
doing business as VAN HULZEN ASSET MANAGEMENT






 
Follow


Has Potential Conflicts




Firm Overview
VAN HULZEN ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser (RIA). The firm is based in EL DORADO HILLS CA UNITED STATES. As of the firm's last SEC filing on May 25, 2017, the firm has 12 employees and has $588 Million in Regulatory Assets Under Management (RAUM).






Form ADV Summary as of May 25, 2017














Address Information



MAIN ADDRESS

4370 TOWN CENTER BLVD.

SUITE 220

EL DORADO HILLS
CA
95762

UNITED STATES

(916) 608-4284

View on Map





Adviser Information


Legal Name
VAN HULZEN ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC
Business Name
VAN HULZEN ASSET MANAGEMENT
Jurisdiction/Type

CA
Limited Liability Company

Website(s)

http://www.vaminvest.com


SEC Status
Registered - Approved
Registration Date
2003-03-14




Registration Information


SEC Number
801-61884
CRD Number
116632
Public Reporting Company
No
CIK Number

LEI Number





Legal Structure and Domicile


Legal Structure

Limited Liability Company


Legal Domicile Country
United States
Legal Domicile State/Province
CA




Key Figures Summary


Regulatory Assets Under Management (RAUM)
587,793,652.00
Number of Employees

12
(Advisory: 9)

Number of Clients
More than 100
Number of Accounts
1206




Services, Fees, and Clients



Services Offered



Financial Planning
Portfolio Management - Small Businesses
Portfolio Management - Investment Companies/Business Development Companies
Other (CONSULTING SERVICES)


Fee Type Charged



Percentage of AUM
Hourly Charges
Performance-based Fees
Other (CONSULTING FEES)


Client Types



Individuals (non-High Net Worth)
Individuals (High Net Worth Only)
Registered Investment Companies
Pension and Profit Sharing Plans
Charitable Organizations
Corporation or other Business





Significant Red Flags



Disclosure Reporting Pages (DRPs)



None


Potential Conflicts



Transactions in Recommended Securities
Recommend Sales in Interested Securities
Uses Related Broker Dealer
Recommends Related Broker Dealers to Clients
Related Person is Qualified Custodian





Back to Top








Books and Records Locations


BARDIN FINANCIAL SERVICES

711 COURT STREET

JACKSON
California
95642

UNITED STATES

Phone: (209) 223-1225

Fax: (209) 223-1360

VAN HULZEN ASSET MANAGEMENT

950 IRON POINT RD

SUITE 290

FOLSOM
California
95630

UNITED STATES

Phone: (916) 608-4284

Fax: (916) 608-4296





Back to Top








Control Persons


Direct Owners

BRADLEY ROBERT NICHOLSON

VICE PRESIDENT (since 01/2008)

Ownership Percentage: More than 5% but less than 10%

CRAIG DENNIS VANHULZEN
CONTROL PERSON

MANAGING MEMBER (since 01/2000)

Ownership Percentage: More than 50% but less than 75%

JOHN ROBERSON PEARCE

MANAGING DIRECTOR (since 07/2010)

Ownership Percentage: Less than 5%

STEFANUS TEN BRINK
CONTROL PERSON

CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER (since 01/2015)

Ownership Percentage: Less than 5%

WEDBUSH, INC.
CONTROL PERSON

PASSIVE (since 07/2011)

Ownership Percentage: More than 25% but less than 50%


Indirect Owners

EDWARD WILLIAM WEDBUSH
CONTROL PERSON

MAJORITY SHAREHOLDER (since 11/2004)

Owned through: WEDBUSH INC.

Ownership Percentage: More than 50% but less than 75%





Back to Top








Other Offices


Public Office

711 COURT STREET

JACKSON
California
95642

UNITED STATES

Phone: 209-223-1225

Fax: 209-223-1360





Back to Top








Relying Advisers


MW INVESTMENT STRATEGY
WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC.




Back to Top









View Source Data and Changes














Van Hulzen Asset Management, LLC                                                                                         - Jackson                                           , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Jackson



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Van Hulzen Asset Management, LLC
                                    



 





















V 


Van Hulzen Asset Management, LLC                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



711 COURT ST JACKSON, CA 95642
Get Directions



(209) 223-1225
www.vaminvest.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $170,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Craig Van Hulzen                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005, Van Hulzen Asset Management, Llc                                                                                         has been providing Investment Advice from Jackson. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







V

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















































	Van Hulzen Launches Iron Horse Fund | PLANSPONSOR






















Menu


















Newsletter 

Latest Newsdash
LATEST (b)LINES
Newsdash ARCHIVE
(b)LINES ARCHIVE
Newsdash Weekend ARCHIVE
Subscribe


Magazine 

Latest Issue
Past Issues
Subscribe to PS











Search










 








Products
Van Hulzen Launches Iron Horse Fund 
July 12, 2011 (PLANSPONSOR.com) - Northern California-based Van Hulzen Asset Management, LLC, and New York-based Witter Partners LLC have announced the launch of the Iron Horse Fund.
By PLANSPONSOR staff editors@plansponsor.com | July 12, 2011 






















  














According to a recent press release, the mutual fund will
invest in dividend‐paying U.S. equities and use call options with the purpose
of reducing portfolio volatility and creating incremental income. Van Hulzen is
adviser to the fund, and Witter Partners is the firm’s strategic distribution
and marketing partner. Van Hulzen claims it will employ its proprietary risk
management process, which targets lower portfolio volatility compared to the
S&P 500 Index and other equity indexes. The strategy focuses on adding
income by investing in dividend‐paying equities, as well as writing options on
both individual stocks and stock indexes. Call options give other investors the right to purchase securities
that are owned by the fund at a higher price in the future; the fund receives
income when it gives that right. By selling the right to purchase a stock, the
fund forgoes a portion of its uncertain price appreciation with a goal of
higher current income. Options are considered "covered" when the fund
owns the stock at the time it sells the option. If the fund sells a position,
it will buy back the call options. “We are delighted to joint venture with an innovative
investment adviser who has managed a covered call strategy in separate accounts
for years,” said Raymond Godfrey, Managing Partner and Chairman of Witter
Partners. “The Iron Horse Fund seems especially timely and suitable in the
current market environment. We believe this new fund will have strong appeal
for conservative investors seeking a disciplined strategy for capital
appreciation and lower volatility.”  -Sara Kelly



Tagged: Investments 

 







related articles
related research

most e-mailed



Investment FocusMoney Market Vs. Stable Value


From plansponsor.com

How Hybrid QDIAs Could Be Beneficial to ParticipantsPlan Sponsors Looking to Enhance Fixed Income Strategies Investment Products and Services LaunchesDC Plan Menus Evolve to Meet Participant Demands Investment Manager and Recordkeeper Changes Driven by FeesTrustee Found Liable for Diversification Failures 





Investment FocusMoney Market Vs. Stable Value


From plansponsor.com

2013 PLANSPONSOR DC Survey: Plan Benchmarking






Investment FocusMoney Market Vs. Stable Value


From plansponsor.com

Investment Manager and Recordkeeper Changes Driven by FeesGuidelines for Keeping HSAs Not Subject to ERISAAICPA Proposes Framework for Valuation of Certain Financial InstrumentsWashington University in St Louis Faces 403b Plan LawsuitContinuing Public Pension Reforms Could Hurt the Economy



go to news topic 
 



SPONSORED MESSAGES







 


Get PLANSPONSOR Email   


*
*

 NewsDash (i)PLANSPONSOR’s Newsdash: The industry’s leading daily source for information focused on the critical issues impacting benefits industry professionals.
 (b)lines(i)PLANSPONSOR's (b)lines: The newsletter designed to help 403(b) plan managers and advisers stay on top of the fast moving changes and developments in this evolving market.
 Thought Leadership(i)PLANSPONSOR’s Thought Leadership: Monthly round-up of sponsored thought-leadership Q&As, interviews and videos.



 

Most popular

Most Read 
Most E-mailed 
1Data and ResearchInvestment Manager and Recordkeeper Changes Driven by Fees2Deals and PeopleRetirement Industry People Moves July 17 to July 223ComplianceGuidelines for Keeping HSAs Not Subject to ERISA4Research2017 Recordkeeping Survey5Compliance401k Nondiscrimination Tests Explained1Data and ResearchInvestment Manager and Recordkeeper Changes Driven by Fees2ComplianceGuidelines for Keeping HSAs Not Subject to ERISA3InvestingAICPA Proposes Framework for Valuation of Certain Financial Instruments4ComplianceWashington University in St Louis Faces 403b Plan Lawsuit5BenefitsContinuing Public Pension Reforms Could Hurt the Economy



 

Upcoming Events
More Events 





Thought Leadership  Roundtables

Eliminating a Fiduciary Blind SpotSponsored by New York Life MainStay InvestmentsCorporate Tax Cut? Profit Repatriation?  Rising Interest Rates? Sponsored by Pacific LifeStable Value Protection and Growth: Not Mutually ExclusiveSponsored by MetLife

More Thought Leadership 







Plansponsor Interview Spotlight

Re-enrollment & Financial Wellness: An interview with Charlie Nelson of Voya Financial. Pt.1Sponsored by Voya Financial

More videos 









Home
Administration
H/R Benefits
Investing 
Deals and People 
Products
Compliance
Data and research 
Participants


News & Columns
Events & webcasts
Research
Video
Newsletter
Thought Leadership
Magazine

view desktop versionBack To Top 





  

BrightScope
CIO
FWW
Global Custodian
Investor Economics
LiquidMetrix
Market Metrics
Matrix Solutions
PLANADVISER
Plan For Life
PLANSPONSOR
Simfund
The Trade

Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations. 
















































Van Hulzen Asset Management |




















Van Hulzen Asset Management



Who We Are
What We Do
Why Us
Contact Us
Resources











How can we help you
Institutional Investor
Individual Investor









Welcome
Since 1998, the professional team at Van Hulzen Asset Management has dedicated their careers to the service of its institutional and individual clients.
We invite you to learn more about our services and why hundreds of investors have chosen Van Hulzen Asset Management as their investment manager.

 








Van Hulzen


Copyright © 2017 Van Hulzen Asset Management


Request a free professional opinion of my current portfolio
















Van Hulzen Asset Management - Institutional Covered Call Strategies –





















 







Van Hulzen Asset Management Institutional
 

What We Do
Specializing in low volatility equity allocations for institutional mandates, Van Hulzen Asset Management (VAM) has over 15 years experience in managing an active covered call strategy.
VAM has extensive experience with institutional investor mandates. We offer a covered call strategy in an SMA format as well as a covered call mutual fund.
Covered Call Team


Covered Calls Explained
A covered call strategy, also known as a “buy-write” strategy, owns a portfolio of equity securities and “covers” them with options for the purpose of generating income, hedging and producing improved risk-adjusted outcomes for equity allocations. 
Today’s macro environment, with historically low yields and elevated risks, is particularly well suited for covered call strategies, as these strategies typically offer a lower risk allocation for equity portfolios and a high yield alternative for fixed income allocations.
Covered Call Positioning


Our Covered Call Strategy
Van Hulzen’s Covered Call strategy is an institutional-quality covered call portfolio in the actively-managed space. The portfolio consists of high quality equities, driven by a sound fundamental framework, and a call option writing process that seeks to increase income, probability of positive outcomes and to reduce overall portfolio volatility.
The strategy does not chase option yield or seek to add alpha through quantitative option analytics. It is a pure, simple and successful buy-write portfolio built from the bottom up.

Covered Call Investment Process


Market Watch
S&P 5002472.10     -0.13%^BXM1321.03     -0.04%NASDAQ6374.6768     -0.12%GLD120.69     +0.75%OIL5.23     +1.55%2017-07-28 16:38
Categories

Covered Call Commentary

In The News

Macro Commentary

Money Show Interviews

White Papers



Search this Site

  Recent Posts


Van Hulzen Covered Call Strategy – How Covered Call Benefit a Clients Portfolio


Q1 2017 Covered Call Commentary



 Read More Articles

Call: (916) 608-4284
Van Hulzen Asset Management
Send Us An Email
Firm ADV Part 2A















SuperValu Inc. (SVU) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc































HOME
Contacts 












IsmBoard
 Saturday , July 29, 2017   







Markets
Culture&Arts
Technology
Sci-tech
Sport
Global
Medicine
National
 



 ﻿





Markets

SuperValu Inc. (SVU) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc


July 28, 2017 10:19·




Press coverage about SuperValu (NYSE:SVU) has been trending somewhat positive recently, according to Accern Sentiment Analysis. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 40,059 shares of the company's stock worth $155,000 after buying an additional 1,050 shares during the period. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC's holdings in SuperValu were worth $350,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.
Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in SuperValu during the fourth quarter valued at about $14,230,000.The stock shows a Short Ratio of 4.14 with the total number of Shares Short (Previous Month) of 21.47 Million. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 109,000 shares of the company's stock worth $421,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Midwest Bank Trust Division boosted its position in SuperValu by 2.7% in the second quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 256,799 shares of the company's stock valued at $991,000 after buying an additional 64,302 shares during the last quarter. Strs Ohio increased its position in shares of SuperValu by 6.0% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of OH now owns 31,755 shares of the company's stock worth $123,000 after buying an additional 1,687 shares during the period.The Average Volume for 10 days is 5.03 Million for Supervalu Inc (NYSE:SVU). SuperValu Inc. The stock has a market capitalization of $866.42 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 1.323 and a beta of 2.03. The firm's 50-day moving average price is $3.37 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.76.

Scaramucci alerting Federal Bureau of Investigation  about financial 'leaks'
					But the revelations are likely to draw questions about whether his tenure at the White House will be a long one. Gerstman has done projects for the Trump Organization and is a neighbor and longtime friend of Scaramucci's.
				Shares of SuperValu (SVU) opened at 3.58 on Friday. The company reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts' consensus estimates of $0.10 by $0.01. SuperValu had a return on equity of 220.54% and a net margin of 4.46%. The firm had revenue of $4 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.91 billion.Diluted EPS for trailing twelve months is 2.45 and Quarterly Earnings Growth year over year is 1051.9 Percent. However a year ago for the same quarter the company has reported $-0.44 EPS.According to the analysts, Supervalu Inc (NYSE:SVU) is expected to announce $0.04/share EPS for the current quarter.ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: "Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $350,000 Position in SuperValu Inc". First Midwest Bank Trust Division now owns 104,551 shares with a value of $344,000. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and global copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/27/supervalu-inc-svu-shares-sold-by-ubs-asset-management-americas-inc-updated.html.

Freeport-McMoran Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (FCX)
					Van Hulzen Asset Management Llc bought 40,265 shares as the company's stock declined 21.33% while stock markets rallied.  McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. increased its position in shares of Freeport-McMoran by 30.0% in the first quarter.
				Several analysts have weighed in on SVU shares. On July 29 the company was upgraded from "Underweight" to "Equal-weight" and a price target of $9.00 was set by Morgan Stanley. Pivotal Research reissued a "buy" rating and issued a $5.50 target price on shares of SuperValu in a report on Wednesday. Finally, Guggenheim restated a "neutral" rating on shares of SuperValu in a report on Wednesday, April 19th.SUPERVALU Inc. has a consensus outperform rating from 10 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares now sold short amount to at least 8.05% of shares outstanding. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company.Taking a glance at where the stock might be directed in the future, on a consensus basis, the sell-side has a 52 week price target of $5.13 on the stock, this valuation is based on 8 number of opinions. The Company's segments include Wholesale and Retail.

Coalition may refer Malcolm Roberts to the High Court over citizenship
					He became an Australian citizen in May 1974 and has since only travelled on an Australian passport. The issue isn't whether Roberts "believes" he was a British citizen, and thus ineligible, or not.
				



Recommended News









28 July 2017




Nick Philippoussis pleads not guilty to child sex abuse charges
				According to the San Diego County Sheriff's Department, Nick Philippoussis worked as a personal tennis coach in North County. Greg Rylaarsdam. "In this particular case we are in the infancy of the investigation", Lt Rylaarsdam said.			








28 July 2017




Clay Helton says OJ Simpson won't be around the USC program
				Simpson was granted parole earlier in July after spending more than eight years in prison for a 2008 armed robbery. Coach Clay Helton says that the school wishes to distance itself from the former Heisman Trophy victor .			








28 July 2017




Japan's jobless rate drops to 2.8 percent in June
				Australia will provide Q2 numbers for producer prices; in the three months prior, prices were up 0.5% on quarter and 1.3% on year. The number of workers was 65.83 million, up 610,000 from a year ago, with both regular and non-regular workers increasing.			










28 July 2017




Maruti Suzuki net rise slows to 4.4% on GST, expenses
				The company during April-June, sold a total of 3,94,571 vehicles, including 26,140 in overseas markets. Maruti Suzuki shares closed at 7592.3 rupees, up 0.19%, on the BSE after the results were announced.			






BidaskClub Lowers Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) to Strong Sell
				Illinois-based Guggenheim Capital Ltd Liability Corporation has invested 0% in KCG Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) or 13,778 shares. The Company's packaging products are produced for a range of end uses and are manufactured in facilities around the world.			






Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) Position Boosted by Bank of Hawaii
				Their average price target spell out an upbeat performance - a 8% and would give TMO a market capitalization of almost $75.9B. The stock of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE:TMO) shares with value of $498,667 were sold by HOOGASIAN SETH H .			










28 July 2017




Officer Dies After Being Shot Multiple Times in Indianapolis
				A police officer died on Thursday after he was shot multiple times after responding to a auto crash outside of Indianapolis. His death is a shocking and tragic reminder of the hard , often risky work of police officers across Marion County.			






Brokerages Expect iRobot Corporation (NASDAQ:IRBT) to Post -$0.25 EPS
				Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 24,519 shares of the company's stock, valued at $2,063,764.23. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link .			








28 July 2017




Aaron Judge chips tooth while celebrating Yankees walk-off HR
				And when Gary Sanchez hit a seemingly harmless grounder toward the shortstop, it certainly seemed as though the game was over. But Sabathia then gave up back-to-back doubles to Hechavarria and Peter Bourjos to slice the Yankees' lead to 3-2.			










28 July 2017




Watch Shania Twain's New 'Life's About to Get Good' Music Video
				Shania Twain has hammered a final nail into the coffin of her marriage to record producer Mutt Lange in a breezy new video. That's where she takes fans in the official music video for her new album's lead single.			








28 July 2017




Man accused of killing son for compromising photos
				After blaming Hall for Dylan's death, Redwine backtracks, saying, "Maybe now isn't the time to be taking the polygraph test". According to the incitement, Hall told authorities that Redwine would " kill the kids before he let her have them ".			








28 July 2017




Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Stake Increased by Grimes & Company Inc
				The ratio is negative, as 1 hedge funds increased or started new positions, while 1 sold and decreased holdings in Growlife Inc. Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Inc increased Amazon Com Inc Com ( AMZN ) stake by 12.74% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing.			










Follow Us!















Join The Conversation

We are pleased to provide this opportunity to share information, experiences and observations about what's in the news. 
	Some of the comments may be reprinted elsewhere in the site or in the newspaper. 
	Thank you for taking the time to offer your thoughts.
    













Trending on ismboard.com





News Chronicle



Antonio Conte wants to sign Harry Kane 
				If their ambitions are to win or fight for the title or try to win the Champions League , you must buy expensive players.   If they go out after the first game that they play in the Europa League and go down against Gent, it's not a tragedy.

Trump's Middle East aide ousted from Natl Sec Council 
				A statement issued by NSC spokesman Michael Anton said that McMaster "greatly appreciates Derek Harvey's service to his country". In a statement, Harvey described the decision to leave as his own, and said it came with "mixed emotions".

Sammy Watkins breaks silence on first day of training camp 
				Saying he wants to stay in Buffalo "forever", Watkins says it's on him to earn his next contract. But after multiple questions about the injury, Watkins' stance became more blunt.

Redskins Training camp begins Thursday 
				So we want to make sure he's 100 percent before we get him going. "Should be about a week or so, we're hoping".   "I don't know that I've ever bet on myself", he said. "I feel good", Cousins told the media Thursday.

Kashmir: the creation of a new jihadist movement linked to Al-Qaeda 
				Wani's killing sparked months of widespread protests against Indian rule and left almost 100 civilians dead and thousands injured. The announcement comes after Zakir Musa quit the Hizbul Mujahideen in May after differences with the group.

Google Search Result For Jets Owner Shows Tom Brady 
				Someone must have hacked the system, as the New England Patriots quarterback momentarily appeared on top of the page. The inquiry now yields Gang Green's actual owner, Woody Johnson , but Twitter documented the short-lived change.

Penn National Gaming (PENN) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 
				MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd bought a new position in shares of Penn National Gaming during the first quarter worth about $22,228,000. The stock of Penn National Gaming, Inc (NASDAQ:PENN) earned "Outperform" rating by Telsey Advisory Group on Friday, October 28.

Kim Jong-Nam murder trial to start in October 
				North Korea has refused to accept the dead man was Kim Jong Un's half brother, suggesting instead he died of a heart attack. Shah Alam High Court judge Justice Azmi Ariffin set the date for the trial, reports The Malaysian Star daily.

Here's Why Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Rose as Much as 26.8% Today 
				Price T Rowe Associates Inc Md owns 0% invested in Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc ( NASDAQ : TTPH ) for 16,800 shares. Teza Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals by 8.9% in the first quarter.

Worth Observing Stock: CSX Corporation (NASDAQ:CSX) 
				BidaskClub raised shares of CSX Corporation from a "buy" rating to a "strong-buy" rating in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website .








Tendencies





		Investigation as 'evil' men film shark being dragged by speedboat	






		RBS share price: Bank moves closer to avoiding W&G sale	






		Allow special counsel to finish essential job	



		Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Cuts Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL)	






		3 arrests in sex work ring across Nevada, California, Texas	






		Porsche expected to leave WEC by end of year	






		Tag: white house special counsel	



		Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc	



		Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Insider Jean Philippe Courtois Sells 26763 Shares	






		Repeal-And-Replace Effort In Senate Still Dominated By Confusion	






		Re: 7/27/17 Letter-McCain's votes count more than his words	






		Scaramucci doubles down on complaints of leaks	






		Metal Index Hits 34-month High; Hindalco, Vedanta At 52-week High	






		Traders Sell Shares of Chevron Corporation (CVX) on Strength (CVX)	



		James Investment Research Inc. Raises Position in First Solar, Inc. (NASDAQ:FSLR)	



ismboard.com in social









 

 



﻿ 







Home

Contacts 









Copyright © 2017 — ismboard.com. All Rights Reserved


 




