










 



Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017













 



 Optivest Inc., Mark  Van Mourick,  























  A publisher of Business Information since 1983    



  









 
            





Search Business
		    
				Search Executive
		    

        

  Advanced Search








 
                 




 | 
		 
						
   							Sign In
   					
			 | 
	    Hints





    







Company Name
Optivest Inc.
 
 














 Address

	        
				
						24901 Dana Point Harbor Dr.		        	
				
							Ste. 230		        	
					
							
						
	        
					
			
					
					 	
					 		Dana Point,
					 		
					 
					 
					 
					
           					 California
           			
	    			
	    			
         					92629
         					
	    				
	    			
	    					
	    				
	    			
	    			         		
	    			
	    				
	       				 United States
						         
				



Email
  N/A
Phone
 1-949-363-8686


Website


							        www.optivestinc.com
							        

Fax

							         1-949-363-1133














            Summary            
      Executive Details      









Business Information
															The group's principal activity is to provide investment advisory services. The group provides fiduciary wealth and investment management services to some of the wealthiest individuals and families in the country. The group operates from the United States.   
															






                       
																Executive Information                                                                
															



																Name

																Title
															

																Email
															

Ashlee HenemyerOperations Administrator N/A  Mark Van MourickCEO, Pres. N/A  Warren AllanPres. N/A  Florica IacobCFO N/A  Leslie CalhounVP N/A  

 
												



 
									Company Size
								

  Sales Range Below 10 Millon    Employee Range  Below 25
   

 
											
										
										  

TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW
TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW



Click for more Executives 


















       Financial Summary       
        Income Statement        
         Balance Sheet         
         Cash Flows         
          Ratios          







































                                              FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLYCLICK HERE TO
                                              
                                              SUBSCRIBE NOW























           
 
 
Home   |   About Us   |   Product Information    |   Subscription   |  List Builder    |  Executive List    |   Email Lists      |  Contact Us   |   Site Map   |  
 Browse Directory    




 

 &nbsp   ©
 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.

  






NSA Mark van Mourick Insider Trades for National Storage Affiliates Trust


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































National Storage Affiliates Trust

                  NYSE: NSA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

National Storage Affiliates Trust



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:48 p.m.


NSA

/quotes/zigman/47098161/composite


$
22.34




Change

-0.17
-0.74%

Volume
Volume 9,132
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/47098161/composite
Previous close

$
			22.28
		


$
				22.51
			
Change

+0.23
+1.03%





Day low
Day high
$22.11
$22.57










52 week low
52 week high

            $18.81
        

            $26.15
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Mark van Mourick



Mr. Mark van Mourick is Chairman at Optivest Properties, LLC, Chief Executive Officer at Optivest, Inc., and Chairman at Optivest Foundation. He is on the Board of Directors at National Storage Affiliates Trust, Simple Signal, Inc., Northrise University Initiative, and Forest Home.
Mr. van Mourick was previously employed as Senior Vice President & Principal by Smith Barney Harris Upham & Co., Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Southern California.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/28/2015
800


 
Acquisition at $13 per share.


10,400





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Arlen D. Nordhagen 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Steven B. Treadwell 
Senior Vice President-Operations




Mr. Tamara D. Fischer 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Mark  van Mourick 
Trustee




Mr. Kevin M. Howard 
Trustee




Mr. Brandon  Togashi 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Ms. Marti J. Dowling 
Director-Investor Relations




Mr. Dominic M. Palazzo 
Independent Trustee




Mr. Steven G. Osgood 
Independent Trustee




Mr. Chad L. Meisinger 
Independent Trustee




Mr. Paul W. Hylbert 
Lead Independent Trustee




Mr. George L. Chapman 
Independent Trustee









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:04 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































































Van Mark Products





























Designed for Contractor and DIY service, the Mark II
                        TrimMaster® has all the features
                        necessary to handle residential roofing, windows, and siding jobs.






July 2017 Promotion
Get $75 or $50When you purchase a Industrial Metal Master® 20 EZ or Mark IV Industrial TrimMaster® with the Van Mark TrimCutter™







Incorporating the best locking system with the deepest throat in the portable brake industry. Specifically designed for the Metal Roofing and Post Frame Building’s Painted steel bending needs.
IM1055 shown with the optional TrimCutter™ and MultiGauge™






Trim-A-Table™ 60
Engineered to be the ultimate siding saw table.
TAT60 shown with Steel Metal Legs






Trim-A-Gutter™
Form profitable custom gutter hoods from trim-coil and gutter coil on the job site.
TAG50 shown with optional UniLeg™New! Gutter Hood Clips Available,  Click Here for more information






The Strongest
                        Magnetic Sweep
Industry's strongest magnet assembly, built for rugged durability, and unique foot or hand debris release, makes this tool the best value for the money.




Finding the right brake to fit your needs


Mark II TrimMaster®
Industrial Metal Master® 20 EZ










14" Throat Depth
20" Throat Depth


Our most popular residential brake
Our most popular industrial brake


PRODUCT PAGE
PRODUCT PAGE


Can't decide? let us help you find the brake that suits your needs.
  Call us at 1-800-VAN-MARK (826-6275)

About Van Mark Products
The Ma✔k of Quality
We are manufacturers of portable bending brakes, saw tables, slitters and gutter hood roll forming tools for the construction trades. We sell our tools through authorized distributors worldwide. In business for over 50 years, we have made a name in the industry by providing the strongest portable bending brakes found anywhere in the world.
LEARN MORE ABOUT US













Mark Van Mourick - Founder at Optivest, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Mark Van Mourick
Founder at Optivest, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Awards & Honors 


Mark Van Mourick
Founder at Optivest, Inc.



 Overview



Age



60
                                  (Born 1957)
                                              




Notable Companies


Optivest Foundation

Optivest Properties LLC

Optivest, Inc.




Awards



3





Board Seats



8





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 140 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
January 26, 2017





                        Optivest Wealth Management Announces Celebratory Open House                    





PR Newswire
March 17, 2015





                        Optivest Wealth Management carves out unique business model: "Putting 10% of every client's fee toward philanthropy": In a world where increased competition for asset gathering and performance metrics is affecting the wealth management industry, one financial advisor takes a different path through establishing a clinic in Indonesia to treat malaria-stricken lives and engaging in numerous other pro                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Warren W. Allan

President of Optivest Properties LLC at Optivest, Inc.




Trish Van Mourick

Member, Board of Directors at Optivest Foundation





James West

Member, Board of Directors at Optivest Foundation




Stephen R. Bowie

Former Partner at Pacific Development, Inc.





Dominic M. Palazzo

Former Audit Partner at Pricewaterhousecoopers LLC




Kevin M. Howard

Chief Executive Officer at Northwest Self Storage





Brandon Togashi

Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President & Controller at National Storage Affiliates Trust




James Eaton

Elder at Good Sheperd Presbyterian Church - Los Alamitos, CA





Carrie E. Carlander McQueen

Chief Financial Officer at Ciphrex Corporation




George L. Chapman

President at Crestview North, Inc.







See 130 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 130 More 


 


 Paths to Mark Van Mourick



            Mark Van Mourick          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Mark Van Mourick






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Mark Van Mourick.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Management 


University of Southern California

                  University of Southern California is a private research university that mainly offers undergraduate, graduate & other higher education. The university was founded in 1880 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.                





 Career History



Founder

                                    1993 - Current                


Optivest, Inc.


                  Optivest, Inc. is a private company headquartered in Dana Point, CA. The firm provides investment advice. It was founded by Mark van Mourick, he is the current CEO, occupying that position since 1987.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Optivest Foundation






Chief Executive Officer

                                    2007 - ?                


Optivest Properties LLC






Senior Vice President & Principal

                                    Prior                


Smith Barney Harris Upham & Co., Inc.







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Trustee

                    2015 - Current                  


National Storage Affiliates Trust

                    National Storage Affiliates Trust operates as a real estate investment trust. It focuses on the ownership, operation, and acquisition of self-storage properties located within the top 100 metropolitan statistical areas throughout the United States. The company was founded by Arlen D. Nordhagen in April 2013 and is headquartered in Greenwood Village, CO.                  




Chairman

                    2007 - Current                  


Optivest Properties LLC






Director

                    Current                  


Simple Signal, Inc.

                    Simple Signal, Inc. provides cloud-based hosted unified communications and collaboration services to deliver voice, video, and mobile communications for businesses in the United States and Canada. It offers hosted PBX, enterprise unified communication, mobility, virtual call center, video and audio conferencing, integration, disaster recovery, analytics, video, virtual call center, backup and storage, fax to email, network services, SIP trunking, desktop, collaboration, and integration solutions; video PBX telephony over iPads, iPhones, and Android mobile devices that can connect with various brands of video conferencing equipment; and video conferencing products in an outsourced Video-as-a-Service solution without on-premise video infrastructure. The company was founded by Dave Gilbert in 2004 and is headquartered in Dana Point, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Northrise University Initiative






Director

                    Current                  


Forest Home






Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Optivest Foundation






Director

                    Current                  


Forest Home Foundation






Director

                    Current                  


Northrise University







 Political Donations



$1,500

                  2012                


Mitt Romney







$250

                  2012                


Craig Huey







$500

                  2010                


Charles Kong Djou


                  Major at US Army Reserve                




$1,000

                  2006                


California Republican Party


                  California Republican Party (CRP) is the California affiliate of the United States Republican Party. The party chairman is Jim Brulte, and is based in Burbank, California, a suburb of Los Angeles. The CRP also has a headquarters in Sacramento.

The party looks to enhance economic prosperity within the state, cut taxes, and eliminate government waste. The CRP is active throughout the entire state of California and is the majority party in many counties. The party also prides itself on "providing common sense solutions to the most troubling issues."                




$2,100

                  2005                


John Bayard Taylor Campbell III


                  Former Representative from the 70th District at California State Assembly                






See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 






 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




Series 24 - General Securities Principal

                                    Sponsored by
                  Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.






                  Professional Certification                




Series 7 - General Securities Representative

                                    Sponsored by
                  Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.






                  Professional Certification                




Series 63 - General Securities Representative

                                    Sponsored by
                  Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.






 Other Affiliations




              Mark Van Mourick is affiliated with
                            Optivest, Inc., Optivest Foundation, Optivest Properties LLC, Smith Barney Harris Upham & Co., Inc., National Storage Affiliates Trust, Optivest Properties LLC, Simple Signal, Inc., Northrise University Initiative, Forest Home, Optivest Foundation, Forest Home Foundation, Northrise University.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









