

Vanderbilt Industries | Security Systems & Solutions





























Your browser does not support the video tag. I suggest you upgrade your browser.

AboutContact
English DeutschEspañolFrançaisItalianoSvenskaUSA Website 
Portals

USA Website 


Security Solutions to Meet Your RequirementsAgile, Adaptable, Dependable




Home
About
Contact
Products 
Access Control
Intrusion Detection
Video Management
Sectors
Resources
Events
News
English 
DeutschEspañol
Français
Italiano
Svenska
USA Website 
Portals
 Where To BuyEasy to install, Easy to integrate, Easy to useReady for any challengeAccess ControlSecurity and accessibility in perfect harmonyMore Information
Intrusion DetectionFor superior detection and high false alarm immunityMore Information
Video ManagementVanderbilt’s video product range cater for any size projectMore Information
We provide solutions for

HealthcareHealthcare
Check out some of the best ways to safely secure your staff & patients.
Read More


RetailRetail
See how our products can impact positively on your business, big or small.
Read More


EducationEducation
Learn how you can safeguard your students and staff with solutions…
Read More


PharmaceuticalPharmaceutical
See how our solutions can be the medicine for your needs.
Read More


ManufacturingManufacturing
Measure how our solutions are suitable for a wide variety of environments.
Read More


TransportationTransportation
Find out how we helped secure some of the busiest places in the world.
Read More


CorporateCorporate
Our flexible solutions fit commercial business in a fast-paced world.
Read More


Leisure & TourismLeisure & Tourism
See the solutions provided in an environment where people go for peace of mind.
Read More


GovernmentGovernment
Check out our great public record with official buildings in the public sector.
Read More


Civil DefenseCivil Defense
See how our products are always ready-for-action in adaptable and…
Read More


BankingBanking
Examine why our solutions are always a solid investment for your future.
Read More


DomesticDomestic
Gain insight into our safe home solutions that operate with maximum efficiency.
Read More
We provide solutions for many sectors
View AllGlobal Integration PartnersVanderbilt are committed to being adaptable and agile by offering customers fully integrated solutions when needed. Here are some of our integration partners.










View All
Get our latest news 
straight to your inbox
SPC ConnectSPC Connect is an innovative remote management toolMonitor, manage and maintain SPC panels from any location with internet accessThe system is scalable, secure, stable and future proofedStreamline and grow your business as never beforeSPC is one of the most secure intrusion product ranges availableFind Out More


Play Video


The demand of hospital environments means Access is essential
Many sectors have complex needs for role-based access control. For example, in…
Read More


Maximizing Security at Major Sporting Events
How does a host city or country maximize safety and security at a major…
Read More


SPC & KNXlogic: A combination that delivers convenience and safety
In today’s technologically driven culture of consumer demand, the integration…
Read More
What our customers say“ACT’s software allowed us to easily install and maintain the ACTpro range for multiple locations using one system. The ACTpro range gives us the flexibility to meet any access control challenge, regardless of location.”Dickran Bledjian- MD of Maxima Systems“We know the guys at ACT are at the end of the phone if we need them. If we have any issues or question about the software they are more than happy to help. Having that level of customer support available to us is important. It means we can offer the same quality of support to our clients, and in such a competitive market, that makes a difference.”Colm Daly, DC Security- Galway Credit Union“We are always looking to improve security and to move with the times. This is why we’ve chosen an access control system that uses the latest technology and is fully expandable.”Barry Gendron, Head of Security- The Ritz London



View All





Meet Us At
View All

25 Jul
2017
United Kingdom
Norbain Roadshow - Birmingham


26-28 Jul
2017
Australia
Security Expo Sydney


6-7 Sep
2017
Sweden
Skydd & Säkerhet 2017


13 Sep
2017
United Kingdom
Norbain Roadshow - Leeds


26-28 Sep
2017
United States of America
ASIS 2017 - Dallas


27-28 Sep
2017
Denmark
SecurityUser EXPO


26 Oct
2017
United Kingdom
ADI EXPO – North


14-17 Nov
2017
Switzerland
SICHERHEIT  Zürich


15-16 Nov
2017
France
DATA CENTER WORLD – Paris





































View All
Get in Touch

DeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoSvenska


Portals
Loyalty Program
Twitter
Vimeo
LinkedIn
Youtube© Copyright Vanderbilt Industries 2017.
Web Design Dublin
Careers
Legal
Sitemap





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version




















Vanderbilt Financial Group | The Sustainable Broker Dealer | Investments | Life Insurance | Annuities | Accounting
























































 












631-845-5100
info@vanderbiltsecurities.com



Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Instagram


  





Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Instagram



  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 










 

 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 










 


 
 
 
 






 

Vanderbilt Financial Group is an Independent Broker Dealer doing business differently than anyone else in our field. We are constantly learning and applying new ways of doing things- whether it’s learning a new program that improves our business, infusing gamefication into our workplace, or becoming a sustainable and green firm, we are passionate about being a modern pioneer and different kind of broker dealer. We are a unified team driven by shared values of; gratitude, respect, innovation, teamwork, and trust. At Vanderbilt we are focused on finding ways of bettering ourselves and those around us while always applying our values to our clients, our community, and our environment.

 
 
 





Investments
We have over 80 years of collective equity trading and execution experience. Learn More!

 
 
 




Advisory Services
A collaborative atmosphere ensures that teamwork is a core value at Vanderbilt. Learn More!

 
 
 




Life Insurance
We offer a wide menu of term, whole life, universal life insurance products. Learn More!

 
 
 
 





Health Insurance
We provide access to many types of coverage for both large and smaller groups. Learn More!

 
 
 




Annuities
We offer a full menu of Annuity Carriers available to our Financial Advisors. Learn More!

 
 
 




Contact Us
We would love the opportunity to meet with you. CLICK HERE to contact Vanderbilt Financial Group!

 
 
 
 



 
 
The Vanderbilt Difference
We are focused on helping our financial advisors develop their businesses. We have a full team of dedicated staff committed to doing good and compliant business. We are a very progressive, innovative and values driven firm with a strong entrepreneurial spirit. Vanderbilt Financial Group was established in 1965 and is located in Woodbury, New York.

 



 



 




 
 




 
 
 
 







 
 
 
 




Client of Vanderbilt?

CLICK HERE

 
 
 






 

Vanderbilt Financial Group is an independent Broker Dealer that offers innovative solutions to help its independent financial advisor professionals and their valued clients reach new levels of success. Our goal is to help our advisors succeed and to establish a long term and positive partnership.

 


JOIN VANDERBILT 

 
 
 




Copyright 2015 – All Rights Reserved – Vanderbilt Financial Group
125 Froehlich Farm Blvd, Woodbury, NY 11797 | Phone: 631.845.5100

 
 


Vanderbilt Financial Group is the marketing name for Vanderbilt Securities, LLC and its affiliates
Securities offered through Vanderbilt Securities, LLC • Member: FINRA, SIPC • Registered with MSRB
Advisory Services offered through Vanderbilt Advisory Services, LLC
Insurance Services offered through Vanderbilt Insurance and other agencies
Clearing Agent: National Financial Services, LLC | Privacy Policy | SEC Rule 606 | Public BCP

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 





























Vanderbilt Securities LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























vanderbilt securities llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Vanderbilt Securities, LLC operates as an institutional brokerage firm. The Company offers portfolio management, financial planning, and advisory services. Vanderbilt Securities serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

125 Froehlich Farm Blvd
Woodbury, NY 11797
United States


Phone:
1-631-845-5100


Fax:
1-631-845-4531


Web url:
vanderbiltfinancialgroup.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Jurgen Schnobel


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






























































DOB: Vanderbilt Securities LLC - Consent Order















Governor Dannel P. Malloy  
					|
    
















 

Home



About Us

Programs & Services

Forms

Contact Us


  

 
       




Verify a LicenseFind a BankFind a Credit UnionLegal ResourcesEnforcementNewsroomAlertsEmployment OpportunitiesHelpful Links



      


      


 









  














* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
IN THE MATTER OF: 
VANDERBILT SECURITIES, LLC(CRD No. 5953)       
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
**********


CONSENT ORDER
No. CO-14-7988A-S 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT
WHEREAS, the Banking Commissioner (the "Commissioner") is charged with the administration of Chapter 672a of the Connecticut General Statutes, the Connecticut Uniform Securities Act (the "Act"), and Sections 36b-31-2 et seq. of the Regulations of Connecticut State Agencies promulgated under the Act (the "Regulations");
 
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt Securities, LLC ("Vanderbilt") has been registered as a broker-dealer under the Act since April 22, 2002, and maintains its principal office at 125 Froehlich Farm Boulevard, Woodbury, New York 11797;
 
WHEREAS, from June 26, 2006 to November 10, 2011, Vanderbilt maintained a registered branch office at 152 Deer Hill Avenue, Suite 203, Danbury, Connecticut 06812;
 
WHEREAS, Stephen Burton Blankenship (CRD number 2234577) ("Blankenship") was registered as a broker-dealer agent of Vanderbilt under the Act from May 16, 2006 to November 10, 2011 when Vanderbilt filed a Form U-5 (Uniform Termination Notice for Securities Industry Registration) terminating Blankenship's registration with the firm. The Form U-5 stated that Blankenship "violated company procedures, engaged in improper activities through an unaffiliated entity, and is [sic] interfering with company's [sic] investigation";
 
WHEREAS, the Commissioner  acknowledges that, upon ascertaining that Blankenship engaged in improprieties, Vanderbilt immediately notified affected regulatory bodies, including the Securities and Business Investments Division (the "Division") of the Department of Banking;
 
WHEREAS, the Commissioner, through the Division conducted a related investigation pursuant to Section 36b-26(a) of the Act into the activities of Vanderbilt and Blankenship to determine whether they, or any of them, had violated, were violating or were about to violate any provision of the Act or the Regulations thereunder (the "Investigation");
 
WHEREAS, the Commissioner  acknowledges that Vanderbilt facilitated the Division's Investigation by cooperating with the Division and voluntarily providing key information to the Division;
 
WHEREAS, as a result of the Investigation, the Commissioner ascertained that, while associated with Vanderbilt as a broker-dealer agent, Blankenship was the sole managing member and control person of Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company that purportedly provided tax preparation, financial planning and investment advisory services.  Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC maintained its principal office at 152 Deer Hill Avenue, Suite 203, Danbury, Connecticut 06810;
 
WHEREAS, as a result of the Investigation, the Commissioner also ascertained that:  1) Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC violated Section 36b-6(c)(1) of the Act by transacting business as an unregistered investment adviser; 2) Blankenship violated Section 36b-6(c)(1) of the Act by transacting business as an unregistered investment adviser; 3) Blankenship violated Section 36b-6(c)(2) of the Act by transacting business as an unregistered investment adviser agent of Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC; 4) Blankenship violated the antifraud provisions in Section 36b-4(a) of the Act by (a) convincing his brokerage clients at Vanderbilt to transfer their money to Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC with the promise that Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC would invest client monies in established securities and generate a greater rate of return; (b) subsequently misappropriating  at least $600,000 from customers and clients of Vanderbilt and another broker-dealer with whom Blankenship had been associated; (c) misrepresenting to customers and clients that he invested their funds in established profit­ generating securities when, in fact, Blankenship did not make such investments; (d) making unauthorized withdrawals from customer and client funds for Blankenship's personal use and/or to reimburse other customers and clients for unauthorized  accounts [sic] withdrawals he made; and (e) creating fictitious account statements reflecting incorrect account values, incorrect deposit sources and nonexistent investments, and forwarding those statements to customers and clients; and 5) Blankenship and Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC violated the advisory antifraud provisions in Section 36b-5(a) of the Act;
 
WHEREAS, as a result of the Investigation, the Commissioner further ascertained that:  1) while associated with Vanderbilt, Blankenship was permitted to sign his own name to client check request forms and IRA distribution request forms which were used to send funds from client brokerage accounts at Vanderbilt to client bank accounts.  Blankenship then directed affected clients to make investment payments by check to Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC, and Blankenship then used the monies to make lulling payments to earlier investors and to pay Blankenship's personal expenses; 2) while Blankenship was associated with Vanderbilt, Vanderbilt did not maintain or review electronic communications, relayed through Blankenship's Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC e-mail address, between Blankenship and both Vanderbilt customers and Vanderbilt operations personnel; and 3) although Vanderbilt was aware of Blankenship's outside business activity through Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC, Vanderbilt did not take additional monitoring steps that might have prevented Blankenship's misappropriation  of client funds;
 
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt maintains that 1) Blankenship was permitted to sign his own name on behalf of clients for check request forms; 2) that such forms were used to send funds from client brokerage accounts at Vanderbilt only to client bank accounts of record at the firm; and 3) the firm received no customer complaints regarding this practice until a customer's daughter called in with an inquiry which triggered the investigation resulting in Blankenship's  immediate  termination;
 
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt also maintains that, upon discovery of Blankenship's  alleged activity, Vanderbilt immediately contacted several agencies to seek assistance and guidance, including the State of Connecticut Office of the Attorney General (through which Vanderbilt was directed to the Securities and Business Investments Division of the Department of Banking), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the United  States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Danbury Police Department, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), a department of the United States Treasury;
 
WHEREAS, as a result of the Investigation, on August 31, 2012, the Commissioner entered a Consent Order (Docket No. CO-12-7988-S) with respect to Blankenship and Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC.  The Consent Order 1) revoked Blankenship's registration as a broker-dealer agent; and 2) permanently barred both Blankenship and Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC from transacting business in or from Connecticut as a broker-dealer, agent, investment adviser or investment adviser agent, and from soliciting or accepting funds for investment purposes from public or private investors in or from Connecticut;
 
WHEREAS, on December 5, 2012, the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut sentenced Blankenship to 41 months in prison following a guilty plea to one count of federal mail fraud (18 U.S.C. §1341) and one count of federal securities fraud (15 U.S.C. §78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5) (United States of America v. Stephen Blankenship, D. Conn., Case No. 3:12CR197 (VLB)). The court also directed Blankenship to pay a $7,500 fine and make restitution in the amount of $607,516.81. The factual charges set forth in the related Information focused on Blankenship's business activities alone and while associated with Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC, Vanderbilt and another securities brokerage firm;
 
WHEREAS, the Commissioner now alleges that, as more fully set forth herein, Vanderbilt violated Section 36b-31-6f of the Regulations;
 
WHEREAS, if proven, the alleged violations of Section 36b-31-6f of the Regulations by Vanderbilt would support the initiation of administrative proceedings to suspend or revoke Vanderbilt's registration as a broker-dealer in Connecticut pursuant to Sections 36b-15(a)(2)(B) and 36b-15(a)(2)(K) of the Act, as well as a basis for imposing a fine pursuant to Section 36b-27(d) of the Act;
 
WHEREAS, an administrative proceeding initiated under Sections 36b-15 or 36b-27 of the Act would constitute a "contested case" within the meaning of Section 4-166(2) of the Connecticut General Statutes;
 
WHEREAS, Section 4-177(c) of the Connecticut General Statutes provides, in relevant part, that "[u]nless precluded by law, a contested case may be resolved by . . . consent order";
 
WHEREAS, Section 36b-31(a) of the Act provides, in relevant part, that "[t]he commissioner may from time to time make . . . such . . . orders as are necessary to carry out the provisions of sections 36b-2 to 36b-34, inclusive";
 
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt and the Commissioner now desire to resolve the foregoing allegations without the need for administrative proceedings, and agree to the language in this Consent Order;
 
WHEREAS, the Commissioner acknowledges that Vanderbilt and another securities brokerage firm reimbursed affected investors for 100% of the financial losses they incurred as a result of Blankenship's  misconduct;
 
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt has represented to the Division that it has repaid affected investors $303,758.20;
 
WHEREAS, the Commissioner finds that the entry of this Consent Order is necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors and consistent with the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act;    
CONSENT TO WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt, through its execution of this Consent Order, voluntarily waives the following rights:





1.
To be afforded an opportunity for a hearing within the meaning of Sections 36b-15(f) and 36b-27(d)(2) of the Act, and Section 4-177(a) of the Connecticut General Statutes;

2.
To present evidence and argument and to otherwise avail itself of Sections 36b-15(f) and 36b-27(d)(2) of the Act, and Section 4-177c(a) of the Connecticut General Statutes;

3.
To present its position in a hearing in which it is represented by counsel;

4.
To have a written record of the hearing made and a written decision issued by a hearing officer; and

5.
To seek judicial  review of, or otherwise challenge or contest, the matters described herein, including the validity of this Consent Order.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE COMMISSIONER'S ALLEGATIONS 
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt, through its execution of this Consent Order, without admitting or denying any of the allegations or findings herein and solely for the purpose of obviating the need for formal administrative proceedings on the matters described herein, acknowledges the following allegations of the Commissioner:





   
In contravention of Section 36b-31-6f of the Regulations, and based upon the activities of Stephen Burton Blankenship and/or Deer Hill Financial Group, LLC, Vanderbilt failed to establish, enforce and maintain a system for supervising the activities of its agents and its Connecticut office operations reasonably designed to achieve compliance with applicable securities laws.  Such conduct, if proven, would constitute a basis for an order suspending or revoking Vanderbilt's registration as a broker-dealer in Connecticut pursuant to Sections 36b-15(a)(2)(B) and 36b-15(a)(2)(K) of the Act and an order imposing a fine pursuant to Section 36b-27(d) of the Act;
WHEREAS, if the foregoing allegations were proven, the Commissioner would have the authority to enter findings after granting Vanderbilt an opportunity for a hearing;
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt acknowledges the possible consequences of an administrative hearing and voluntarily agrees to consent to the entry of the sanctions described below;
WHEREAS, through its execution of this Consent Order, Vanderbilt represents to, and specifically assures the Commissioner that none of the violations alleged herein shall occur in the future;
CONSENT TO ENTRY OF SANCTIONS 
WHEREAS, Vanderbilt, through its execution of this Consent Order, consents to the Commissioners entry of a Consent Order imposing on it the following sanctions:





1.
Vanderbilt, its officers, representatives, agents, employees, affiliates, and successors in interest shall refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in conduct constituting or which would constitute a violation of the Act or any regulation or order under the Act, including failing to establish, enforce and maintain a system for supervising the activities of its agents and its Connecticut office operations reasonably designed to achieve compliance with applicable securities laws; and

2.
Within sixty (60) days from the date this Consent Order is entered by the Commissioner, Vanderbilt shall hire a consultant, not unacceptable to the Division Director, to review Vanderbilt's supervisory and compliance procedures and make written recommendations concerning implementing such additional procedures as are necessary to ensure compliance with all applicable securities laws, regulations and administrative orders.  The review shall focus on the adequacy and effective implementation of safeguards to prevent recurrence of the conduct described in this Consent Order.  No later than ninety (90) days following the Commissioner's entry of this Consent Order, Vanderbilt will provide the Division Director with (a) the completed consultant's report; (b) a summary of the recommendations therein contained; (c) the date(s) each recommendation will be implemented and (d) if any recommendations  are not to be implemented, the reasons therefor.  The Division will return the report to Vanderbilt within forty-five (45) days after the Division receives it. The Division reserves the right to request that the report be resubmitted at a later date, in which case Vanderbilt shall immediately abide by such request.
CONSENT ORDER 
NOW THEREFORE, the Commissioner enters the following:




1.
The Sanctions set forth above be and are hereby entered;   

2.
Entry of this Consent Order by the Commissioner is without prejudice to the right of the Commissioner to take enforcement action against Vanderbilt based upon its violation of this Consent Order or the matters underlying its entry if the Commissioner determines that compliance with the terms herein is not being observed; if any representations made herein by Vanderbilt are subsequently discovered to be untrue; or if Vanderbilt fails to make payment to any Affected Investor in accordance with this Consent Order;

3.
Vanderbilt shall not take any action or make or permit to be made any public statement denying, directly or indirectly, any allegation in this Consent Order or creating the impression that this Consent Order is without factual basis.  Nothing in this paragraph affects Vanderbilt's (i) testimonial obligations, or (ii) right to take legal or factual positions in defense or prosecution of litigation of other legal proceedings to which the Department is not a party; and

4.
This Consent Order shall become final when entered.
 




So ordered at Hartford, Connecticut
     
_______/s/_________

this 8th day of October, 2014. 
   
Howard F. Pitkin 

 
 
Banking Commissioner 

 
CONSENT TO ENTRY OF ORDER 
I, Stephen A. Distante, state on behalf of Vanderbilt Securities, LLC that I have read the foregoing Consent Order; that I know and fully understand its contents; that I am authorized to execute this Consent Order on behalf of Vanderbilt Securities, LLC; that Vanderbilt Securities, LLC agrees freely and without threat or coercion of any kind to comply with the terms and conditions stated herein; and that Vanderbilt Securities, LLC voluntarily consents to the entry of this Consent Order, expressly waiving any right to a hearing on the matters described herein.    

 




    
Vanderbilt Securities, LLC

  
  

    
          

By  
_______/s/_____________


Stephen A. Distante

 
Chief Executive Officer
On this 30th day of September 2014, personally appeared Stephen A. Distante, signer of the foregoing Consent Order, who, being duly sworn, did acknowledge to me that he was authorized to execute the same on behalf of Vanderbilt Securities, LLC, a limited liability company, and acknowledged the same to be his free act and deed, before me.


 




          

____/s/_______________________

Notary Public

My Commission Expires:  11/03/16        



Administrative Orders and Settlements 

Printable Version  


  







260 Constitution Plaza, Hartford, CT 06103-1800 / Phone:  800-831-7225Home | CT.gov Home | Send Feedback | Login |  
					RegisterState of Connecticut Disclaimer, Privacy Policy, and Web Site Accessibility Policy.  Copyright Š 2002-2017 State of Connecticut. 














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Vanderbilt Securities, LLC                                                                                               - Woodbury                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Woodbury



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            Vanderbilt Securities, LLC
                                    



 





















V 


Vanderbilt Securities, LLC                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



125 FROEHLICH FARM BLVD WOODBURY, NY 11797
Get Directions



(516) 496-2019
www.vanderbiltsecurities.com                                                                            





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,634,300.00
 Employee Count 16
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts Stephan Distante                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2001 the company has been providing Security Brokers And Dealers. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







V

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    