    Keith VandeStadt | American Institute of Certified Tax Coaches | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Keith A Vandestadt, 52  - Cincinnati, OH | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 KV


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Keith Vandestadt
 Cincinnati, OH
 Age: 52 -
								11/07/1964









AKA:
                                                Keith A Stadt, Keith A Vande, Keith Vande Stadt, Stadt Keith Vande, Keith A Vande stadt, Keith A Vandestadt













Work Info








                                    Single






Has Kids






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Keith










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(513) 678-****









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











11*** **** Rd


Cincinnati, OH 45230







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Cincinnati
, OH.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Cincinnati
, OH.
         is related to
                Aidan Vandestadt.
        















About & Contact Information


Keith's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Cincinnati
, OH.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Cincinnati
, OH.
         is related to
                Aidan Vandestadt.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
11*** **** Rd
Cincinnati, OH
View Address


Past Address
72*** **** Ln




Cincinnati
, OH
View Address


Past Address
3*** **** St




Indianapolis
, IN
View Address


Past Address
38*** **** Ave




Cincinnati
, OH
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(513) 678-****



                                                     
                                                            Previous Phone Number
                                                        
(317) 638-****





    Keith may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Keith's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Keith may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Keith may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Keith may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Keith may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Keith may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Keith's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Keith may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Keith may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Keith's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Keith Vandestadt's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Keith










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Keith may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Keith. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Keith may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Keith may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Keith may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Keith may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 AV

Aidan Vandestadt

                                            Cincinnati, OH



 BV

Barrett Vandestadt

                                            Cincinnati, OH




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Keith may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Keith build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Keith Vandestadt
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Keith's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Keith have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Keith
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Keith

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Keith

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Keith?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Keith Vandestadt?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Keith 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Keith .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Keith Vandestadt
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Keith Vandestadt's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Keith's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Keith Vandestadt











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Keith



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Keith Vandestadt











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 21:08:11 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 










VANDESTADT KEITH A SC 13G Filing Concerning FGCO on 2016-09-30  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active


















Schedule  13G















Filed by:


					VANDESTADT KEITH A
				


Total Shares:

                          2,821,510
			


Subject Company:


					Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.
                  -
                  View Complete Ownership History

          Backtest
        



Filed as of Date:
11/16/2016


Event Date:
09/30/2016


Overall % Ownership:
8.1


Reporting Persons



Name
SoleVoting Power
SharedVoting Power
SoleDispositive Power
SharedDispositive Power
AggregateAmount Owned
Percentof class


Keith VandeStadt
2,821,500
0
2,821,500
0
2,821,510
8.1%





					View Original Filing on Edgar's
				


Raw Filing Contents
0001683168-16-000687.txt : 20161116
0001683168-16-000687.hdr.sgml : 20161116
20161116131129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000687
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	SC 13G
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161116

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001377167
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				204057712
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 13G
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-89703
		FILM NUMBER:		162001955

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 N. WATTERS ROAD, SUITE 120
		CITY:			ALLEN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75013
		BUSINESS PHONE:		469-342-9100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 N. WATTERS ROAD, SUITE 120
		CITY:			ALLEN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75013

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PACIFIC OIL Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRAIRIE WEST OIL & GAS, LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KAT Racing, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061002

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VandeStadt Keith A
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001690239

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 13G

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 N. WATTERS RD, STE. 120
		CITY:			ALLEN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75013


SC 13G
1
vandestadt_sc13g.htm
SCHEDULE 13G



 
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
SCHEDULE 13G
 
Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Amendment No. _)*
 
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc -
POIL
 

(Name of Issuer)
 
Common Stock
 

(Title of Class of Securities)
 
694719204
 

(CUSIP Number)
 
Dave Crowley – 800 N. Watters Road
Suite 120 Allen TX 75013 – 1 (469) 342 - 9100
 

(Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person
Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications)
 
September 30, 2016
 

(Date of Event which Requires Filing of this
Statement)
 
Check the
appropriate box to designate the rule pursuant to which this Schedule is filed:
o  Rule 13d-1(b)
o  Rule 13d-1(c)
o  Rule 13d-1(d)
 
* The remainder of this cover page shall be filled out
for a reporting person's initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities, and for any subsequent amendment
containing information which would alter disclosures provided in a prior cover page.
The information required on the remainder of this cover page shall
not be deemed to be "filed" for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Act") or
otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions of the Act (however,
see the Notes).
 
 


   
 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 

CUSIP No. 694719204
 
13G
 
Page 2 of 5 Pages

 
 
 
 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 

1.
 

NAMES OF REPORTING PERSONS
        I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY)


Keith VandeStadt
 
 

2.
 
CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP
(see instructions)
(a)    ¨
(b)    ¨
 
 

3.
 
SEC USE ONLY
 
 
 

4.
 
CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION
 
USA
 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 

NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH
 
5.
 
SOLE VOTING POWER
 
2,821,500

 
6.
 
SHARED VOTING POWER
 
00,000

 
7.
 
SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER
 
2,821,500

 
8.
 
SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER
 
00,000

 


 
 
 
 
 

9.
 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON 

2,821,500
 
 

10.
 
CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (9) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES
(see instructions)    ¨
 
 

11.
 
PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (9) 

8.1%
 
 

12.
 
TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (see instructions) 

IN
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

   
 

 


 
 
 
 
 

CUSIP No. 694719204
 
13G
 
Page 3  of 5
    Pages

 
 
 
 
 

Item 1.


 
(a)
Name of Issuer
Pacific Oil Company - POIL

 
 
 

 
(b)
Address of Issuer’s Principal Executive Offices
800 N. Watters Road Suite 120 Allen TX 75013

 
 
 

Item 2.


 
(a)
Name of Person Filing
Keith VandeStadt

 
 
 

 
(b)
Address of the Principal Office or, if none, residence
2619 Erie Ave, Suite 2B, Cincinnati, Ohio 45208

 
 
 

 
(c)
Citizenship
USA

 
 
 

 
(d)
Title of Class of Securities
Common Shares

 
 
 

 
(e)
CUSIP Number
694719204

 
 
 

Item 3.  If this statement is filed pursuant to §§240.13d-1(b)
or 240.13d-2(b) or (c), check whether the person filing is a:


 
(a)
¨
Broker or dealer registered under section 15 of the Act (15 U.S.C. 78o).

 
 
 
 

 
(b)
¨
Bank as defined in section 3(a)(6) of the Act (15 U.S.C. 78c).

 
 
 
 

 
(c)
¨
Insurance company as defined in section 3(a)(19) of the Act (15 U.S.C. 78c).

 
 
 
 

 
(d)
¨
Investment company registered under section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-8).

 
 
 
 

 
(e)
¨
An investment adviser in accordance with §240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(E);

 
 
 
 

 
(f)
¨
An employee benefit plan or endowment fund in accordance with §240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(F);

 
 
 
 

 
(g)
¨
A parent holding company or control person in accordance with §240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(G);

 
 
 
 

 
(h)
¨
A savings associations as defined in Section 3(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813);

 
 
 
 

 
(i)
¨
A church plan that is excluded from the definition of an investment company under section 3(c)(14) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-3);

 
 
 
 

 
(j)
¨
Group, in accordance with §240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(J).

 
 
 
 

 
 

   
 

 


CUSIP No. 694719204
 
13G
 
Page 4
    of 5 Pages

 
Item 4.  Ownership.
Provide the following information regarding the aggregate number
and percentage of the class of securities of the issuer identified in Item 1.


 
 
 
 
 

 
(a)
 
Amount beneficially owned:  2,821,500

 
 
 
 
 

 
(b)
 
Percent of class:  8.1%

 
 
 
 
 

 
(c)
 
Number of shares as to which the person has:  2,821,500

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(i)
Sole power to vote or to direct the vote 2,821,500.

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(ii)
Shared power to vote or to direct the vote 0.

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(iii)
Sole power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 2,821,500.

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(iv)
Shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 0.

 
 
 
 
 

Instruction. For computations regarding securities which
represent a right to acquire an underlying security see §240.13d-3(d)(1).
 
Item 5.  Ownership of Five Percent or Less of a Class.
 
If this statement is being filed to report the fact that as of the
date hereof the reporting person has ceased to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of the class of securities, check
the following     ¨.
 
Instruction. Dissolution of a group requires a response to
this item.
 
Item 6.  Ownership of More than Five Percent on Behalf
of Another Person.
 
Item 7.  Identification and Classification of the Subsidiary
Which Acquired the Security Being Reported on By the Parent Holding Company.
 
Item 8.  Identification and Classification of Members
of the Group.
 
Item 9.  Notice of Dissolution of Group.
 
Item 10.  Certification.


 
 
 
 

 
(a)
 
The following certification shall be included if the statement is filed pursuant to §240.13d-1(b):

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
By signing below I certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the securities referred to above were acquired and are held in the ordinary course of business and were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing the control of the issuer of the securities and were not acquired and are not held in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having that purpose or effect.
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
(b)
 
The following certification shall be included if the statement is filed pursuant to §240.13d-1(c):

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
By signing below I certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the securities referred to above were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing the control of the issuer of the securities and were not acquired and are not held in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having that purpose or effect.
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 

   
 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 

CUSIP No. 694719204
 
13G
 
Page
    5 of 5  Pages

 
 
 
 
 

After reasonable inquiry and to the best of
my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.


 


11/8/2016
Date

 


/s/ Keith
        VandeStadt
Signature

 


Keith VandeStadt
Name

 

 









Elevate your investments
Try it for free
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















About Us | Tax Coach






















































Stock Symbol: FGCO













login

































About TaxCoach™






Our Mission
To improve your satisfaction with your working life by helping you build the business of your dreams—by showing your clients how to save tax dollars and getting compensated for your advice.
 
Our Story
Back in 2001, Ed created his “Instant Tax Relief” product to sell at seminars. After many requests for this valuable tax advice, he realized that these tax saving reports could be customized for his personal clients. As crude as those first plans looked, clients loved them. No one had ever seen anything like it. Finally, a plan to beat the IRS. Legally!
In 2002, he prepared a tax plan for his friend and neighbor, Keith VandeStadt. Ed restructured his business to simplify his accounting, implemented a medical expense reimbursement plan, and showed him how to shift some of his personal expenses to his business return. Basically, the plan saved him a small fortune.
So when it came time to formalize the planning service and develop the TaxCoach™ system, Keith was a natural partner. He had seen the strategies work himself, and as a systems professional, he knew how to create the mechanics. After polishing the system and adding business-building resources, Ed and Keith launched TaxCoach™ in 2005.
Ed has personally consulted with hundreds of tax business owners and listened as they have shared how they’ve fine-tuned our system for real-world results. So now, TaxCoach™ has grown way beyond just “tax planning software.” It’s become a complete practice development system with hundreds of tools for tax business owners, including marketing guides, copy samples, document templates, tax strategy implementation guides, instructional webinars, regular member Q&A call-ins, consultations, and regional and national events.
In 2010, Financial Gravity CEI John Pollock joined TaxCoach as a member and immediately saw how he could take advantage of the TaxCoach system to grow his financial advisory business. John built a complete marketing and service system around TaxCoach and used it to establish Financial Gravity as the leader in proactive tax planning for business owners clients.  It made sense for TaxCoach to partner with Financial Gravity to expand its service offerings to its members.
Our members represent a diverse group of small practice owners, who together make up a national community through which they share stories and advice. We know TaxCoach™ works because that’s what our members tell us. Read the testimonials to learn how TaxCoach™ members just like you have used our system to transform their businesses – and their lives.











Edward A. Lyon, JD
Ed is an authority on tax planning – an author, consultant, speaker, and a co-founder of TaxCoach™ Software, LLC. He’s actively involved in mentoring members during our weekly Member Call-Ins and through individual coaching with advanced TaxCoach™ members. Ed is also the Chief Tax Strategist for Financial Gravity.  Ed leads the effort in ensuring that the latest tax practices are researched and provided to all members. He’s a member of many elite tax groups, as well as small business owner mentoring networks.
Ed has written seven books on tax and financial planning, and is a sought-after speaker to accountants, financial professionals, and business owners throughout the country. He has appeared on over 300 radio and television broadcasts, with over two dozen national television appearances, including interviews on CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, and CNBC.

 
								








Keith A. VandeStadt, CPA
Keith is our member services guru and serves as the systems expert and Chief Operating Officer of TaxCoach™. Keith understands the challenges business owners face and has a knack for taking complex projects and creating concise plans and elegant solutions.
As a TaxCoach™ co-founder and systems expert, Keith engineered the software on which the TaxCoach™ planning applications operate. He is actively involved in member support and communication.
Keith’s career prior to TaxCoach™ spanned eight years in management consulting with Price Waterhouse, and another eleven years as an independent consultant in financial systems design. Over his consulting career, his clients ranged from state governments to corporations such as Procter & Gamble, NCR, and Kodak.









Lisa S. Wells, CPA, MBA
Lisa brings 20 years of marketing, strategic management, and financial experience to her role as the Marketing Vice President for TaxCoach™. Her expertise and passion for driving sales growth and championing new products keeps TaxCoach™ on the forefront of the latest business and marketing strategies. She also shares her experience by educating future entrepreneurs as an adjunct professor in Indiana Wesleyan University’s MBA and BA programs.
Lisa has worked for Johnson & Johnson, Quaker Oats, and IPSOS Marketing Research, directing strategic plans resulting in substantial profit and brand share gains despite formidable competitive pressures. Lisa is also a former manager for KPMG Peat Marwick and a financial planning manager for the Coca Cola Bottling Company of NY. Following this experience, she earned an MBA in finance and marketing from Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Business.









Robert Gambardella, CPA
Robert is a consultant for TaxCoach™ and is the owner of a successful tax practice in Shelton, CT, Concierge Tax Services, LLC. Robert left a position as a corporate controller to build his tax practice from scratch. He replaced his corporate salary in less than two years, attributing much of that success to things he learned from TaxCoach™. He has sold over $100,000 in TaxCoach™ tax plans, and is an All-Star member and a consultant for other TaxCoach™ members and staff. New members are eligible for a complimentary business consultation with Robert, to help identify ways in which TaxCoach™ can grow their businesses.






Join over 5,000 tax professionals.

Download our free report, 7 Secrets to Year-Round Revenue.

Download your Free Report!

You’ll also get our TaxCoach™ Briefs: tax marketing strategies delivered weekly to your inbox.










TaxCoach Software, LLC2619 Erie Avenue Cincinnati, OH 45208(513) 321-2820(888) 591-6751



Product
The Software
The Marketing Support
The Community
Testimonials
Pricing
Sign Up
 

Reference
About Us
Contact Us
Resources
Blog
Networker
All-Stars Program
 





















TaxCoach Software






If images are not visible, please make sure they are enabled in your email browser.











KEITH VANDESTADT RETIRES?Edward A. Lyon, JD, CTC
Last week's Briefs, headlined "Ed Lyon Retires," attracted more "opens" than any previous issue in six years. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not! (I believe it was the British philosopher Joe Strummer who once sang "Should I Stay or Should I Go?") I'll be intrigued to see how many of you open this week's email hinting at Keith retiring.
Here at TaxCoach, we're always curious about things like email open rates. We've marketed ourselves through direct mail, pay-per-click, and trade shows. (I'd be willing to test smoke signals and carrier pigeons if I really thought there was a shot they would work.) Sweating over details helps us evaluate every marketing dollar we spend, and we want to make sure we're not wasting any of them. Testing and measuring play a big role in that effort.
Our advertising consultants at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce tell us the ad world is divided into two playgrounds. There's "image" advertising — the kind that big dumb companies like Coca Cola and Proctor & Gamble do to make us aware of their products and brands. And there's "direct response" advertising — the kind that Vince from Sham-Wow does to get us to actually buy. Both types have their place — but it's my firm belief that folks like us just don't have the coin to play the "branding" game. (Our new Marketing Director, Lisa Wells, comes from a Fortune 500 background, where nothing gets done without meetings, committees, or focus groups. She's slooooowly getting me to see the value in branding, but she agrees that for companies like ours, it's a side benefit of direct-response marketing, not something we should be throwing money at for its own sake.)
Many of you are enjoying the fruit of a successful tax season, wondering what you're going to do for the rest of the year. I've talked with several All-Stars and Press Club members about launching midyear marketing campaigns. And I hate to see you waste your money almost as much as I hate to waste my own.
At TaxCoach, marketing online makes it easy for us to test and measure. We can see exactly how many of our visitors sign up for the Briefs, then track how many of those readers actually join TaxCoach, to determine how much a visitor is worth. Armed with that information, we can make smart decisions about how much we're willing to pay for those visitors. Then it's just a matter of launching campaigns, tracking results, and refining our efforts with new information.
It's not quite as easy to do all that for a personal service practice like yours. But you can take steps to wring the most out of every marketing dollar you spend. Here are some essential rules:

Ask every new prospect and client where they come from. Then write it down, someplace safe where you won't forget it. Don't just file it away in the back of your head. The discipline of writing it down will help turn it into a habit. And you might just be surprised what you learn! (I'm not talking about whether they come from Poughkeepsie or Narragansett. I'm talking about how they found you — internet search? Referral? Seminar?)
Set up tracking mechanisms before you launch a campaign. Are you considering Google Adwords? Great! Do you already know how to access your website's stats package to track results? If not, you might miss out on valuable insights.
Be extra careful before you invest in things like billboards, roadside signs, or Yellow Pages ads with no mechanism for tracking leads. There may still be a place for them in your marketing budget — just understand that you'll have to work harder to track down the information that tells you whether you're spending your money wisely.
Focus on ROI, not response rate. If I had a dime for every time a TaxCoach member asked me what response rate they should expect from their direct-mail efforts, I'd have at least enough for a roll of stamps. Seriously, though, that's the wrong question. I could tell you that TaxCoach members typically draw between ½% and 2%, depending (more than anything else) on the quality of their list. But what does response percentage mean, anyway? You can't pay for gas or groceries with response percentage. And you can still lose money on a campaign with a great response rate. What you really care about it whether your investment in acquiring your next client is worth it — and by how much.

When you get home from work today, there's going to be a Capital One credit card offer waiting for you in your mailbox. (The real mailbox at the end of your driveway, not the one on your computer.) You might think that's dumb, considering you just threw away the offer they sent yesterday, and ignored the three they sent last week, too. But Capital One isn't dumb at all. Their analysts are slicing and dicing test results like Oakland A's manager Billy Beane in Moneyball. As Wikipedia says:

"Capital One has been aggressive about testing since the firm was founded, testing everything from product design to marketing to customer selection to collection policies. In a single year, the company performs tens of thousands of tests, allowing it to offer thousands of different types of credit cards to customers, based on the knowledge gained from their tests. Richard Fairbank, CEO of Capital One, called test and learn 'a marketing revolution that can be applied to many businesses.'"

You don't have to test like Capital One to succeed with direct marketing. But testing and measuring will help you market, effectively and with confidence. And it'll tell us who you really want to see retired!


NEW! TAX STRATEGY REFERENCE LIBRARYEdward A. Lyon, JD, CTC
The TaxCoach planning system offers over 120 one-page strategy modules on tax-saving concepts and strategies like S Corporations, 105 plans, closely-held insurance companies, and the like. It's a wealth of information for any client looking to minimize their tax bill, and the system produces reports that make you look like a hero.
Up until now, the only way to access those strategies has been to open a client and generate an actual plan. But now, as part of our spring "renovation," Keith has added a new tax strategy "library" that lets you click on any individual module to quickly review and print — without having to create a client record and run a planning report.
When you log into the Home Page, you'll find a link to the module library at the bottom of the "Implementing the Strategies" heading:

Not sure which module you need? No problem! Our new "search" function lets you enter a term and instantly see which modules include that term — in any part of their text! Keith's been strutting around here ike a peacock, so proud of the machinery behind the keyword search that he's almost become insufferable. We've already heard from TaxCoach members telling us it's a terrifically useful feature. So we hope it helps you put more fingers on more critical help for your clients.















MEMBER SUCCESS STORYEdward A. Lyon, JD, CTC
Here's a story from this week's TaxCoach University class that pretty much speaks for itself:

"Ed, go ahead & tell them how I spent the first 20 year of my practice "giving it away" & very sucessfully built EXACTLY THE PRACTICE I DIDN'T WANT TO OWN! And tell them how you & I sat down & calculated I had given away well over $750,000 of fees. But then also tell them I became a CTC in January 2011 & really started applying the Tax Coach Tax Plan approach. Then finally tell them I billed over $50,000 in 2011 just for Tax Plans."
Doug Wamsley, CTC
Athens, GA

I love it when it's not just us saying it — and it happens all the time!

MEMBER NEWSEdward A. Lyon, JD, CTC

TaxCoach University: Spring Quarter is moving forward  . . . Class is back in session! On Tuesday, May 15, at 2pm Eastern, we'll be presenting TaxCoach 905: Introduction to Long-Term Care. Adjunct professor John Sherman is President of The LTC Experts, LLC, and formerly managed AARP's LTC insurance program for Met Life. He'll walk us through today's LTC landscape, with a special focus on what to expect from Washington. Clients are worried about this stuff, which makes this valuable information even if you don't sell LTC coverage.  
Remember, you can view the archived classes anytime in the "TaxCoach University" section of TaxCoach. But Tuesday's class will be live for your questions and comments. See you then!
Member Call-In: Our next Member Call-In is Wednesday, May 16, at 1pm Eastern. Catherine already has you signed up — just mark your calendar for Wednesdays and keep an eye out for the reminder email from GoToWebinar.com! 
All-Stars and Press Club Members: The playback of this week's webinar is now available on the All-Stars page. Watch as Joseph Conrad, a CTC practicing in Seattle, outlines how he took what he described as an ordinary filing-oriented business and transformed it into a monthly money machine. Don't miss the discussion!
Our next Webinar will be Tuesday, June 12, at 4pm Eastern. Keep an eye out for topic and agenda information!

 


TaxCoach Briefs:Vol. 7, Number 18;May 10, 2012
Keith VandeStadt Retires?
New! Tax Strategy Reference Library
$50,000 in Planning Fees
Member News
Join us on Facebook

Edward A. Lyon, JD, CTC
Publisher
  



Not a member? Click here for your 30-day no-risk trial!




Tax Coach Software, LLC
2619 Erie Ave. Ste. 2D

Cincinnati, OH 45208

513-321-2820


TaxCoach SuperTable
Certified Tax Coach
TaxCoach Wire Service
TaxCoach All-Stars
TaxCoach Press Club
TaxCoach Closely-Held Insurance Company
TaxCoach Briefs archives . . .
©2012 TaxCoach Software, Inc., All rights reserved.













Favorites – Activity – Keith VandeStadt – Financial Gravity Partner Portal






































































 




You are here: Home / Keith VandeStadt

















@keith-vandestadt

active 6 hours ago













ActivityProfileFriends 1Forums






PersonalMentionsFavoritesFriends

Show:

— Everything —
Updates
Friendships
Posts
Comments
Topics
Replies






Sorry, there was no activity found. Please try a different filter.







 






Who’s Online





Recently Active Members










































































































Scroll to top






VANDESTADT KEITH A Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      VANDESTADT KEITH A
                    

•   ALLEN, TX
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Vandestadt Keith A is based out of Allen.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 13D/G filings in our database for Vandestadt Keith A.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from VANDESTADT KEITH A, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




vandestadt keith a


800 N. WATTERS RD, STE. 120

ALLEN
TX
                                                        
                                                    75013









Recent SEC Filings




SC 13G filed on 11/16/2016











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO)




      2,821,510
    



      1
    

      13G
    

      2016-09-30
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















