VanEck Merk Gold Trust ETF FWP Jun  7 2016 | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»VanEck Merk Gold Trust ETF (OUNZ)FORM FWP | Free Writing Prospectus - Filing under Securities Act Rules 163/433Jun  7 2016|About: VanEck Merk Gold Trust ETF (OUNZ)View as PDF

 VanEck Merk Gold Trust (Form: FWP, Received: 06/07/2016 11:21:15) 











	Free Writing Prospectus



	VanEck Merk Gold Trust



	Jan van Eck Discusses a History of Product Innovation



	0001546652


	Pursuant to 433/164


	333-180868



	The Exchange




	CEO Jan van Eck Discusses a History of Product Innovation



	Interview Highlights




	Can you tell us about your firm

	’

	s history with gold? When/how did it begin?


	VanEck launched its first gold fund in 1968. It really came out of a concern for rising monetary supply and the threat of inflation for the 1970

	’

	s.


	It worked out tremendously well

	–

	as gold went from $35 to $800 in the 1970

	’

	s.




	How many assets do you currently have in gold?


	We manage about $10.5 billion dollars in gold share assets which are invested in gold mining companies.


	And we also market a gold bullion fund which is about $120 million dollars.




	If an investor wants to invest in gold or other hard commodities, what vehicles are available?


	We have several ETFs:


	G




	DX


	and


	GDXJ


	and


	OUNZ


	, and they

	’

	re all listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


	GDX is based on a traditional gold miner

	’

	s index. GDXJ is based on a small cap gold miner

	’

	s index and OUNZ is gold bullion that

	’

	s actually deliverable when you want to redeem it. Those are the 3 most liquid vehicles available.


	We also have an actively managed mutual fund, VanEck International Investor

	’

	s Gold.




	How has China

	’

	s economic slowdown affected commodities?


	We

	’

	re very, very bullish on commodities now. The main reason is we think there

	’

	s been a huge shakeout in the supply of commodities. It

	’

	s still happening in some of the metals areas but we think it

	’

	s already happened in oil and gold.


	As long as economic growth is stable; it doesn

	’

	t really need to accelerate. We think commodities should be doing very well from here on out.












	I understand that today

	’

	s bell ringing is not just a


	10 year


	celebration of


	VanEck

	’

	s


	ETF business, as your firm just went through a re-brand. Could you tell us a little bit about the recent changes?


	We

	’

	re very proud of our 60 year old history as a firm. VanEck has been first in several asset classes

	–

	not just gold

	–

	but also early and emerging markets, and China, with some of our ETF offerings.


	Our history is really one of innovation, and we

	’

	re proud to be partners with the New York Stock Exchange to celebrate that.


	We

	’

	ve tried to communicate it a little bit better by shortening our name just to VanEck, and also by rebranding our ETFs using the VanEck name. Now they

	’

	re called VanEck Vector ETFs.




	In your opinion, what

	’

	s next for ETFs? Where do you see the ETF business in 10 years?


	A lot of exposure-type ETFs have been launched, accessing bonds and stock markets. I think what investors are looking for is different kinds of risk exposures. And it

	’

	s very, very early days for that.


	With the currency hedge products, they want to tweak their exposure to different markets in an intelligent way. You can call it smart beta, but that

	’

	s the revolution that we

	’

	re in now.




	Lastly, why did you choose the New York Stock Exchange as your listing venue for this fund?


	It was easy. In the early days we had no idea what we were doing. The New York Stock Exchange was really helpful in educating us on the ETF business. As a partner, they really helped us prepare for our listing and all of the things that were needed to have a successful ETF launch.







	The issuer has filed a registration statement with the SEC for offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents.






























OUNZ stock quote - VanEck Merk Gold Trust price - NASDAQ.com










































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    OUNZ















VanEck Merk Gold Trust Quote & Summary Data  (ETF)


OUNZ 
$12.53
*  
0.09

0.72%
Get OUNZ Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 28, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading OUNZ now
				        




 
 
Community Rating:  



















OUNZ





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    ETF Details
               
        
Summary Quote
ETF Detail
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
        
                ETF NEWS
ETF Headlines
Market Stream
FUNDAMENTALS
Short Interest
Dividend History






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks





























52 WeekLow
















News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off
















1 Year Target





                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 12.54 / $ 12.48




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





25,839





                                        50 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




N/A




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 12.44




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 13.5563 / $ 11.12
                                    


 

Annualized dividend
N/A




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




N/A


Dividend Payment Date
N/A




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




0 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




0






Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting


















Description
The VanEck Merk Gold Trust provides investors with a convenient and cost-efficient way to buy and hold gold through an exchange traded product with the option to take physical delivery of gold.





Underlying Index
LBMA Gold Price


Management Fee
0.4


Asset Class
commodity


Leverage
1
































News for OUNZ









                        The Fed: Between A Boulder And Hard Place And How To Benefit
                    

7/28/2017 5:14:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Top 5 Things To Know In The Market On Friday
                    

7/28/2017 9:11:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Gold's Resilience Remarkable As GLD Holding Falls Further
                    

7/28/2017 7:06:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Gold Prices Stabilize Amid Profit-Taking, U.S. Data On Tap
                    

7/28/2017 5:46:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Demand For Physical Gold Up, Supply Down In First Half Of 2017
                    

7/28/2017 4:58:00 AM - Seeking Alpha




 Subscribe


                More OUNZ News & Commentary



                Read OUNZ Press Releases






























Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$


Quarterly EPS Est:



PEG Ratio:
N/A


Mean Recommendation:





            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































  OUNZ Quote - VanEck Merk Gold Shares Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  VanEck Merk Gold Shares   OUNZ:US   NYSE Arca        12.53USD   0.09   0.72%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   12.48    Day Range   12.48 - 12.54    Volume   25,839    Previous Close   12.44    52Wk Range   11.12 - 13.56    1 Yr Return   -6.63%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   12.48    Day Range   12.48 - 12.54    Volume   25,839    Previous Close   12.44    52Wk Range   11.12 - 13.56    1 Yr Return   -5.43%    YTD Return   10.01%    NAV (on 07/28/2017)   12.4877    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/28/2017)   129.338    Inception Date   05/16/2014    Premium/Discount   0.34%    Average 52-Week Premium   0.02%    Fund Managers   AXEL G MERK    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Expense Ratio   0.40%    3 Mo Return   0.00%    3 Yr Return   -1.32%    5 Yr Return   -                     Profile   VanEck Merk Gold Trust is an exchange-traded fund incorporated in the USA. The ETF provides investors with an opportunity to invest in gold through the Shares and be able to take delivery of gold bullion in exchange for their Shares. The Trust's objective is for the Shares to reflect the performance of the price of gold less the expenses of the Trust's operations.    Address  Merk Investments LLC   Phone  (855)-MRK-OUNZ   Website   http://www.merkgold.com              


VanEck Merk Gold Trust (OUNZ) - Overview






























 










My Account
                        | How to Invest  
            


This page is hosted on the fund section of Merk Funds







Funds     |     
Why Currencies     |     
Why Gold     |     
Insights     |     
About Merk 



Market Data  |  
 Overview  |  
 Guiding Principles  |  
 Taking Delivery  |  
 OUNZ Calculator  |  
 Patent  |  
 OUNZ FAQ 


















Home > Funds > OUNZ > Overview

Print Friendly
















 




Overview
 
 
 Fact Sheet 
 Prospectus 



The VanEck Merk Gold Trust (the “Trust” or "OUNZ") provides investors with a convenient and cost-efficient way to buy and hold gold through an exchange traded product with the option to take physical delivery of gold.
The Trust’s primary objective is to provide investors with an opportunity to invest in gold through the shares and be able to take delivery of physical gold bullion (physical gold) in exchange for their shares. The Trust’s secondary objective is for the shares to reflect the performance of the price of gold less the expenses of the Trust’s operations. 


 
Ticker
OUNZ
 
Exchange
NYSE Arca


 
Expense Ratio
0.40% 
 
Sponsor
Merk Investments LLC










 


For the VanEck Merk Gold Trust℠ delivery application, please click here
Please consult with your tax advisor regarding your individual tax situation. 





 


Click here to download the Adobe® Reader® to view and print PDF's. 
*A delivery applicant must submit a delivery application and payment for the processing and delivery fees to cover the cost of preparing and transporting the gold. The delivery of physical gold to applicants may take considerable time and the delay in delivery could result in losses if the price of gold declines. A share submission is irrevocable.







MERK INSIGHTS









 


 











The material must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus.  Before investing you should carefully consider the VanEck Merk Gold Trust's ("Trust") investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. 

  Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. The Trust is not an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a commodity pool for the purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act.  Shares of the Trust are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds.  Because shares of the Trust are intended to reflect the price of the gold held in the Trust, the market price of the shares is subject to fluctuations similar to those affecting gold prices.  Additionally, shares of the Trust are bought and sold at market price, not at net asset value (“NAV”).  Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
The request for redemption of shares for gold is subject to a number of risks including but not limited to the potential for the price of gold to decline during the time between the submission of the request and delivery. Delivery may take a considerable amount of time depending on your location.
Commodities and commodity-index linked securities may be affected by changes in overall market movements and other factors such as weather, disease, embargoes, or political and regulatory developments, as well as trading activity of speculators and arbitrageurs in the underlying commodities.
Trust shares trade like stocks, are subject to investment risk and will fluctuate in market value. The value of Trust shares relates directly to the value of the gold held by the Trust (less its expenses), and fluctuations in the price of gold could materially and adversely affect an investment in the shares. The price received upon the sale of the shares, which trade at market price, may be more or less than the value of the gold represented by them. The Trust does not generate any income, and as the Trust regularly issues shares to pay for the Sponsor’s ongoing expenses, the amount of gold represented by each Share will decline over time. Investing involves risk, and you could lose money on an investment in the Trust. For a more complete discussion of the risk factors relative to the Trust, carefully read the prospectus. 
This content is published in the United States for residents of specified countries. Investors are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this content. Nothing in this content should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any investment in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction, nor is it intended as investment, tax, financial, or legal advice. Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situation and jurisdiction.
The sponsor of the Trust is Merk Investments LLC (the “Sponsor”). VanEck and Foreside Fund Services, LLC, provide marketing services to the Trust. 
All rights reserved. All trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 





Merk Investments | 
Funds | 
Insights | 
Why Currencies  | 
Why Gold
About Merk
©       2017 Merk Investments LLC 
Terms and Conditions of Use / Privacy Policy














VanEck Merk Gold Trust (OUNZ) - Patent































 










My Account
                        | How to Invest  
            


This page is hosted on the fund section of Merk Funds







Funds     |     
Why Currencies     |     
Why Gold     |     
Insights     |     
About Merk 



Market Data  |  
 Overview  |  
 Guiding Principles  |  
 Taking Delivery  |  
 OUNZ Calculator  |  
 Patent  |  
 OUNZ FAQ 


















Home > Funds > OUNZ > Patent

Print Friendly
















 
 


Patent
 
 
 Fact Sheet 
 Prospectus 


On January 7, 2014, Merk Investments LLC was issued patent #8,626,641 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office for a "Deliverable commodity investment vehicle."
"Never before have investors been able to buy and own gold through an exchange traded product while being able to take delivery of gold in a form suitable for the individual. The U.S. patent office confirms what we do is truly new, innovative and worthy of patent protection. No one before has been able to combine the institutional and retail benefits of holding gold. The VanEck Merk Gold Trust opens a new interface between the institutional and retail world of owning gold." -- Axel Merk, President and Chief Investment Officer at Merk Investments.
From the patent description: "The invention relates generally to systems and methods for investing in commodities, and more specifically to commodity investment vehicles offering a conversion or delivery feature." Read more...

 

 Click here to download the Adobe® Reader® to view and print PDF's. 


 








MERK INSIGHTS









 


 











The material must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus.  Before investing you should carefully consider the VanEck Merk Gold Trust's ("Trust") investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. 

  Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. The Trust is not an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a commodity pool for the purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act.  Shares of the Trust are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds.  Because shares of the Trust are intended to reflect the price of the gold held in the Trust, the market price of the shares is subject to fluctuations similar to those affecting gold prices.  Additionally, shares of the Trust are bought and sold at market price, not at net asset value (“NAV”).  Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
The request for redemption of shares for gold is subject to a number of risks including but not limited to the potential for the price of gold to decline during the time between the submission of the request and delivery. Delivery may take a considerable amount of time depending on your location.
Commodities and commodity-index linked securities may be affected by changes in overall market movements and other factors such as weather, disease, embargoes, or political and regulatory developments, as well as trading activity of speculators and arbitrageurs in the underlying commodities.
Trust shares trade like stocks, are subject to investment risk and will fluctuate in market value. The value of Trust shares relates directly to the value of the gold held by the Trust (less its expenses), and fluctuations in the price of gold could materially and adversely affect an investment in the shares. The price received upon the sale of the shares, which trade at market price, may be more or less than the value of the gold represented by them. The Trust does not generate any income, and as the Trust regularly issues shares to pay for the Sponsor’s ongoing expenses, the amount of gold represented by each Share will decline over time. Investing involves risk, and you could lose money on an investment in the Trust. For a more complete discussion of the risk factors relative to the Trust, carefully read the prospectus. 
This content is published in the United States for residents of specified countries. Investors are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this content. Nothing in this content should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any investment in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction, nor is it intended as investment, tax, financial, or legal advice. Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situation and jurisdiction.
The sponsor of the Trust is Merk Investments LLC (the “Sponsor”). VanEck and Foreside Fund Services, LLC, provide marketing services to the Trust. 
All rights reserved. All trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 





Merk Investments | 
Funds | 
Insights | 
Why Currencies  | 
Why Gold
About Merk
©       2017 Merk Investments LLC 
Terms and Conditions of Use / Privacy Policy













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































VanEck Merk Gold Trust

                  NAR: OUNZ
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker





Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
Holdings
      
News
      
Charts
      
Historical Quotes
      
Options
      



VanEck Merk Gold Trust




Jul 28, 2017


OUNZ



$
12.53




Change

+0.09
+0.72%

Volume









YTD return

            8.56%
        
5 yr avg return

            n/a
        
Total net assets
127.00M


52 week low
52 week high

            $11.12
        

            $13.56
        
















Top Holdings
Top holdings for this fund are not available
Sector Allocation
Sector allocations for this fund are not available
Asset Allocation



%
Type


100.00

Other


$ 127.00M
Total net assets


n/a
Turnover
















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:07 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































ETF & Mutual Fund Investment Tools | Direxion



























 


















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 










    Tools You Can Use  


Direxion provides a suite of tools that can be highly beneficial when implementing tactical investment strategies. These tools can be applied to strategies that are both specific and non-specific to Direxion.


Mutual Fund Tools


  Exposure Level Tools    


The following tools help determine a Monthly Leveraged Index Fund's estimated exposure level for the day on which it is purchased using data feeds which provide real time values. 
 

ETF Tools


  Premium/Discount Tool    


The Premium/Discount Tool illustrates the daily difference (premium or discount) between the market closing price and calculated net asset value per share of Direxion ETFs.
 














Overview of the Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment ETF | Direxion


























 






























Why KNOW? Why now?
Since inception, the Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF (Ticker: KNOW) has outperfomed the major U.S. stock indexes including the: S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, S&P SmallCap 600 and S&P1500 (source: Morningstar Direct). 
It makes sense. Corporate insiders− top officers, boards of directors, and major shareholders − have a natural edge over retail investors, and even financial analysts, because they typically know their businesses and industries better than anyone. That’s why, no matter how much research you do, or how much financial news you consume, you’re always a step behind those “in the know”.
The Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares (KNOW) is designed to help long term-investors pursue better portfolio outcomes by using insider sentiment to seek alpha relative to S&P 500® Index.
With a net expense ratio of just 0.65%, this strategic index-based ETF provides investors with cost-effective access to stocks that corporate officers, directors, and shareholders who own more than 5% of each company’s stock, are accumulating.
This insider sentiment selection uses a screening methodology based on public-company filings and positive earnings analysis that provides the basis for the funds’ quantitatively-weighted indexes. The ETF is comprised of 100 companies selected from the S&P 1500 Index.
Fact Sheet Performance Comparison Prospectus
 



 NAVs and market price information as of July 28, 2017






Ticker
Fund Name
Index/Benchmark
					(Bloomberg Symbol)
Target
Prospectus




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

Sabrient Multi-Cap Insider/Analyst Quant-Weighted Index (SBRQAMTR)


Prospectus









All data as
					of 6/30/2017


Ticker
Fund Name
 
1 Mo %
3 Mo %
YTD %
1 YR %
3 YR %
5 YR %
10 YR %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio* (Gross/Net %)





KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

NAV
0.90
1.01
4.40
14.98
9.74
17.51

16.03

12/8/2011

0.77 						/
						 0.65*					


Market Close
0.84
0.74
4.46
15.00
9.76
17.68

16.05












Ticker
Fund Name
NAV
NAV Change $
NAV Change %
Market Price Closing
Market Price Closing
					Change($)
Market Price Closing
					Change(%)
Premium / Discount




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

40.22
-0.15
-0.37
40.23
-0.08
						-0.19
0.01








Ticker
Fund Name
Record Date
Ex Date
Pay Date
Income Dividend
Short-Term Capital Gain
Long-Term Capital Gain




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


6/22/2017


6/20/2017


6/27/2017

0.10643




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


3/23/2017


3/21/2017


3/28/2017

0.25251




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


12/22/2016


12/20/2016


12/28/2016

0.3796
2.98944



KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


9/22/2016


9/20/2016


9/27/2016

0.25034




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


6/23/2016


6/21/2016


6/28/2016

0.31042




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


3/24/2016


3/22/2016


3/30/2016

0.45018




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


12/24/2015


12/22/2015


12/30/2015

0.05891




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


9/24/2015


9/22/2015


9/29/2015

0.19703








* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.65%. The Fund’s Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with the Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse the Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2017, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.65% other than the following: taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions, expenses incurred in connection with any merger or reorganization and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. 
 
The potential benefits of Direxion’s All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF

Allows investors to identify and participate in stocks that corporate insiders are accumulating
Offers access to a rules-based index approach to equity investing
Focuses on insider transactions and analyst ratings to determine weightings within the Index
Allocations to sectors within the index can vary significantly from traditional cap-weighted equity benchmark weightings

 






















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 















	OUNZ - VanEck Merk Gold Trust | Snapshot | Commodity ETF- VanEck











Menu



Contact
































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        
































Home » VanEck Vectors ETFs » Commodity ETFs » OUNZ - VanEck Merk Gold Trust
















            Ticker:-
            OUNZ;false;GOLDLNPM;Commodity
        










            Ticker Group:-
            ETFEQ_GOLD;false;;
        











                Videos


Gold Market Healthy Despite Sluggish Stocks (4:14)Imaru Casanova


Gold Regains Strength After Post-Election Decline (6:17)Joe Foster




























 
Taking Physical Delivery of Gold Assets   
















  
















  















Related ETFs


GDX

VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF



GDXJ

VanEck Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF



INIVX

International Investors Gold Fund
































                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now






            Financial Professionals






                            Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                        

                            LOGIN
                        


                                email address/username
                            






                                password
                            







New? Register Here


Forgot Password




















































Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious







OUNZ
VanEck Merk Gold Trust
















Fund Description
VanEck™ Merk® Gold Trust seeks to provide investors with a convenient and cost-efficient way to buy and hold gold through an exchange traded product with the option to take physical delivery of gold.














   Fund TickerOUNZExchangeNYSE ArcaSponsorMerk Investment LLCTrusteeBank of New York MellonCustodianJPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.Marketing AgentVan Eck Securities Corp.














 as of 07/28/17Total Net Assets$129.3MOptionsAvailableCommencement05/16/2014ETF StructurePhysicalExpense Ratio0.40%






























OUNZ Profile


Prospectus


Bar List

















 
Overview

The VanEck Merk Gold Trust (the “Trust” or "OUNZ") provides investors with a convenient and cost-efficient way to buy and hold gold through an exchange traded product with the option to take physical delivery of gold.
 
The Trust’s primary objective is to provide investors with an opportunity to invest in gold through the shares and be able to take delivery of physical gold bullion (physical gold) in exchange for their shares. The Trust’s secondary objective is for the shares to reflect the performance of the price of gold less the expenses of the Trust’s operations.
 














 

Key Points

DeliverabilityVanEck Merk Gold Trust holds gold bullion in the form of allocated London Bars. It differentiates itself by providing investors with the option to take physical delivery of gold bullion in exchange for their shares. ConvertibilityFor the purpose of facilitating delivery, Merk has developed a proprietary process for the conversion of London Bars into gold coins and bars in denominations investors may desire. Tax EfficiencyTaking delivery of gold is not a taxable event as investors merely take possession of what they already own: the gold. 
















Trading InformationFund TickerOUNZNAVOUNZNVIntraday NAV (IIV)1OUNZIVShares Outstanding10,357,197CUSIP921078101ISINUS9210781012Source: Bloomberg














Fees and ExpensesExpense Ratio0.40%





















                                    Prices
                                    as of 07/28/17











                                                                NAV/Last Price
                                                            

                                                                Volume30-Day Avg./Last Trading Day
                                                            

                                                                Premium/ Discount
                                                            

                                                                Prem/DiscountDistribution Charts
                                                            

                                                                NAV & Prem/Discount History
                                                            

                                                                NAVChart
                                                            



OUNZ


$12.49$12.53
                                                            

                                                                30,529  25,839
                                                            

                                                                $-0.0053-0.0423%
                                                            


 Select
Last 1yr
2017-Q2
2017-Q1
2016-Q4
2016-Q3
2016-Q2
2016-Q1
2015-Q4
2015-Q3
2015-Q2
2015-Q1
2014-Q4
2014-Q3



























ETF Statistics as of 07/28/17





Total Net Assets
129,337,517


Gold per Share
0.010


Gold per 1,000 Shares
9.872


Gold per Basket
493.624










Shares Outstanding
10,357,197


Gold in Trust
102,251.220


Indicative Gold per Basket
493.618





 
























×













	OUNZ - VanEck Merk Gold Trust | FAQ- VanEck











Menu



Contact
































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        
































Home » VanEck Vectors ETFs » Commodity ETFs » OUNZ - VanEck Merk Gold Trust
















            Ticker:-
            OUNZ;false;GDM;
        










            Ticker Group:-
            ETFEQ_GOLD;false;;
        











                Videos


Gold Market Healthy Despite Sluggish Stocks (4:14)Imaru Casanova


Gold Regains Strength After Post-Election Decline (6:17)Joe Foster


























Related ETFs


GDX

VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF



GDXJ

VanEck Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF



INIVX

International Investors Gold Fund


















                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now






            Financial Professionals






                            Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                        

                            LOGIN
                        


                                email address/username
                            






                                password
                            







New? Register Here


Forgot Password




















































Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious







OUNZ
VanEck Merk Gold Trust
















Fund Description
VanEck™ Merk® Gold Trust seeks to provide investors with a convenient and cost-efficient way to buy and hold gold through an exchange traded product with the option to take physical delivery of gold.














   Fund TickerOUNZExchangeNYSE ArcaSponsorMerk Investment LLCTrusteeBank of New York MellonCustodianJPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.Marketing AgentVan Eck Securities Corp.














 as of 07/28/17Total Net Assets$129.3MOptionsAvailableCommencement05/16/2014ETF StructurePhysicalExpense Ratio0.40%






























OUNZ Profile


Prospectus


Bar List

















FAQs


 
Who is Merk Investments LLC?  
Merk Investments LLC is the sponsor of the VanEck Merk Gold Trust (OUNZ) and arranged for the creation of the Trust and listing of shares of the Trust on the NYSE Arca. Merk Investments LLC interacts with the Trust’s service providers and will also facilitate the review of Delivery Applications and the delivery of physical gold to Delivery Applicants.
When I own the VanEck Merk Gold Trust (OUNZ), do I own gold?  
Yes. Each investor owns a pro-rata share of the VanEck Merk Gold Trust (OUNZ), and as such holds pro-rata ownership of the Trust's gold holdings, corresponding to the number of shares held.
What type of gold does the VanEck Merk Gold Trust (OUNZ) hold?  
The VanEck Merk Gold Trust (OUNZ) holds London Bars. The Trust holds its London Bars in allocated form in the Trust Allocated Account with the Custodian. The Trust Allocated Account will be used to hold the individually identified bars of gold deposited with the Trust. The physical gold is held in a segregated fashion in the name of the Trust, never commingled with other depositor funds or assets. The Trust has full title to the gold with the Custodian holding it on the Trust’s behalf. Each investor owns a pro-rata share of the Trust, and as such holds pro-rata ownership of the Trust assets, corresponding to the number of shares held. Trust holdings are identified in a weight list of bars published on the Trust’s website showing the unique bar number, gross weight, the assay or fineness of each bar and its fine weight. Credits or debits to the holding will be effected by physical movements of bars to or from the Trust’s physical holding. The Trust’s gold holdings are subject to periodic audits.
The Trust may further hold up to a maximum of 430 ounces of unallocated gold.
To facilitate the ability to exchange shares into physical gold for delivery, Merk Investments LLC may convert the Trust’s gold into gold of different specifications. All gold obtained by the Trust must be without numismatic value and have a minimum fineness (or purity) of 995 parts per 1,000 (99.5%), except that the Trust may also obtain American Gold Eagle Coins (with a minimum fineness of 91.67%) solely for delivery to a Delivery Applicant. While Delivery Applicants may always request London Bars, market conditions may cause Merk to limit other types of physical gold made available for delivery.
Can I take delivery of the gold I own through the VanEck Merk Gold Trust (OUNZ)?  
Yes, investors have the option to take delivery of physical gold in exchange for their shares.
What type of gold can I receive?  
Aside from the London Bars the Trust holds, investors may take delivery of 1 ounce coins and bars, as well as 10 ounce bars, such as: 



Type
Purity


1 oz American Gold Eagle coins
91.67%


1 oz American Gold Buffalo coins
99.99%


1 oz Australian Gold Kangaroo coins
99.99%


1 oz Canadian Gold Maple Leaf coins
99.99%


1 oz or 10 oz Australian bars
99.99%





Formally, aside from being able to take delivery of London Bars, investors may request to have their shares exchanged for other gold bars and coins, without numismatic value, having a minimum fineness (or purity) of 995 parts per 1,000 (99.5%) or, for American Gold Eagle gold coins, with a minimum fineness of 91.67%.
Where and how can I have my gold delivered?  
The Trust will ship physical gold fully insured to a Delivery Applicant by a conventional shipping carrier such as the U.S. Postal Service, Federal Express, United Parcel Service or armored transportation service.
Delivery Applicants should be aware that the gold delivered is likely to represent a substantial U.S. dollar value:

Shipments may be broken down into multiple smaller shipments and possibly shipped on different days to meet insurance requirements of the shipping carrier. A Delivery Applicant can utilize a shipping carrier only if insurance requirements can be met and the Delivery Applicant and we agree on an acceptable delivery destination. A conventional shipping carrier may deliver gold to residential addresses.
Armored Transportation Service will only deliver to certain trusted locations; an Armored Transportation Service does not deliver to residential addresses. A Delivery Applicant can utilize an armored truck service only if the Delivery Applicant and the Armored Transportation Service agree on an acceptable delivery destination. London Bars will only be transported using Armored Transportation Service.



     

Delivery Applicants should contact Merk Investments LLC to discuss delivery method and location.

A Delivery Application may be declined if no delivery method and location is agreed upon.
When will I receive my gold?  
For coins and bars other than London Bars, Delivery Applications can be processed fastest when investors have their gold delivered to the address stated on their brokerage account. This way, gold coins and bars other than London Bars may be delivered with UPS next day delivery service to your home address. Specifically:

Assuming shares have been accepted by the Trustee on the Share Submission date, Merk will be notified of the successful share submission late that business day. Typically the next day, Merk will engage in an over the counter transaction with the precious metals dealer to facilitate an exchange of the Trust's gold into coins and bars specified in the Delivery Application. The completion of this exchange typically takes 2 business days. This means gold coins and bars other than London Bars might be handed over to UPS for next day delivery on the third business day after a share submission, allowing the Delivery Applicant to receive their gold on the fourth business day after share submission.
Note that this timeline may be faster or slower, in part due to the availability of the Delivery Applicant to receive packages.
     

Investors requesting London Bars need to be aware that London Bars are delivered with an Armored Transportation Service that does not deliver to residential addresses. Armored Transportation Services only deliver to trusted addresses. That means Delivery Applications can be processed faster when the Delivery Address is a familiar address, such as a precious metals depository. For new destinations, a security survey first has to be conducted to ensure the safety of the crew and vehicle. As our own testing has confirmed, such surveys may only take a few business days; however, the delays that can be caused in this process lead us to state in the prospectus that it may take "considerable time" to take delivery of gold. The legwork to agree on a suitable delivery location takes place before Merk pre-approves a Delivery Application. A Delivery Application may be declined if no delivery method and location is agreed upon.
What is the Exchange Fee?  
The Exchange Fee covers the cost of exchanging OUNZ shares into gold bars in the form of London Bars which the Trust holds in the vault, as well as the cost of converting London Bars into the gold coins or smaller gold bars that investors may prefer for delivery. The Exchange Fee for gold coins and bars, outside of London Bars, reflects the premium such coins and bars are trading at relative to the spot price of gold.
All fees are subject to change upon notice; we may waive or reduce the Exchange Fees from time to time.
Is there a Delivery Fee?  
No Delivery Fee is charged for the delivery of physical gold to destinations in the lower 48 States.
There may be a Delivery Fee to Alaska and Hawaii as well as to countries outside of the United States. This fee covers the cost of preparing and transporting physical gold from the Custodian or the precious metals dealer to the location specified by a Delivery Applicant in its Delivery Application.
What is the Processing Fee?  


  The Processing Fee is comprised of the Exchange Fee and the Delivery Fee.
    
The Processing Fees must be wired by the Delivery Applicant at the time the Delivery Application is submitted; the fee is fully reimbursable until the Delivery Applicant submits his or her shares to the Trustee.
Can my Delivery Application be denied?  
Merk Investments LLC reserves the right to decline the Delivery Application for any reason.


























×











