
















The Best Tax-Free Income Funds (FKTFX, VLTCX) | Investopedia



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Trump Replaces Chief of Staff Priebus With Retired General Kelly




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                The Best Tax-Free Income Funds (FKTFX, VLTCX)            


    By Barbara A. Friedberg | January 5, 2016 — 8:41 AM EST    






Share















































No one likes to pay taxes, but it’s a necessary part of living in a country which provides its citizens with a multitude of benefits. But just because you pay taxes doesn’t mean you can’t take advantage of available legal ways to keep your taxes low. Investors can enjoy tax-free income funds to grow wealth and minimize taxes.
What is a Tax-Free Income Fund?
Let’s break the definition down into two parts; tax-free and income. An income fund is a mutual fund or exchange-traded fund (ETF) which pays dividends to shareholders. Investors use this type of investment to create an income stream from their investments. A tax-free fund is an investment with dividends that aren’t taxed. These types of tax-free income funds are usually called municipal bond funds.
If you’re in a higher tax bracket, a tax-free income fund which contains tax-free municipal bonds from your state can be a wise investment choice. But before getting swept away with the idea of investing in a tax-free income fund, consider your own tax bracket. (For more, see: 5 Reasons to Invest in Municipal Bonds When the Fed Hikes Rates.)
Tax Equivalent Yield
You need to determine whether you’ll benefit from investing in a tax-free income fund. Start out by considering your marginal tax rate. Next, compare the rate of return on comparable tax-free and taxable income funds. Finally, calculate which investment is likely to give you a higher after tax return.
For example, Simon lives in California and is in the 25% federal marginal tax bracket. His state tax bracket is 4.5%. His total state plus federal tax rate is 29.50%. He has access to The Franklin California Tax-Free Income Fund Class A (FKTFX) and can buy it with no transaction fee through his Fidelity Investments brokerage account. The 30-day yield, or rate of return, is 2.39%. Simon knows he can get a tax free return for approximately 2.39%. (For more, see: How Your Tax Rate Is Determined.)
Simon can get a taxable Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) yield, or rate of return, of 4.88% if he invests in Vanguard Long-Term Corporate Bond Index Fund Admiral Shares (VLTCX). But which investment offers the best after tax return? Given Simon’s 29.50% tax bracket let’s see if he’s better off investing in the 2.39% tax free income fund or the 4.88% taxable income fund. Be aware that neither of the funds’ returns are guaranteed and they’re likely to fluctuate.
Simon’s 2.39% tax-free return is equivalent to a taxable yield of 3.337%. Any taxable return above 3.337% is preferable to the tax free 2.39% return. Since he can earn a taxable return of 4.88% he’ll be better off in the taxable fund. You can compare tax free with taxable yields on this tax equivalent yield calculator. (For more, see: Top 4 Muni New York Mutual Funds.)
Best Tax Free Income Funds
At present municipal bond tax-free income funds offer juicy yields. It’s not uncommon for their returns to top comparable taxable funds. Choose a fund issued with bonds from your state to compound your tax savings. Just remember that yields are subject to change and aren’t guaranteed. Performance figures below are as of Dec. 10, 2015.

Best Tax-Free Income Funds




High-Yield Muni Bond Funds          


        Performance  (1-year)


Expense Ratio


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund (AMHIX)


4.33% 


 0.68%


MFS Municipal High Income Fund (MMHYX)


5.18%


0.69%


Columbia High Yield Municipal Fund (LHIAX)


5.20%


0.87%





Muni California Intermediate-Term Bond Funds




Vanguard Calif. Intermediate Term Tax Exempt Fund (VCAIX)


2.96%


0.20%


Schwab California Tax-Free Bond Fund (SWCAX)


2.90%


0.49%


Principal California Municipal Fund (SRCMX)


3.93%


0.77%





Muni California Long-Term Bond Funds




T. Rowe Price California Tax Free Bond Fund (PRXCX)


3.25%


0.49%


Nuveen California Municipal Bond Fund (NCAAX)


4.54%


0.77%


USAA California Bond Fund (USCBX)


3.96%


0.57%





Muni Massachusetts Bond Funds




Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)


3.54%


0.46%


Vanguard Massachusetts Tax-Exempt Fund (VMATX)


3.57%


0.16%


AB Municipal Income Fund II Mass. Portfolio (AMAAX)


3.91%


0.77%





Muni Minnesota Bond Funds




SIT Minnesota Tax Free Income Fund (SMTFX)


3.29%


0.82%


Fidelity Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)


3.01%


0.49%


Columbia Minnesota Tax-Exempt Fund (IMNTX)


3.38%


0.83%





Muni National Intermediate-Term Bond Funds




State Farm Municipal Bond Fund (SFBDX)


3.13%


0.15%


Wells Fargo Advantage Core Builder Series M (WFCMX)


3.47%


0.00%


Vanguard High Yield Tax Exempt Fund (VWAHX)


3.75%


0.20%





Muni National Long-Term Bond Funds




USAA Tax Exempt Long Term Fund (USTEX)


3.36%


0.55%


T. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Income Fund (PRINX)


3.31%


0.50%


T. Rowe Price Tax Free Income Fund (PRTAX)


3.14%


0.51%





Muni National Short-Term Bond Funds




U.S. Global Investors Near-Term Tax-Free Fund (NEARX)


1.58%


0.45%


Invesco Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (AITFX)


1.65%


0.38%


Vanguard Limited Term Tax Exempt Fund (VMLTX)


1.07%


0.20%





Muni New Jersey Bond Funds




T. Rowe Price New Jersey Tax Free Bond Fund (NJTFX)


2.78%


0.51%


Vanguard New Jersey Long Term Tax Exempt Fund (VNJTX)


1.49%


0.20%


Eaton Vance New Jersey Municipal Income fund (ETNJX)


1.90%


0.74%





Muni New York Intermediate-Term Bond Funds




Franklin N.Y. Intermediate Tax-Free Income Fund (FKNIX)


2.81%


0.66%


Western Asset Intermediate Maturity NY Munis Fund (IMNYX)


2.56%


0.75%


Columbia AMT-Free
N.Y. Intermediate Muni Bond Fund (LNYAX)


2.49%


0.75%





Muni New York Long-Term Bond Funds




T. Rowe Price New York Tax Free Bond Fund (PRNYX)


3.48%


0.49%


Vanguard New York Long Term Tax Exempt Fund (VNYTX)


3.73%


0.20%


Columbia New York Tax-Exempt Fund (COLNX)


3.88%


0.78%





Muni Ohio Bond Funds




Vanguard Ohio Long Term Tax Exempt Fund (VOHIX)


3.99%


0.16%


Fidelity Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)


4.30%


0.48%


Franklin Ohio Tax-Free Income Fund (FTOIX)


3.94%


0.63%





Muni Pennsylvania Bond Funds




Fidelity Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)


3.43%


0.49%


Vanguard Pennsylvania Long Term Tax Exempt Fund (VPAIX)


3.89%


0.20%


Wells Fargo Advantage Pennsylvania Tax-Free Fund (EKVAX)


3.88%


0.74%





Muni Single-State Intermediate Term Bond Funds




Fidelity Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)


3.67%


0.48%


Colorado Bond Shares A Tax Exempt Fund (HICOX)


4.47%


0.70%


Dupree Alabama Tax Free Income Series Fund (DUALX)


3.13%


0.81%





Muni Single-State Long-Term Bond Funds 




T. Rowe Price Maryland Tax Free Bond Fund (MDXBX)


3.35%


0.45%


T. Rowe Price Georgia Tax Free Bond Fund (GTFBX)


3.42%


0.53%


T. Rowe Virginia Tax Free Bond Fund (PRVAX)


3.20%


0.47%





Muni Single-State Short-Term Bond Funds




Fidelity California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)


1.51%


0.49%


Dupree Kentucky Tax-Free Short-to-Medium Series (KYSMX)


1.22%


0.74%


Thornburg California Limited Term Municipal Fund (LTCAX)


1.40%


0.94%





Source: U.S. News & World Report Best Mutual Funds-Municipal Bond Rankings

The Bottom Line 
If you’re looking for holdings for the fixed-income portion of your investment portfolio, these tax-free income funds may fit the bill. Just make sure to buy the municipal bond funds in accounts outside of your 401(k) plan, 403(b) or individual retirement account (IRA) to reap the best benefit of the tax free yield. (For more, see: ETF Analysis: iShares National AMT-Free Muni Bond.)









  






 









STOCKS: 
FKTFX, VLTCX 



































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing















Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



































































Vanguard - Vanguard Ohio Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund



















Warning: Vanguard.com will not work properly with  JavaScript disabled!










    
  
   








Vanguard homeWarningThis page won't work properly unless JavaScript is enabled.




    
  
   




    
  
   




    
  
   




    
  
   




  Insert Ticker Here  
 






 
   
































    
 All-in-one funds
A diversified portfolio in a single fund 
   



    
 Vanguard Select Funds™
A short list of well-established funds 
   



    
 All our funds

›By fund name›By asset class 
   


Search our funds





There are errors on this page. Mouse over a highlighted field for more information.





  





  

    
 




Vanguard Ohio Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund (VOHIX)



  
  
  








 Overview
 Price & Performance
 Portfolio & Management
 Fees & Minimums
 Distributions
 News & Reviews











  
  
  



 
   



























































Tax-exempt mutual funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Are tax-exempt mutual funds right for you?
Tax-exempt funds are a smart way to reduce your income taxes, but they're not for everyone.
Find out if you could be saving on taxes



Who doesn't want a lighter tax bill? Although tax-exempt mutual funds usually produce lower yields, you generally don't have to pay federal taxes on earnings from tax-exempt money market and bond funds. And you can save even more if you live in a state that offers similar exemptions.But before you invest, ask yourself a few questions:

Am I investing outside of an IRA or another retirement plan?



You won't gain anything more by including a tax-exempt mutual fund in an already tax-advantaged account, like an IRA. Instead, you'd actually be giving up potential yields.

Am I in one of the higher tax brackets?



If you're not, tax-exempt funds probably aren't the right fit. You likely won't save enough in taxes to make up for the lower yields you typically get from a tax-exempt fund.If you answered "yes" to both of these questions, a tax-exempt fund might be worth a look.

Make sure a tax-exempt fund is right for you








Your next step would be to determine your taxable-equivalent yield—the yield a tax-exempt fund would need to earn to meet or beat the after-tax yield of a comparable taxable fund.
Use our taxable-equivalent yield calculator

 

Choose your tax-exempt funds



If you've determined you're a good candidate to start investing in tax-exempt funds, take a look at the funds you have to choose from.
See a list of Vanguard tax-exempt money market funds 

See a list of Vanguard tax-exempt bond funds 






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



WANT TO LEARN MORE?

See why you should consider investing in tax-efficient funds 

Find out how you can become a tax-savvy investor 







	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.
	Vanguard average mutual fund expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average mutual fund expense ratio: 0.69%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	Bond funds are subject to the risk that an issuer will fail to make payments on time and that bond prices will decline because of rising interest rates or negative perceptions of an issuer's ability to make payments.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01
























Vanguard Ohio Tax-Free Funds                                                                                             - Valley Forge                                      , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Valley Forge



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Vanguard Ohio Tax-Free Funds
                                    



 





















V 


Vanguard Ohio Tax-Free Funds                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



 VALLEY FORGE, PA 19482
Get Directions



(610) 669-6295
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $150,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







V

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






































 Vanguard - Product overview - OH LT Tax-Exempt Fund













































































Your input was invalid

























Fact sheet (06/30/2017)A brief product description that includes information on performance, cost, industry weightings, top holdings, investment approach, and portfolio attributes. Updated quarterly.



  Download



















Summary prospectusA simplified, standardized version of a statutory prospectus. Includes discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance intended to make it easier to compare all mutual funds regardless of provider. Updated annually.



  Download


























Statutory prospectusIncludes detailed discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance. By law, a prospectus must be provided to a potential investor before he or she can invest. Updated annually.



  Download


























Statement of additional informationA document provided as a supplement to a mutual fund prospectus. It contains more detailed information about fund policies, operations, and risks. Updated annually.



  Download



















Investment profile (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, quarterly commentary on investment performance, and detailed discussion on the management team and investment process. Updated quarterly.



  Download



















Investment commentary (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including description, style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, and brief quarterly commentary on investment performance. Updated quarterly.



  Download



















Semiannual report (05/31/2017)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated semiannually.



  Download



















Annual report (11/30/2016)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated annually.



  Download














VANGUARD PRODUCTS




















 ETFs 
 Mutual Funds 
 All 




{{assetClass.name}} 









{{subAssetClass}}





Data is temporarily unavailable. For assistance, please call 800-997-2798 Monday throughy Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., Eastern time. 


{{fund.profile.longNm | trimFundName}}  {{fund.profile.ticker}}








Vanguard portfolio holdings disclaimerPortfolio holdings information:Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the percentage of the fund's total assets that each of these holdings represents as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 15 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month).Vanguard may also publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the aggregate percentage that these holdings represent of the fund's total net assets and equities, as of the most recent month-end, ten business days after the end of the month.Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, a detailed list of the securities (aggregated by issuer for money market funds) held in a Vanguard fund (portfolio holdings) as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard Market Neutral Fund (60 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter), Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month), and Vanguard Money Market Funds (within five [5] business days after the last business day of the preceding month). Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, Vanguard may exclude any portion of these portfolio holdings from publication on this Site when deemed in the best interest of the fund.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on a delayed basis and will not necessarily represent all of the actual investments held by the relevant Vanguard fund.Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.The following additional terms and conditions apply to the publication on this Site of any Vanguard fund's portfolio holdings as described above:By accessing the portfolio holdings, you agree not to reproduce, distribute, or disseminate the portfolio holdings, in whole or in part, in any form without prior written permission of Vanguard.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on an "as is" basis, and Vanguard makes no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or fitness of the portfolio holdings or any financial results you may achieve from their use.In no event shall Vanguard or its affiliates have any liability relating to the use of the portfolio holdings.






Vanguard share class options






StyleboxThe stylebox gives information about a fund’s investment style in visual form.For equity funds, a stylebox’s rows and columns indicate market capitalization (small, mid, large) and investment style (value, blend, growth); for fixed income funds, its rows and columns indicate credit quality and/or duration (short, medium, long).Two important things about a fund are shown in its stylebox:Central tendency. The fund’s central tendency reflects the aggregate characteristics resulting from the fund’s approach to security selection. Because it is based on an analysis of the performance characteristics of the fund’s potential holdings over long periods, the central tendency is expected to be relatively stable. In the stylebox, it is shown as a dot within the shaded oval.Expected range. Within the fund’s universe of potential holdings, and depending on the fund’s investment approach, some categories of investments will be owned more frequently; together, they are known as the expected range. In the stylebox, the expected range of frequently owned categories is represented by a shaded oval.Note: Styleboxes for  fixed income funds uses duration rather than average weighted maturity. Duration is a more accurate measure of interest rate sensitivity because it takes into consideration all mortgage prepayments, puts, and adjustable coupons.






 









Log on 

You're attempting to access a secure area. Please log on below.


You're attempting to access a secure area.Please log on below.



















Remember me





Need logon help?




Register for access



Need logon help?



Not registered?

Get more with full site accessAdditional tools from VanguardAdvisor-only materialsResources for your practiceFund commentary/analysis


Register for access



Not registered?

Register today for access to additional tools from Vanguard and Morningstar, resources for your practice, advisor-only materials, fund commentary/analysis, and more.

Register for access


















Ohio Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund (VOHIX)







Indexed to BloomBarc OH Municipal Index  Fact sheet (06/30/2017)








Overview  

 Overview 
 Performance 
 Portfolio 
 Price & Distributions











Summary of this fundVanguard Ohio Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund seeks to provide current income that is exempt from both federal and Ohio personal income taxes. The fund is intended for Ohio residents only.




Investment approachLong- and intermediate-term municipal bonds issued by Ohio state and local governments and regional governmental authorities.Seeks high current income exempt from federal and Ohio state income taxes.Conservatively managed, using fundamental research.
View more details



PRICE AND DISTRIBUTIONS
Price and distributions
as of 07/28/2017






NAVFor funds with a fluctuating price per share, the net asset value (NAV) is the market value of a mutual fund's total assets, minus liabilities, divided by the number of shares outstanding. The value of a single share is called its share value or share price.For money market funds that seek to maintain a stable price per share, the NAV is calculated by valuing securities at amortized cost, which approximates market value.
Change $/%



$12.61





$0.00 	 	
					
0.00%







SEC yield
A non-money market fund's SEC yield is based on a formula mandated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that calculates a fund's hypothetical annualized income, as a percentage of its assets. A security's income, for the purposes of this calculation, is based on the current market yield to maturity (in the case of bonds) or projected dividend yield (for stocks) of the fund's holdings over a trailing 30 day period. This hypothetical income will differ (at times, significantly) from the fund's actual experience; as a result, income distributions from the fund may be higher or lower than implied by the SEC yield.The SEC yield for a money market fund is calculated by annualizing its daily income distributions for the previous seven days.


2.35%
A
BASED ON HOLDINGS' YIELD TO MATURITY FOR PRIOR 30 DAYS;DISTRIBUTION MAY DIFFER





Distribution yield
The fund's current monthly income dividend per share, annualized (by dividing by the number of days in the month and multiplying by 365) as a percentage of the fund's average NAV during the month. as of 06/30/2017
					


3.18%




KEY FUND FACTS
Key fund facts




Expense ratio


0.15% as of 03/28/2017




Lipper peer average
expense ratio


1.014% as of 12/31/2016



Designation


Muni Ohio




Inception on


06/18/1990





Net assets for
						VOHIX 


$1.2 billion as of 06/30/2017



Holdings 


383 as of 06/30/2017



Management style


Active


Benchmark


BloomBarc OH Municipal Index



Turnover rate 


 14.90%(Fiscal year-end  11/30/2016)


CUSIP


921929204





Fees and minimums
Fees and minimums




Purchase fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor buys shares. This fee is not a sales charge or load because it is paid directly to the fund to offset the costs of trading certain securities.


None



Redemption fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor sells shares. A redemption fee differs from a back-end load because the money is paid back into the fund. Many funds charge redemption fees only when shares are bought and then sold within a specific period of time, generally in an effort to discourage market-timing and short-term trading. Some brokers also charge their clients redemption fees for the sale of securities.


None


Minimum investment:


None



Large transaction policy
Large transactions may require notification






Large transaction policy  





STYLEBOX
Stylebox
Fixed incomePortfolio of high-quality, long- and intermediate-duration Ohio municipal bonds.



Central tendency

Expected range


How to read our stylebox  







ObjectiveVanguard Ohio Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund seeks to provide current income that is exempt from both federal and Ohio personal income taxes. The fund is intended for Ohio residents only.



Investment approachLong- and intermediate-term municipal bonds issued by Ohio state and local governments and regional governmental authorities.Seeks high current income exempt from federal and Ohio state income taxes.Conservatively managed, using fundamental research.



Total returns

as of 06/30/2017






View as:








Quarter‑end

Month‑end





as of 06/30/2017








View as:Quarter‑end Quarter‑endMonth‑end













6%543210-1%     



 
YTD
1 year
5 year
10 year
Since
inception
06/18/1990





NAV 
						

3.59%
– 0.73%
3.99%
4.79%
5.88%






Benchmark
Bloomberg Barclays OH Municipal Bond Index*
						

3.63%
– 0.47%
3.56%
4.37%
—


Note: Fee adjusted for mutual funds where applicable.
* Includes Ohio-issued investment-grade tax-exempt bonds with maturities of greater than one year.
The performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so investors' shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data cited.

Quarterly commentary  



Total returns details  






People and process

Firms
Vanguard Fixed Income Group
Product management
Vanguard Ohio Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund seeks high current income by investing at least 80% of its assets in securities exempt from federal and Ohio income taxes. These municipal bonds are generally of intermediate and long maturity. The fund also may invest up to 20% of assets in Ohio alternative minimum tax bonds. The fund is conservatively managed, emphasizing well-diversified, highly rated municipal securities. Although the fund has no limitation on the maturity of individual securities, its dollar-weighted average nominal maturity is expected to be between 10 and 25 years.
Firm and manager details  




Distribution by credit quality* (% of fund) as of 06/30/2017

(% of fund) as of 06/30/2017




 
Credit rating

 VOHIX


AAA
8.8%

AA
52.4%

A
30.9%

BBB
7.0%

BB
0.2%

B
0.0%

Not Rated
0.7%

0%55%
 Total
 100.0%

* Credit-quality ratings are measured on a scale that generally ranges from AAA (highest) to D (lowest). ”NR” is used to classify securities for which a rating is not available. NR securities may include a fund’s investment in Vanguard Market Liquidity Fund or Vanguard Municipal Cash Management Fund, each of which invests in high-quality money market instruments and may serve as a cash management vehicle for the Vanguard funds, trusts, and accounts. U.S. Treasury, U.S. Agency, and U.S. Agency mortgage-backed securities appear under ”U.S. Government.” Credit-quality ratings for each issue are obtained from Moody’s and S&P, and the higher rating for each issue is used.
		



Fundamentals




Fixed income –
						as of 06/30/2017

VOHIX

Benchmark
Bloomberg Barclays OH Municipal Bond Index


Number of bonds
383
1,510


Yield to maturity
2.52%
2.24%


Short-term reserves
0.43%
N/A


Average duration
6.9 (years)
6.6 (years)



Average stated maturity
Average effective maturity (taxable bond funds and balanced funds except Tax-Managed Balanced)Average Effective Maturity is defined as the average length of time until fixed income securities held by a fund reach maturity and are repaid, taking into consideration that an action such as a call or refunding may cause some bonds to be repaid before they mature.Average stated maturity (municipal bond funds and Tax-Managed Balanced)Average stated maturity represents the average of the stated maturity dates for all fixed income securities held by the fund.Average maturity (money market funds only)Average maturity represents the weighted average maturity of the fund's holdings using the date of the next interest rate adjustment for certain adjustable-rate securities held by the fund.
16.8 (years)
14.0 (years)


Average coupon
4.60%
4.78%






Fundamentals details  







Risk and volatility
as of 06/30/2017
				

as of 06/30/2017
			




 
VOHIX

Benchmark
Bloomberg Barclays OH Municipal Bond Index


R-squared
N/A
0.98


Beta
N/A
1.08


Alpha
0.02
N/A


Standard deviation
3.67%
3.36%


Sharpe ratio
1.08
1.01

Risk and volatility are based on the share class with the earliest inception date.
Risk measures are calculated from trailing 36-month fund returns relative to the associated benchmarks.
An investment in the fund could lose money over short or even long periods. You should expect the fund’s share price and total return to fluctuate within a wide range, like the fluctuations of the overall bond market. As a tax-advantaged investment, the fund is potentially vulnerable to federal and state tax-law changes. Also, part of the fund’s return may consist of capital gains distributions that are taxable in the same way that realized capital gains on any investment are taxable.The fund’s performance could be hurt by:State-specific risk: The chance that developments in the state, such as tax, legislative, or political changes, will adversely affect the securities held by the fund. Because the fund invests primarily in securities issued by one state and its municipalities, it is more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in this state than are funds that invest in municipal securities of many states.Interest rate risk: The chance that bond prices will decline because of rising interest rates. Interest rate risk should be high for the fund because it invests primarily in long-term bonds, whose prices are much more sensitive to interest rate changes than are the prices of short-term bonds.Call risk: The chance that during periods of falling interest rates, issuers of callable bonds may call (redeem) securities with higher coupon rates or interest rates before their maturity dates. The fund would then lose any price appreciation above the bond’s call price and would be forced to reinvest the unanticipated proceeds at lower interest rates, resulting in a decline in the fund’s income.Extension risk: The chance that during periods of rising interest rates, certain debt obligations will be paid off substantially more slowly than originally anticipated, and the value of those securities may fall. Extension risk is generally high for long-term bond funds.Credit risk: The chance that a bond issuer will fail to pay interest or principal in a timely manner or that negative perceptions of the issuer’s ability to make such payments will cause the price of that bond to decline. Credit risk should be low for the fund because it purchases only bonds that are of investment-grade quality.Income risk: The chance that the fund’s income will decline because of falling interest rates.Liquidity risk: The chance that the fund may not be able to sell a security in a timely manner at a desired price. Liquidity risk is generally high for long-term bond funds.Manager risk: The chance that poor security selection will cause the fund to underperform relevant benchmarks or other funds with a similar investment objective.Nondiversification risk: The chance that the fund’s performance may be hurt disproportionately by the poor performance of relatively few securities. The fund is considered nondiversified, which means that it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in the securities of particular issuers as compared with other mutual funds.Tax risk: The chance that all or a portion of the tax-exempt income from municipal bonds held by the fund will be declared taxable, possibly with retroactive effect, because of unfavorable changes in tax laws, adverse interpretations by the Internal Revenue Service or state or local tax authorities, or noncompliant conduct of a bond issuer.



Risk and volatility details  














LITERATURE


Fact sheet (06/30/2017)



Fact sheet (06/30/2017)




Summary prospectus



Summary prospectus





Statutory prospectus



Statutory prospectus




Statement of additional information



Statement of additional information




Investment profile (06/30/2017)  



Investment profile (06/30/2017)  




Investment commentary (06/30/2017)  



Investment commentary (06/30/2017)  




Semiannual report (05/31/2017)



Semiannual report (05/31/2017)




Annual report (11/30/2016)



Annual report (11/30/2016)

More





TOOLS
Compare products


My product list  


View all tools  





RESEARCH

03/28/2017 | ArticleVanguard lowers expense ratios; investors save estimated $23 million


04/28/2017 | ArticleLower expense ratios for the world's largest stock and bond funds


07/28/2017 | ArticleRisk speedometer: An acceleration abroad


07/26/2017 | ArticleVanguard files for 2 global balanced funds


07/25/2017 | ArticleSettlement cycle shortened, will reduce risk to investors




























Franklin Ohio Tax-Free Income Fund - A














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


My Cart (0)
            
My Cart (0)
            




My Cart Summary










View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


My Cart (0)
            
My Cart (0)
            




My Cart Summary










View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Ohio Tax-Free Income Fund - A
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email




















                    [alert-heading]
                






Jun 30 2017
Puerto Rico holdings information
                            - 
            Read More
        

To view Puerto Rico holdings information as of June 30, 2017, please click here.





Jun 30 2017
Fund Adjusting Dividend Amount in June 2017
                            - 
            Read More
        

In June 2017, Franklin Ohio Tax-Free Income Fund adjusted its dividends as follows: Class A from $0.0328 to $0.0318 per share; Class C from $0.0269 to $0.0259 per share and Advisor Class from $0.0338 to $0.0328 per share. Dividends vary based on the fund's income. Past dividends are not indicative of future trends.














FTOIX





Franklin Ohio Tax-Free Income Fund





            Share Class
         A 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/28/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.00


$12.72




            POP


$13.28




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

3.32%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

-4.71%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

2.23%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

3.69%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Municipal Bonds





            Distributions
        

Monthly




            CUSIP
        

354   723   504




            Fund Number
        

122




            Inception Date
        


Apr 03, 1985




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$1,600.5  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        As of 07/28/2017


3.00%









            30-Day Standardized yield
        
As of 06/30/2017 
            (updated monthly)
        


1.57%












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 07/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.63%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.63%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

4.25%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.10%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks to provide investors with as high a level of income exempt from federal income taxes and Ohio personal income taxes as is consistent with prudent investment management and the preservation of shareholders’ capital.



            Strategy Statement
        








"In the Franklin Muni Department, we are committed to a conservative, disciplined investment strategy. We seek to provide shareholders with a high level of tax-free income while preserving capital."                                            
                                            












Management







James Conn, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 1999










John Pomeroy, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1986
Managed Fund Since 1989











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Muni Ohio




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



4 
            Stars
        






41


5



4 
            Stars
        






38


10



4 
            Stars
        






33







            Morningstar Style Box
        

            We do not publish a style box for this fund.
        





            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        
We take a conservative, income-oriented approach.
We don't use leverage or invest in derivatives, which can increase portfolio volatility.
Our analysts search for high-quality, undervalued bonds.
We buy and hold for the long term.



            Benefits
        
Monthly income is exempt from federal income taxes and Ohio personal income taxes i.
Portfolio diversification
Tenured investment team with expertise across market cycles
i. For investors subject to the alternative minimum tax, a small portion of fund dividends may be taxable. Distributions of capital gains are generally taxable.







            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Because municipal bonds are sensitive to interest rate movements, the fund’s yield and share price will fluctuate with market conditions.
Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund’s share price may decline.
Because the fund invests principally in a single state, it is subject to greater risk of adverse economic and regulatory changes in that state than a geographically diversified fund.
Changes in the credit rating of a bond, or in the credit rating or financial strength of a bond’s issuer, insurer or guarantor, may affect the bond’s value.
The fund may invest a significant part of its assets in municipal securities that finance similar types of projects, such as utilities, hospitals, higher education and transportation. A change that affects one project would likely affect all similar projects, thereby increasing market risk.





            Minimum Investment
        
$1,000.00



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
For investors subject to the alternative minimum tax, a small portion of fund dividends may be taxable.  Distributions of capital gains are generally taxable.  To avoid the imposition of 28% backup withholding on all fund distributions and redemption proceeds, U.S. investors must be properly certified on Form W-9 and non-U.S. investors on Form W-8BEN.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Because municipal bonds are sensitive to interest rate movements, the fund's yield and share price will fluctuate with market conditions. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Because the fund invests principally in a single state, it is subject to greater risk of adverse economic and regulatory changes in that state than a geographically diversified fund. Changes in the credit rating of a bond, or in the credit rating or financial strength of a bond's issuer, insurer or guarantor, may affect the bond's value. The fund may invest a significant part of its assets in municipal securities that finance similar types of projects, such as utilities, hospitals, higher education and transportation. A change that affects one project would likely affect all similar projects, thereby increasing market risk.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Barclays Municipal Bond Index.  100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation. 

A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Barclays Municipal Bond Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 




	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































