The Vantagepoint Funds | ICMA-RCRetirement Savings,Investments Log In Contact Us Español Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Sign up for MarketViewThe Vantagepoint FundsThe Vantagepoint FundsAs of September 16, 2016, The Vantagepoint Funds are no longer available for purchase through ICMA-RC administered IRA or Retirement Health Savings program accounts.
The following information about The Vantagepoint Funds will continue to be available through December 31, 2016.

Prospectuses that explain the Funds in detail, including investment objectives, principal investment strategies, and risks.
Statement of Additional Information that explains in greater detail a Fund's strategies, other permitted investments, and operations.
Annual and Semi-Annual Shareholder Reports  that contain a variety of updated information about a Fund's performance and its holdings for the period designated. In addition, the Annual Report to Shareholders includes commentary about a Fund's performance and the factors that affected this performance, such as market conditions.


Investment PhilosophyInvestment EducationInvestment Insights457 & 401 PlansIRARHS ProgramTarget-Date FundsTarget-Risk FundsStable Value InvestmentsLifetime Income FundsReturn to topGeneral ResourcesMarket ViewCareersPress RoomParticipant ResourcesFormsConstruye un Plan - en EspanolPlan Sponsor ResourcesWashington PerspectiveEmployment Transition ResourcesVantageCare Employer Investment ProgramConsultant ResourcesInformation for ConsultantsCenter for ExcellenceWhy ICMA-RC is the Right Choice for YouQuick LinksSite MapGlossaryDirections to ICMA-RCCenter for State and Local Government ExcellenceICMA-RC Privacy PolicyImportant Legal InformationOverview of Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Plans


 
 



Copyright © ICMA-RC 



Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























vantagepoint investment advisers llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers portfolio management, consulting, financial planning, and investment supervisory services. Vantagepoint Investment Advisers serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

777 North Capitol Street
Northeast, Suite 600
Washington, DC 20002
United States


Phone:
1-202-962-4600


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.icmarc.org























From The Web











Key Executives


Robert Paul Schultze "Bob"


President/Principal Manager




Karen Dunn McBarnette


Chief Compliance Officer




Wayne Anthony Wicker


Senior VP/Chief Invsmt Ofcr




Michael Ernest Guarasci Sr


Treasurer




Angela Cuttina Montez


Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,580  0.15%Nissim MashiachDavid AmiLewis Gryziewicz






World
US















Vantagepoint Investment Advisers  LLC

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameVantagepoint Investment Advisers  LLCSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 16.57 B Contact Details LocationWashington, District of ColumbiaAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.icmarc.org




Sign In
	
				 to check out Vantagepoint-Investment-Advisers-LLC and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Eagle One Investments  LLC Washington IA 0 Sullivan Wood Capital Management  L Washington DC 0 Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Capita Washington DC 0 Lynx Investment Advisory LLC Washington DC 0 Capital Hull Washington DC 0 Albright Capital Management LLC Washington DC 0 Savage Wealth Advisors  LLC Washington DC 0 Blue Vase Capital Management Washington PA 0 Fiduciary Investment Management Int Washington DC 0 Armstrong  Fleming & Moore  Inc. Washington DC 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets









































Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 2:19 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to investment companies. It launches and manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm is based in Washington, District of Columbia. Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC operates as a subsidiary of ICMA Retirement Corporation.


777 North Capitol Street North EastSuite 600Washington, DC 20002-4240United States



Phone: 202-962-4600

Fax: 202-962-4601








Key Executives for Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC




Ms. Joan Warwick McCallen


      	President
      


Age: 65
        







Mr. Wayne Anthony Wicker CFA


      	Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 60
        







Ms. Julie Hesler Dellinger CFA


      	Managing Vice President of Investments
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Lee Trenum CFA


      	Director of Investments and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Elizabeth Stephenson Glista


      	Treasurer
      


Age: 52
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC | Wealthminder











































Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC


Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC
(CRD# 109138) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Washington, DC.
They
manage $26,312,034,301 in 30 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 0 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC




777 North Capitol Street N.e., Suite 600,
Washington,
DC
20002
202-962-4600









By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

26,312
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

30
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$877,067,810







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.











Financial Advisors at Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1994




Headquarters


777 North Capitol Street Northeast, Suite 600, Washington, Dc 20002-4290




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Vantagepoint Investment Advisers provides investment advisory services to each of the Vantagepoint Funds, including the Model Portfolio Funds and Milestone Funds. The firm employs a highly-disciplined, multi-management investment approach that seeks to reduce risk over the long-term. The Vantagepoint Family of Funds includes: (1) Actively Managed Funds (2)  Index Funds (3) One-Step Investing (4) Vantagepoint Milestone Funds and (5) Model Portfolio Funds.Actively Managed Vantagepoint Funds utilize a multi-management approach that seeks to carefully select and monitor nationally-recognized investment sub-advisors. Vantagepoint carefully monitors the sub-advisors and regularly adjusts the assets between sub-advisors in to ensure the style balance of all the fund's assets. Their multi-management approach is diversified across styles and is designed to continue historically competitive performance that has produced greater consistency than a single-manager approach.Vantagepoint's Index Funds provide alternative investment options for investors who prefer funds that mirror popular investment benchmarks.The firm offers 'one-step' investing through the Vantagepoint Milestone Funds and Model Portfolio Funds. Investors may select one fund to achieve what would normally require a portfolio of different investments. The Milestone Funds offer an all-in-one investment strategy that changes the portfolio balance as the investor moves through different stages of their life. The Milestone Funds are professionally managed with a specific target retirement date in mind. The portfolio balance of the fund is achieved using changing allocations of underlying Vantagepoint Funds. The Vantagepoint Model Portfolio Funds span time horizons and risk levels and provide pre-set portfolio balance and periodic rebalancing for the most conservative to the aggressive investor. These funds invest fixed allocations in various Vantagepoint Funds.






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
August 26, 2014





                        Capture Your Ideas with Moleskine Notebooks and Livescribe Smartpens                    






 Executives & Employees



Wayne Anthony Wicker

Manager




Karen McBarnette

Chief Compliance Officer





Robert Paul Schultze

President & Principal Manager




Raymond Lee Trenum, II

Director-Investments





Elizabeth Stephenson Glista

Treasurer & Manager




David J. Braverman

Managing Vice President of Investments





Daniel Marc Kohler

Manager




Julie Hesler Dellinger

Manager





Nimrit K. Kang

Fund Manager






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC



                        Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Vantagepoint Investment Advisers LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















Vantage Investment Advisors











































Clients





Advisors



Please click one of the two options above to enter the site.












© Vantage Investment Advisors, LLC 2017


Privacy Policy
Legal Information
 









	Vantagepoint Milestone Funds Change Investment Strategy | PLANADVISER



























































































PLANSPONSOR
Newsletter 

PLANADVISERDash ARCHIVE
ADVISERDash weekend ARCHIVE
Thought Leadership Round-Up
Subscribe









 SearchSearch











 






Products


        Vantagepoint Milestone Funds Change Investment Strategy
      

          Vantagepoint Investment Advisers, LLC (VIA) has announced investment strategy changes to the Vantagepoint Milestone Funds.
       
By
      Nevin E. Adams, JD
      editors@strategic-i.com
      |
      March 22, 2010
       
















  


  

  
  
  




According to a press release, beginning in 2010, each dated Milestone Fund extended its “glide path” (i.e. the path the Fund’s asset allocation follows over time) for 10 years past the year in the fund’s name. For example, Milestone 2010 now reaches its “landing point” (i.e. the point at which its asset allocation becomes constant) in 2020. As a result of this change, the funds’ portfolios have been reallocated and the asset allocations will now age more slowly over time, according to the announcement.      When a Milestone Fund reaches its landing point – 10 years after the date in its name – it has a lower percentage of its assets in underlying equity and fixed income funds and a higher percentage in a multi-strategy fund than would have been the case prior to these changes. The Milestone Retirement Income Fund revised its portfolio allocation in January 2010 and does not change its portfolio over time, according to the firm.The Milestone Funds are target-date funds that invest in underlying Vantagepoint Funds as “funds of funds,” and the dated funds are offered in five-year intervals beginning with the Milestone 2010 Fund.     All Vantagepoint Funds invested through ICMA-RC 401 or 457 plans are held through VantageTrust.“Most retirees need to protect themselves against inflation as well as preserve their capital through long retirement periods,” said Wayne Wicker, senior vice president and chief investment officer of ICMA-RC. “The glide path of the dated Milestone Funds was developed not only to retirement but into retirement for an additional 10 years, and may help protect against inflation as well as preserve capital.” ICMA-RC is an independent not-for-profit corporation focused on providing retirement plans and related services for more than 900,000 public employees in more than 8,000 retirement plans.  




Tagged: Lifecyle funds









related articles
related research

most e-mailed


research2017 PLANADVISER DCIO Survey

From planadviser.com

CITs and Custom TDFs Shine in Mega Market Smart Beta Could be the Next Step in TDF Innovation The Callan DC Index Posted Strong Gains During First Quarter 2017The Use of Professionally Managed Portfolios Projected to Reach 75% by 2021TDFs Help U.S. Investors Avoid Market-Timing MistakesInvestment Products and Service Launches




research2017 PLANADVISER DCIO Survey

From planadviser.com





research2017 PLANADVISER DCIO Survey

From planadviser.com

Elite DC Advisers Have Had Enough of Falling FeesStudent Loan Assistance Trumps 401ks for Many EmployeesConnecticut District Court Tosses Voya Stable Value SuitMost Americans Fail Quiz on Retirement PlanningLockton Takes on PFaroe System for Pension Plans



 










Get  Email 

*
 PLANADVISERDash (i)PLANADVISERDash is a daily e-mail newsletter addressing the specific needs and concerns of advisers who specialize in the sale and servicing of institutional retirement plans by providing industry relevant news, as well as the latest trends from our proprietary research.

 Thought Leadership Round-Up (i)PLANADVISER's Thought Leadership Roundup is a monthly round-up for sponsored thought leadership Q&As, interviews and videos.







Most popular

Most Read 
Most E-mailed 
1InvestingDOL Rules Have Popularized ESG Investing Among DC Plans2Practice ManagementElite DC Advisers Have Had Enough of Falling Fees3ComplianceConnecticut District Court Tosses Voya Stable Value Suit4Deals and PeopleRetirement Industry People Moves July 10 to July 145ComplianceUBS Challenges Client Recruiting By Former Advisers1Practice ManagementElite DC Advisers Have Had Enough of Falling Fees2Client ServiceStudent Loan Assistance Trumps 401ks for Many Employees3ComplianceConnecticut District Court Tosses Voya Stable Value Suit4Data and ResearchMost Americans Fail Quiz on Retirement Planning5ProductsLockton Takes on PFaroe System for Pension Plans




 



Thought Leadership  Roundtables

Strategies for Aligning a TDF Glide Path with a Plan’s DemographicsSponsored by Charles Schwab Investment ManagementHelping Clients Find the Right College Savings StrategySponsored by AscensusValuable Executive Savings PlansSponsored by ADPOne Size Does Not Fit AllSponsored by American Century InvestmentsEquipping Advisers for Survival and Success in a Rapidly-Changing MarketSponsored by CUNA MutualConnecting the DotsSponsored by Wells Fargo Asset Management

More Thought Leadership 


 



PLANADVISER  INTERVIEW SPOTLIGHT


Stable Value Performs as Designed From MetLifeSponsored by MetLife


More videos 














Home
Deals & People
Products
Data & Research
Compliance
Practice Management
Client Service
Investing
Diversions


News & Columns
Awards
Events & webcasts
Research
Video
Thought Leadership
Newsletter
Magazine

Back To Top  




  

BrightScope
CIO
FWW
Global Custodian
Investor Economics
LiquidMetrix
Market Metrics
Matrix Solutions
PLANADVISER
Plan For Life
PLANSPONSOR
Simfund
The Trade

Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations. 














































        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






VANTAGEPOINT INVESTMENT ADVISERS, LLC(CRD# 109138 / SEC# 801-56223)
Alternate Names:
                    





                                777 NORTH CAPITOL STREET N.E., SUITE 600, WASHINGTON, DC 20002-4240






                    Investment Adviser Firm
                












The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  
























