 


Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







 



Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




















                        Restoring Health, Transforming Lives Through Innovation                    
Variant is committed to improving health outcomes and quality of life for patients with rare diseases
Learn more









                        Restoring Health, Transforming Lives Through Innovation                    
Variant is committed to improving health outcomes and quality of life for patients with rare diseases
Learn more




 




About
Variant is a specialty pharmaceutical company that leverages advanced proprietary technologies to develop and commercialize best-in-class prescription drugs to help restore health and improve quality of life for patients with rare diseases.
Learn more 



Management
At Variant we leverage the expertise and passion of our team along with advanced proprietary technologies to develop and commercialize best-in-class drugs for patients while building value for our shareholders.
Variant Management 








 


Board of Directors :: Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







 


Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.












Restoring Health, Transforming Lives Through Innovation













Home
About







About




Board of Directors


Shawn M. Titcomb
Co-Founder and Chairman


Mr. Titcomb is Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Allele Capital Partners, a life sciences and healthcare IT focused advisory and merchant banking firm. Previously he served as the Head of Investment and Merchant Banking at Noble Life Science Partners, a division of Noble Capital Markets. Prior to Noble, he was a Founding Partner at Variant Research Corporation and Senior Vice President of Avalon Research Group both of which focused on long and short life sciences equity research. Mr. Titcomb is highly proficient in scientific and corporate due diligence with the ability to leverage proprietary relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs) and C-level life sciences executives. He has a proven track-record of creating and identifying emerging life sciences companies with successful management teams, milestone outcomes and investment returns. In addition to serving as Variant's Chairman, Mr. Titcomb also serves as an Advisor to Palm Beach County's Business Development Board for Life Sciences and as Co-Chair for the Life Sciences Executive Council of South Florida. 

Stephen C. Glover
Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer


Mr. Glover has over 30 years of business experience in biopharmaceuticals and life sciences. Mr. Glover is formally the Co-Founder of Coherus Biosciences where he was focused on the business strategy, partnerships, product development efforts and capitalization of the company. Prior to Coherus, he was the President of Insmed Therapeutic Proteins as well as Chief Business Officer of Insmed Incorporated. At Insmed, Mr. Glover was responsible for the creation of the biosimilar business unit and the divestiture of the business to Merck. As Chief Business Officer he led Insmed's strategic review process which resulted in the merger of Insmed and Transave. Prior to Insmed, Mr. Glover held the position of Senior Vice President and General Manager at Andrx Laboratories and Andrx Therapeutics, both divisions of Andrx Corporation. At Andrx Mr. Glover was responsible for the strategy and operation of the Andrx Labs which developed and marketed products in metabolic diseases and Men's Health, and Andrx Therapeutics which was focused on the development of new controlled release products and contract manufacturing. He earlier held multiple sales, marketing and operational roles at Hoffman LaRoche, Amgen Inc. and IMS Health. Mr. Glover has multifaceted experience in Fortune 100, start up and entrepreneurial environments. His transaction experience covers over 25 transactions totaling over $10 billion. 

Aaron Greenblatt, Pharm D
Chief Executive Officer, G&W Laboratories, Inc.


Mr. Greenblatt has been the Chief Executive Officer of G&W Laboratories, Inc. since March 12, 2015. Mr. Greenblatt previously served as Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President at G&W Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Greenblatt rotated through several departments in G&W during various summer internships throughout high school and college and joined G&W full-time in 2009 as the head of Supply Chain. After building the newly formed Supply Chain department at G&W, Mr. Greenblatt also ran the packaging department before becoming Director of Sales, Business Development, and Company Culture. Then, as Chief Commercial Officer, Mr. Greenblatt was the architect and chief negotiator of G&W’s first and second acquisitions, tripling its manufacturing footprint and employee base in a twelve month period. Mr. Greenblatt also focused on deepening customer relationships and ensuring that G&W attracts and retains employees who are aligned with its core values.
As the fourth generation CEO from the Greenblatt family, Mr. Greenblatt continues to focus on instilling the core values into the company culture, talent-recruitment and development, commercial partnerships, and new product acquisitions, in order to further increase the company’s growth trajectory, and continue to build a sustainable organization. 

Jules A. Müsing
Pharmaceutical Executive & Advisor


In the course of his career in the Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Industry, mainly at Johnson & Johnson [NYSE: JNJ], Jules A. Müsing has been responsible for the worldwide licensing and acquisition of pharmaceutical and biotechnology prescription products and technologies and the establishment of corporate strategic alliances.
In this position he negotiated, signed and implemented several multi-million dollar deals with small, medium and large Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology companies on a worldwide basis.
He has more than 40 years’ experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry, and has been Chief Executive Officer, President and Managing Director of Johnson & Johnson companies in the US and in Europe and of the Swiss-based company Ares Serono in the US. He also has been Executive Vice President of all Ares Serono companies in North- and Latin America.
Additional accomplishments relate to his business development activities in S.E. Asia, where he was instrumental in the establishment of Johnson & Johnson pharmaceutical subsidiaries in Japan, Australia, South Africa, Thailand and other S.E. Asian countries, and to his role of Vice President Marketing International for the Janssen Group of Companies Worldwide.
Mr. Müsing currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of TherapeuticsMD, Inc. and of Delphi Digital, Inc., and is a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Noble Financial Capital Markets, an Investment Banking and Merchant Banking boutique in Boca Raton, Florida.
Mr. Müsing previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of Johnson & Johnson companies in Germany, France, Italy and the UK and served as a member of the Management Board of Ortho Biotech, a Johnson & Johnson biotechnology company in the US and in Europe. He also served as Executive Chairman of Pelican Therapeutics, Inc. and as a member of the Board of Directors of iBio, Inc.
Jules A. Müsing received his Postgraduate degree of Master in Sciences from the University of Brussels (Belgium) and his Academic degree in Economic and Financial Sciences - Cum Lauda - from the University of Antwerp (Belgium). He also completed several Postgraduate courses at Harvard University, US and the University of Cambridge, UK. His Honors thesis on the European Monetary Union (1975) was awarded with “ special recognition “ by the Prime Minister of Belgium.
He has been speaker and moderator at several national and international Healthcare conferences and congresses, and is an advisor to a number of Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical companies. 

Nico P. Pronk
Director


Mr. Pronk is President and Chief Executive Officer of Noble Capital Markets. Mr. Pronk began his financial career in Europe in 1986 on the European Options Exchange (EOE). Mr. Pronk has over 25 years’ experience working with IPOs, Secondary Offerings, Private Placements and Mergers and Acquisitions. During his career he has served as Director or Advisor to numerous privately-held and publicly traded companies. Mr. Pronk is a graduate of the Netherlands Institute of Banking and Finance, and holds various FINRA licenses. Mr. Pronk is the current Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce in Miami, is a member of the Board of Directors of the YMCA of South Palm Beach County Foundation, and is a member of the Board of Directors of MobileHelp. 
 





About Variant
Variant is a specialty pharmaceutical company that leverages advanced proprietary technologies to develop and commercialize best-in-class prescription drug therapies that optimize patient outcomes.

                                    Learn More
                            









 


Our Vision/Mission :: Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







 


Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.












Restoring Health, Transforming Lives Through Innovation













Home
About
Our Vision/Mission






About




Our Vision/Mission
Our Vision is to be recognized as a leading global specialty pharmaceutical company committed to restoring health and transforming the lives of people with rare, debilitating, and often life threatening conditions.
Our Mission is to develop novel, best-in-class drugs that optimize health outcomes and improve quality of life for patients with rare diseases. Our strategy to achieve this mission is to:

Advance development of our current product candidates
Commercialize our products in the United States
Accelerate development and maximize potential of our product candidates outside the United States through strategic alliances and collaborations with other pharmaceutical companies
Expand our current portfolio by leveraging our expertise in development and commercialization to identify and in-license additional orphan drug candidates with significant commercial potential
 





About Variant
Variant is a specialty pharmaceutical company that leverages advanced proprietary technologies to develop and commercialize best-in-class prescription drug therapies that optimize patient outcomes.

                                    Learn More
                            









 


Scientific Advisory Board :: Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







 


Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.












Restoring Health, Transforming Lives Through Innovation













Home
About
Scientific Advisory Board






About




Scientific Advisory Board




Alessia Fornoni M.D., Ph.D. 
Chief, Division of Nephrology and Hypertension
Director, Peggy and Harold Katz Family Drug Discovery Center
University of Miami Miller School of Medicine


Dr. Fornoni received her medical degree from the School of Medicine at the University of Pavia, Italy. She subsequently obtained a Ph.D. Degree in Medical Pharmacology at the same University.
She is currently tenured Professor of Medicine and Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. She is Chief of the Division of Nephrology and Hypertension and she is the Director of the Peggy and Harold Katz Drug Discovery Center at the University of Miami. She is Co-Director of Novel Methods for the Clinical and Translational Science Institute (CTSI) and Associate Director of the MD PhD program at the same Institution. Dr. Fornoni has gained experience in drug development as Global Head of Discovery in Cardiovascular and Metabolism at Hoffman-La Roche in Basel. She is currently the Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer of L&F Health LLC, a small start-up company focused on finding a cure for patients affected by chronic kidney diseases.
As a physician-scientist who has maintained a resolutely focused research program that has provided novel and seminal contributions to the understanding of the pathogenesis of kidney disease, Dr. Fornoni has conducted research supported by grants from National Institutes of Health, industry and private foundations. She has received prestigious awards, serves on the editorial board of Diabetes and other journals, has been invited to present at national and international meetings in five different continents, and has served as visiting professor at more than 25 academic institutions. Dr. Fornoni serves as grant reviewer for NIH, DOD, ADA, AHA, UK-diabetes and the Italian Ministry of Health. Her contributions have been published in high impact journals: Journal of Clinical Investigation, NEJM, Nature Medicine, Science Translational Medicine, Journal of Biological Chemistry, Diabetes, Kidney International and the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology among others. 




Steven R. Gerst, MD, MBA, MPH, CHE 
Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, MZI Healthcare
Vice President of Medical Affairs, MedCurrent Corporation
Health Informatics Board Member
Professor, Bryan University


Dr. Steven Gerst is a graduate of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons (M.D.), Columbia College (B.A.), Columbia School of Public Health – Health Administration (M.P.H.) and the Goizueta School of Business at Emory University (M.B.A.). He is a Diplomat in the American College of Healthcare Executives and has been working on completing a Doctorate in Business Administration and a Masters in Taxation. He holds FINRA Series 7, 66 and 82 licenses for Private Placements.
Dr. Steven Gerst is also Dean Emeritus of the Masters of Science Program in Applied Health Informatics at Bryan University (Los Angeles, Sacramento, Toronto and Phoenix) where he serves on the Board of Advisors and teaches on the faculty (http://bryanuniversity.edu/advisory-board-members). Dr. Gerst also serves as an Adjunct Professor of Biomedical Informatics at Nova Southeastern University College of Osteopathic Medicine.
Dr. Steven Gerst is formerly Senior Consultant and Regional Medical Director for what is now PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. He was President of Columbia/HCA’s PPO division nationally under Florida’s current Governor, Rick Scott and Vice President of the corporation (NYSE:HCA). Prior to that, he was Assistant Vice President of Crawford & Company (Atlanta; NYSE:CRDA and CRDB), the world’s largest independent claims management company, with more than 700 offices in 70 countries. At Crawford & Company, he built the first nationwide PPO for AIG, Boeing and other Crawford clients. He began his career with what is now Premier, Inc. (IPO recently filed) serving 2,900 member and owner hospitals where he built HMOs, PPOs and ran the Utilization Management consulting division.
He is a licensed Healthcare Investment Banker with StillPoint Capital (Tampa, FL) and provides Healthcare Management Consulting services to a variety of clients throughout the nation, internationally focused on managed medical programs including Health Maintenance Organizations, Preferred Provider Organizations, Management Service Organizations, Accountable Care Organizations, Provider Sponsored Networks, Health Systems, Payors, software companies and medical device companies.
Most recently, Dr. Gerst worked with the Broward Health System, Memorial Health System and Jackson Memorial Health System on the Florida Statewide ITN Medicaid project valued at approximately $800 million per year in hospital revenues covering approximately 500,000 Medicaid patients in Dade and Broward Counties. Prior to this , he was involved in the merger and acquisition of 6 HMO’s including HIP of Greater New York’s Florida Division ($500 million) and HealthNet’s Foundation Health Plan ($600 million) to create VISTA Health Plan, the largest HMO in South Florida , which was then sold to Coventry Health Plan and recently acquired by Aetna for $5.9 Billion. 




Pablo A. Guzman, MD, FACC
Acting Chief Medical Officer, Variant Pharmaceuticals


Dr. Guzman received his bachelor's degree in biology in 1971 from St Peter's College in Jersey City, his medical degree from the University of Puerto Rico School of Medicine in 1975 and his interventional cardiology fellowship at The Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore in 1980 where then he joined the staff for the next 3 years. His duties included patient care, teaching, and both clinical and basic science research. Dr. Guzman became the Assistant Director of the cardiac catheterization lab, and Co-director of the permanent pacemaker lab at The Johns Hopkins Hospital, and also Co-director of the cardiac catheterization lab at Baltimore City Hospital. He has over 30 articles in peer reviewed journals and many abstracts, some of them presented in national meetings including the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology. While at Hopkins, Dr. Guzman became a Fellow of the American Heart Association Council on Clinical Cardiology, a member of the North American Society of Pacing and Electrophysiology, and a Fellow of The American College of Cardiology.
Dr. Guzman came to South Florida in 1983, and established a private practice in Cardiology. In 1987 he designed and became the Director of the Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory at Boca Raton Community Hospital (now Boca Regional Hospital) and a Fellow of the Society for Cardiac Angiography and Interventions. He then became the Associate Director of the Cardiac catheterization Laboratory at North Ridge Medical Center.
Dr. Guzman is a past president of the Caducean Society of Greater Fort Lauderdale, a past Chief of the Department of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Diseases at North Ridge Medical Center, and a member of The North Ridge Medical Center Board. Dr. Guzman was a managing partner of Cardiology Associates of Fort Lauderdale, and is currently a member of The Broward County Medical Association. Dr. Guzman has been in the private practice of Medicine/ Cardiology in South Florida for 32 years. 




Marlene Haffner, MD, MPH
Principal and founder at Orphan Solutions and Haffner Associates, LLC
Former Director of the Office of Orphan Products Development of the FDA
Retired Rear Admiral in the US Public Health Service


Dr. Haffner was the Director of the Office of Orphan Products Development at the Food and Drug Administration for 20+ years. In addition to assisting in the development of more than 300 products in the US, she is credited with assisting in the development of programs in Japan, the European Union, Australia, and beyond.
She founded Haffner Associates in 2009 in order to continue to apply her extensive experience in development of orphan products by working with small to large biotech/pharmaceutical companies, patient advocacy groups, and government agencies. Dr. Haffner also serves as an expert advisor and board member to companies throughout the world.
Trained as an internist and hematologist, Dr. Haffner graduated from the George Washington University School of Medicine and did further training at the Columbia University School of Medicine and the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, in New York City. She received her Masters of Public Health from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore.
Following her tenure at FDA and prior to forming Haffner Associates, Dr. Haffner served as Executive Director, Global Regulatory Intelligence and Policy for two years at Amgen, the largest biotech company in the world.
Dr. Haffner has worked in the Washington, DC metropolitan area for more than 30 years. She has seen many changes in the regulatory environment during that period of time and is both sensitive and knowledgeable about politics and the political landscape. She knows “FDA think” and maintains close ties with her friends and colleagues in the agency. 




Jonathan J. Hogan, MD
Clinical Director, Penn Glomerular Disease Center
Assistant Professor of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania


Dr. Hogan is Clinical Director of the Penn Glomerular Disease Center, and Assistant Professor of Medicine, Division of Nephrology, at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.
He received his medical education at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine in Philadelphia, followed by a residency in internal medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, and Nephrology Fellowship at New York-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center. He then completed a fellowship in glomerular diseases at the Columbia University Glomerular Center.
His clinical expertise includes glomerular diseases, kidney disease in cancer patients, vasculitis, lupus nephritis, nephrotic syndrome, and proteinuria. Dr. Hogan has published more than 15 papers in peer reviewed medical journals.
Dr. Hogan is a member of the American Society of Nephrology, the Cure Glomerulopathy Network, and NephCure Kidney International. 




Ronald J. Hogg, MB., ChB, D.C.H.
Retired Pediatric Nephrologist
Director, Southwest Pediatric Nephrology Study Group
Former Chief, Division of Pediatric Nephrology Baylor Scott & White Health, Temple, Texas
Former Professor of Pediatrics, Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine, Temple Texas


Dr. Hogg received his medical education at Liverpool University Medical School in Liverpool, England. He obtained his medical degree in 1970 and then completed 2 years as a resident in medicine, surgery and pediatrics in England before moving to Canada in 1972. He completed his Pediatric Residency and a Clinical Pediatric Nephrology Fellowship at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, Canada, in 1974. He then moved to Texas where he completed a Research Nephrology Fellowship in the Department of Internal Medicine at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School (UTSWMS) in Dallas, Texas in 1976. He then joined the faculty at UTSWMS in the Departments of Pediatrics and Internal Medicine and subsequently was named head of the Division of Pediatric Nephrology at UTSWMS and Children’s Medical Center in Dallas in 1977. He was engaged in basic renal physiology research as well as developing the pediatric dialysis and transplant program over the next 3 years but in 1979 turned his attention to the development of multicenter clinical trials and formed the Southwest Pediatric Nephrology Study Group. This became his primary area of research activity and has remained so over the next 37 years.
Dr Hogg left UTSWMS in 1986 after being recruited to head up the Pediatric Department at Baylor University Medical Center. He subsequently held positions as Chief of Pediatric Nephrology at Medical City Dallas Hospital, St Joseph’s Hospital in Phoenix, AZ, and Scott & White Health Care in Temple Texas. He was also Professor of Pediatrics at Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine, Temple, Texas with this last position. Dr Hogg retired from clinical practice in 2013 but has continued with his research activities. He is a member of the American Society of Nephrology. Dr Hogg was the Pediatric Nephrologist on the original K/DOQI Board and an author on the initial publications describing the K/DOQ recommendations for patients with CKD. He was also a founding member of the K/D Improving Global Outcomes (K/DIGO) Board. Other past positions include membership on the Alport Syndrome Foundation Medical Advisory Board, Chairman of the National Kidney Foundation of North Texas Board of Directors, President of the National Kidney Foundation of North Texas Medical Advisory Board, and a member of the NIDDK Experienced Reviewer Reserve. 
Dr. Hogg has made substantial contributions to the medical/scientific literature, with well over 100 publications, including original communications, book chapters, and invited reviews. He has received many NIH grants, primarily funding the clinical trials that he has led. These trials have evaluated various treatment options for children and adults with a variety of renal diseases with the most recent studies being focused on Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis and IgA Nephropathy. His other areas of interest include acute nephritic syndrome, Alport syndrome, chronic kidney disease, hematuria, hypertension, nephrotic syndrome, nocturnal enuresis, and proteinuria. Dr Hogg is also a frequent reviewer for many Nephrology journals. 

 





About Variant
Variant is a specialty pharmaceutical company that leverages advanced proprietary technologies to develop and commercialize best-in-class prescription drug therapies that optimize patient outcomes.

                                    Learn More
                            









 


Pipeline :: Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







 


Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


























Home







Pipeline




Pipeline
Variant invests in developing specialty pharmaceutical products that improve health outcomes and quality of life for patients with rare diseases.
Current Pipeline
* Initial focus is on FSGS and AS
Our evolving product pipeline is targeted to the $100+ billion orphan drug market. Our lead orphan drug candidate is hydroxypropyl beta cyclodextrin (HPβCD) for chronic treatment of two orphan indications, VAR 200: Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) and VAR 300: Alport Syndrome (AS). Both of these conditions are rare progressive forms of kidney disease associated with accumulation of cholesterol and lipids, contributing to impaired kidney function, ultimately leading to dialysis and/or kidney transplantation. HPβCD entraps and removes lipids that can cause injury to the kidneys, and it is expected to delay progression of disease and prevent the need for dialysis and/or transplantation in patients with FSGS and AS. Additional orphan indications for HPβCD are under review for near term development. Our longer-term plans include potential development of HPβCD for prevention of diabetic kidney disease (VAR 400). 






 


Overview :: Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







 


Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.












Restoring Health, Transforming Lives Through Innovation













Home
About







About




Overview
Variant is an emerging specialty pharmaceutical company leveraging advanced proprietary technologies to develop best-in-class drugs for patients with rare diseases.
Our accomplished leadership team, each with more than 15 years of demonstrated success in the biopharmaceutical and medical industries, focuses on assuring that our development efforts serve the needs of all our stakeholders: patients, health care providers, payors, and our investors.
Our evolving product pipeline is targeted to the $100+ billion orphan drug market. Our lead orphan drug candidate is hydroxypropyl beta cyclodextrin (HPβCD) for chronic treatment of two orphan indications, VAR 200: Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) and VAR 300: Alport Syndrome (AS). Both of these conditions are rare progressive forms of kidney disease associated with accumulation of cholesterol and lipids, contributing to impaired kidney function, ultimately leading to dialysis and/or kidney transplantation. HPβCD entraps and removes lipids that can cause injury to the kidneys, and it is expected to delay progression of disease and prevent the need for dialysis and/or transplantation in patients with FSGS and AS. Additional orphan indications for HPβCD are under review for near term development. Our longer-term plans include potential development of HPβCD for prevention of diabetic kidney disease (VAR 400). 





About Variant
Variant is a specialty pharmaceutical company that leverages advanced proprietary technologies to develop and commercialize best-in-class prescription drug therapies that optimize patient outcomes.

                                    Learn More
                            
















	Home






























Home




About





Key Facts and History




Board of Directors & Management




Acquisition FAQ's




Corporate Governance




U.S. Healthcare Compliance Program




U.S. Assistance Programs




Supplier Diversity




Locations




Contact Us







Operational Expertise





Valeant United States 




Valeant Europe and the Middle East 




Valeant Latin America 




Valeant Asia Pacific and Africa 




Valeant Canada 







Responsibility





Conflict Minerals Statement




California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010




Safety Data Sheets







Investors






































Careers





Benefits




Testimonials




Valeant Businesses




Follow Us




US Locations














 









Patients




Trusted expertise in: 

Prescription Brands 
Consumer Brands
Branded Generics



Special Programs:

Patient Assistance Program
Unrestricted Educational Grants




READ MORE





What We Do


  Download Resources Product InformationSafety Data Sheets Regional Information Asia Pacific and Africa | Canada | Europe and Middle East | Latin America | United States    Research & Development Valeant Pipeline    READ MORE





News & Stock



&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ampamp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ampamp;gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ampamp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ampamp;gt;
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ampamp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ampamp;gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ampamp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ampamp;gt;











About Valeant



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. is a multinational specialty pharmaceutical company that develops and markets prescription and non-prescription pharmaceutical products that make a meaningful difference in patients' lives. The company’s growth strategy is to acquire, develop and commercialize new products through strategic partnerships, and strategically expand its pipeline by adding new compounds or products through product or company acquisitions. Headquartered in Laval, Quebec, Valeant has approximately 22,000 employees worldwide and is listed on both the New York Stock and Toronto Stock Exchanges under the symbol VRX.






Copyright © 2017 Valeant. All rights reserved.





Privacy Policy


Legal Notice


SiteMap
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:13 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a specialty pharmaceutical company, which develops and commercializes prescription pharmaceutical products. The company focuses on developing products for the treatment of men’s health, as well as for other markets where current therapies are suboptimal and underdeveloped. It offers VAR 100, an oral formulation of native testosterone to treat male hypogonadism; and VAR 200 that minimizes and prevents kidney cell damage, and improves focal segmental glomerulosclerosis prognosis. Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a strategic alliance with G&W Laboratories, Inc. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Weston, Florida.


2200 North Commerce ParkwaySuite 200Weston, FL 33326United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 954-529-2109

www.variantpharma.com







Key Executives for Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Mr. Stephen C. Glover


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Shawn M. Titcomb


      	Co-Founder and Chairman
      








Mr. Peter Wolfe


      	Acting Vice President of Finance
      








Dr. Pablo Guzman


      	Acting Chief Medical Officer and Member of Scientific Advisory Board
      








Ms. Melda Uzbil


      	Vice President of Corporate Development
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Key Developments

Jules Musing Joins Variant Pharmaceuticals' Board of Directors
Oct 20 16
Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Jules Musing, former Senior Executive at Johnson & Johnson, as a Director of the Board. Mr. Musing, in the course of his 36-year career, has been responsible for worldwide licensing and acquisition of pharmaceutical and biotechnology products, as well as creation of strategic alliances and partnerships on a global basis. Under his leadership, numerous multi-million dollar deals were executed with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies worldwide. He has been President of Johnson & Johnson companies in the US and Europe, and he was on the Board of Johnson & Johnson companies in Germany, France, Italy, and the UK.


Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents at NobleCon12, the 12th Annual Emerging Growth Investor Conference, Jan-19-2016 08:30 AM
Jan 14 16
Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents at NobleCon12, the 12th Annual Emerging Growth Investor Conference, Jan-19-2016 08:30 AM. Venue: Club Med Sandpiper Bay, Port St. Lucie, Florida, United States.


Variant Pharmaceuticals Enters Worldwide Exclusive License and Development Agreement with L&F Research
Dec 23 15
Variant Pharmaceuticals reported a worldwide exclusive license and development agreement with L&F Research to advance development of Variant's lead product, VAR 200. In a release, the company noted that VAR 200 has potential for treating multiple indications associated with the damaging effects of cellular accumulation of cholesterol and lipids on the kidney, including focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS), a rare disease affecting up to 133,000 people in the United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      January 6, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit www.variantpharma.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























VARIANT PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    VARIANT PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.











Company number P14000022784
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 3/11/2014
        

Principal Address
            951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, 33431
            


Mailing Address 951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
        
VARIANT PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Principals

Director
                Titcomb Shawn M
                 


Address
                951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                 



Director
                Glover Stephen C
                 


Address
                951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                 



Director
                Pronk Nico P
                 


Address
                951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name TITCOMB             SHAWN (p)
        

Agent Address
                951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                

VARIANT PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Events

1 ARTICLES OF         CORRECTION
            

filedDate 3/25/2014
            

Description
VARIANT PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. has been set up 3/11/2014 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The VARIANT PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. principal adress is 951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, 33431. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431. 
The company`s registered agent is TITCOMB             SHAWN 951 YAMATO ROAD, SUITE 210, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431.  
The company`s management are Director - Titcomb Shawn M, Director - Glover Stephen C, Director - Pronk Nico P. The last significant event in the company history is ARTICLES OF         CORRECTION which is dated by 3/25/2014. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
VARIANT PUBLICATIONS LLC
VARIANT SERVICES INC.
VARIANT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
VARIANT TRADING INSTITUTIONAL GROUP, INC.
VARIANT TREND SOLUTIONS
VARIANT USA, LLC






















 




	Variant Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Variant Pharmaceuticals Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Weston, Fla.


 Region

Southeast


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Renal, Endocrine/Metabolic


 Year Founded

2014


 Website

http://www.variantpharma.com



 Lead Product Status

Preclinical






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









