





















SEC.gov | Variable Annuities: What You Should Know


















      Skip to main content
    









 Search SEC.gov     

Company Filings | More Search Options










U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission









Show — Main navigation
Hide — Main navigation


About


What We Do


Commissioners


Securities Laws


SEC Docket


Reports and Publications


Careers


Contact




Divisions


Corporation Finance


Enforcement


Investment Management


Economic and Risk Analysis


Trading and Markets


National Exam Program


All Divisions and Offices




Enforcement


Litigation Releases


Administrative Proceedings


Opinions and Adjudicatory Orders


Accounting and Auditing


Trading Suspensions


How Investigations Work


Administrative Law Judges




Regulation


Rulemaking Index


Proposed Rules


Final Rules


Interim Final Temporary Rules


Other Orders and Notices


Self-Regulatory Organizations


Staff Interpretations




Education


Investor.gov


Check Out a Broker or Adviser


Investor Alerts and Bulletins


Fast Answers


File a Tip or Complaint


Publications




Filings


EDGAR Search Tools


Company Filing Search


How to Search EDGAR


Requesting Public Documents


Forms List


Information for Filers


About EDGAR




News


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony


Spotlight Topics


What's New


Upcoming Events


Webcasts


SEC Videos


Media Gallery






















U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


Divisions


Enforcement


Regulation


Education


Filings


Newsroom




Newsroom


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speehes


Testimony




RSS Feeds


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony




Social Media


@SEC_News


SEC Channel


SEC Photostream









Search SEC.gov



 



Company Filings | More Search Options













 
            Investor Publications
                   
          










































Variable Annuities: What You Should Know

                            April 18, 2011
                       


Variable annuities have become a part of the retirement and investment plans of many Americans. Before you buy a variable annuity, you should know some of the basics – and be prepared to ask your insurance agent, broker, financial planner, or other financial professional lots of questions about whether a variable annuity is right for you.
This is a general description of variable annuities – what they are, how they work, and the charges you will pay. Before buying any variable annuity, however, you should find out about the particular annuity you are considering. Request a prospectus from the insurance company or from your financial professional, and read it carefully. The prospectus contains important information about the annuity contract, including fees and charges, investment options, death benefits, and annuity payout options. You should compare the benefits and costs of the annuity to other variable annuities and to other types of investments, such as mutual funds.
Contents




    What Is a Variable Annuity?
			    How Variable Annuities Work
			    The Death Benefit and Other Features
			    Variable Annuity Charges
			    Tax-Free "1035" Exchanges
			    Bonus Credits
			    Ask Questions Before You Invest
			    For More Information




What Is a Variable Annuity? 
A variable annuity is a contract between you and an insurance company, under which the insurer agrees to make periodic payments to you, beginning either immediately or at some future date. You purchase a variable annuity contract by making either a single purchase payment or a series of purchase payments.
A variable annuity offers a range of investment options. The value of your investment as a variable annuity owner will vary depending on the performance of the investment options you choose. The investment options for a variable annuity are typically mutual funds that invest in stocks, bonds, money market instruments, or some combination of the three.
Although variable annuities are typically invested in mutual funds, variable annuities differ from mutual funds in several important ways:
First, variable annuities let you receive periodic payments for the rest of your life (or the life of your spouse or any other person you designate). This feature offers protection against the possibility that, after you retire, you will outlive your assets.
Second, variable annuities have a death benefit. If you die before the insurer has started making payments to you, your beneficiary is guaranteed to receive a specified amount – typically at least the amount of your purchase payments. Your beneficiary will get a benefit from this feature if, at the time of your death, your account value is less than the guaranteed amount.
Third, variable annuities are tax-deferred. That means you pay no taxes on the income and investment gains from your annuity until you withdraw your money. You may also transfer your money from one investment option to another within a variable annuity without paying tax at the time of the transfer. When you take your money out of a variable annuity, however, you will be taxed on the earnings at ordinary income tax rates rather than lower capital gains rates. In general, the benefits of tax deferral will outweigh the costs of a variable annuity only if you hold it as a long-term investment to meet retirement and other long-range goals.




Caution!
Other investment vehicles, such as IRAs and employer-sponsored 401(k) plans, also may provide you with tax-deferred growth and other tax advantages. For most investors, it will be advantageous to make the maximum allowable contributions to IRAs and 401(k) plans before investing in a variable annuity.
In addition, if you are investing in a variable annuity through a tax-advantaged retirement plan (such as a 401(k) plan or IRA), you will get no additional tax advantage from the variable annuity. Under these circumstances, consider buying a variable annuity only if it makes sense because of the annuity's other features, such as lifetime income payments and death benefit protection. The tax rules that apply to variable annuities can be complicated – before investing, you may want to consult a tax adviser about the tax consequences to you of investing in a variable annuity.





Remember:  Variable annuities are designed to be long-term investments, to meet retirement and other long-range goals. Variable annuities are not suitable for meeting short-term goals because substantial taxes and insurance company charges may apply if you withdraw your money early. Variable annuities also involve investment risks, just as mutual funds do.

How Variable Annuities Work 
A variable annuity has two phases: an accumulation phase and a payout phase.
During the accumulation phase, you make purchase payments, which you can allocate to a number of investment options. For example, you could designate 40% of your purchase payments to a bond fund, 40% to a U.S. stock fund, and 20% to an international stock fund. The money you have allocated to each mutual fund investment option will increase or decrease over time, depending on the fund's performance. In addition, variable annuities often allow you to allocate part of your purchase payments to a fixed account. A fixed account, unlike a mutual fund, pays a fixed rate of interest. The insurance company may reset this interest rate periodically, but it will usually provide a guaranteed minimum (e.g., 3% per year).

Example:  You purchase a variable annuity with an initial purchase payment of $10,000. You allocate 50% of that purchase payment ($5,000) to a bond fund, and 50% ($5,000) to a stock fund. Over the following year, the stock fund has a 10% return, and the bond fund has a 5% return. At the end of the year, your account has a value of $10,750 ($5,500 in the stock fund and $5,250 in the bond fund), minus fees and charges (discussed below).

Your most important source of information about a variable annuity's investment options is the prospectus. Request the prospectuses for the mutual fund investment options. Read them carefully before you allocate your purchase payments among the investment options offered. You should consider a variety of factors with respect to each fund option, including the fund's investment objectives and policies, management fees and other expenses that the fund charges, the risks and volatility of the fund, and whether the fund contributes to the diversification of your overall investment portfolio. The SEC's online publication, Mutual Fund Investing: Look at More Than a Fund's Past Performance, provides information about these factors. Another SEC online publication, Mutual Funds and ETFs – A Guide for Investors, provides general information about the types of mutual funds and the expenses they charge.
During the accumulation phase, you can typically transfer your money from one investment option to another without paying tax on your investment income and gains, although you may be charged by the insurance company for transfers. However, if you withdraw money from your account during the early years of the accumulation phase, you may have to pay "surrender charges," which are discussed below. In addition, you may have to pay a 10% federal tax penalty if you withdraw money before the age of 59½.
At the beginning of the payout phase, you may receive your purchase payments plus investment income and gains (if any) as a lump-sum payment, or you may choose to receive them as a stream of payments at regular intervals (generally monthly).
If you choose to receive a stream of payments, you may have a number of choices of how long the payments will last. Under most annuity contracts, you can choose to have your annuity payments last for a period that you set (such as 20 years) or for an indefinite period (such as your lifetime or the lifetime of you and your spouse or other beneficiary). During the payout phase, your annuity contract may permit you to choose between receiving payments that are fixed in amount or payments that vary based on the performance of mutual fund investment options.
The amount of each periodic payment will depend, in part, on the time period that you select for receiving payments. Be aware that some annuities do not allow you to withdraw money from your account once you have started receiving regular annuity payments.
In addition, some annuity contracts are structured as immediate annuities, which means that there is no accumulation phase and you will start receiving annuity payments right after you purchase the annuity.
 
The Death Benefit and Other Features 
A common feature of variable annuities is the death benefit. If you die, a person you select as a beneficiary (such as your spouse or child) will receive the greater of: (i) all the money in your account, or (ii) some guaranteed minimum (such as all purchase payments minus prior withdrawals).

Example: You own a variable annuity that offers a death benefit equal to the greater of account value or total purchase payments minus withdrawals. You have made purchase payments totaling $50,000. In addition, you have withdrawn $5,000 from your account. Because of these withdrawals and investment losses, your account value is currently $40,000. If you die, your designated beneficiary will receive $45,000 (the $50,000 in purchase payments you put in minus $5,000 in withdrawals).

Some variable annuities allow you to choose a  "stepped-up" death benefit. Under this feature, your guaranteed minimum death benefit may be based on a greater amount than purchase payments minus withdrawals. For example, the guaranteed minimum might be your account value as of a specified date, which may be greater than purchase payments minus withdrawals if the underlying investment options have performed well. The purpose of a stepped-up death benefit is to "lock in" your investment performance and prevent a later decline in the value of your account from eroding the amount that you expect to leave to your heirs. This feature carries a charge, however, which will reduce your account value.
Variable annuities sometimes offer other optional features, which also have extra charges. One common feature, the  guaranteed minimum income benefit, guarantees a particular minimum level of annuity payments, even if you do not have enough money in your account (perhaps because of investment losses) to support that level of payments.  Other features may include long-term care insurance, which pays for home health care or nursing home care if you become seriously ill.
You may want to consider the financial strength of the insurance company that sponsors any variable annuity you are considering buying. This can affect the company's ability to pay any benefits that are greater than the value of your account in mutual fund investment options, such as a death benefit, guaranteed minimum income benefit, long-term care benefit, or amounts you have allocated to a fixed account investment option.




Caution!
You will pay for each benefit provided by your variable annuity. Be sure you understand the charges. Carefully consider whether you need the benefit. If you do, consider whether you can buy the benefit more cheaply as part of the variable annuity or separately (e.g., through a long-term care insurance policy).




Variable Annuity Charges 
You will pay several charges when you invest in a variable annuity. Be sure you understand all the charges before you invest. These charges will reduce the value of your account and the return on your investment. Often, they will include the following:


Surrender charges – If you withdraw money from a variable annuity within a certain period after a purchase payment (typically within six to eight years, but sometimes as long as ten years), the insurance company usually will assess a "surrender" charge, which is a type of sales charge. This charge is used to pay your financial professional a commission for selling the variable annuity to you. Generally, the surrender charge is a percentage of the amount withdrawn, and declines gradually over a period of several years, known as the "surrender period." For example, a 7% charge might apply in the first year after a purchase payment, 6% in the second year, 5% in the third year, and so on until the eighth year, when the surrender charge no longer applies. Often, contracts will allow you to withdraw part of your account value each year – 10% or 15% of your account value, for example – without paying a surrender charge.

Example: You purchase a variable annuity contract with a $10,000 purchase payment. The contract has a schedule of surrender charges, beginning with a 7% charge in the first year, and declining by 1% each year. In addition, you are allowed to withdraw 10% of your contract value each year free of surrender charges. In the first year, you decide to withdraw $5,000, or one-half of your contract value of $10,000 (assuming that your contract value has not increased or decreased because of investment performance). In this case, you could withdraw $1,000 (10% of contract value) free of surrender charges, but you would pay a surrender charge of 7%, or $280, on the other $4,000 withdrawn.



Mortality and expense risk charge – This charge is equal to a certain percentage of your account value, typically in the range of 1.25% per year. This charge compensates the insurance company for insurance risks it assumes under the annuity contract. Profit from the mortality and expense risk charge is sometimes used to pay the insurer's costs of selling the variable annuity, such as a commission paid to your financial professional for selling the variable annuity to you.

Example: Your variable annuity has a mortality and expense risk charge at an annual rate of 1.25% of account value. Your average account value during the year is $20,000, so you will pay $250 in mortality and expense risk charges that year.



Administrative fees – The insurer may deduct charges to cover record-keeping and other administrative expenses. This may be charged as a flat account maintenance fee (perhaps $25 or $30 per year) or as a percentage of your account value (typically in the range of 0.15% per year).

Example: Your variable annuity charges administrative fees at an annual rate of 0.15% of account value. Your average account value during the year is $50,000. You will pay $75 in administrative fees.



Underlying Fund Expenses – You will also indirectly pay the fees and expenses imposed by the mutual funds that are the underlying investment options for your variable annuity.


Fees and Charges for Other Features – Special features offered by some variable annuities, such as a stepped-up death benefit, a guaranteed minimum income benefit, or long-term care insurance, often carry additional fees and charges.


Other charges, such as initial sales loads, or fees for transferring part of your account from one investment option to another, may also apply. You should ask your financial professional to explain to you all charges that may apply. You can also find a description of the charges in the prospectus for any variable annuity that you are considering.
Tax-Free “1035” Exchanges 
Section 1035 of the U.S. tax code allows you to exchange an existing variable annuity contract for a new annuity contract without paying any tax on the income and investment gains in your current variable annuity account. These tax-free exchanges, known as 1035 exchanges, can be useful if another annuity has features that you prefer, such as a larger death benefit, different annuity payout options, or a wider selection of investment choices.
You may, however, be required to pay surrender charges on the old annuity if you are still in the surrender charge period. In addition, a new surrender charge period generally begins when you exchange into the new annuity. This means that, for a significant number of years (as many as 10 years), you typically will have to pay a surrender charge (which can be as high as 9% of your purchase payments) if you withdraw funds from the new annuity. Further, the new annuity may have higher annual fees and charges than the old annuity, which will reduce your returns.




Caution!
If you are thinking about a 1035 exchange, you should compare both annuities carefully. Unless you plan to hold the new annuity for a significant amount of time, you may be better off keeping the old annuity because the new annuity typically will impose a new surrender charge period. Also, if you decide to do a 1035 exchange, you should talk to your financial professional or tax adviser to make sure the exchange will be tax-free. If you surrender the old annuity for cash and then buy a new annuity, you will have to pay tax on the surrender.




Bonus Credits 
Some insurance companies are now offering variable annuity contracts with "bonus credit" features. These contracts promise to add a bonus to your contract value based on a specified percentage (typically ranging from 1% to 5%) of purchase payments.

Example:  You purchase a variable annuity contract that offers a bonus credit of 3% on each purchase payment. You make a purchase payment of $20,000. The insurance company issuing the contract adds a bonus of $600 to your account.





Caution!
Variable annuities with bonus credits may carry a downside, however – higher expenses that can outweigh the benefit of the bonus credit offered.




Frequently, insurers will charge you for bonus credits in one or more of the following ways:


Higher surrender charges  – Surrender charges may be higher for a variable annuity that pays you a bonus credit than for a similar contract with no bonus credit.


Longer surrender periods – Your purchase payments may be subject to surrender charges for a longer period than they would be under a similar contract with no bonus credit.


Higher mortality and expense risk charges and other charges – Higher annual mortality and expense risk charges may be deducted for a variable annuity that pays you a bonus credit. Although the difference may seem small, over time it can add up. In addition, some contracts may impose a separate fee specifically to pay for the bonus credit.


Before purchasing a variable annuity with a bonus credit, ask yourself – and the financial professional who is trying to sell you the contract – whether the bonus is worth more to you than any increased charges you will pay for the bonus. This may depend on a variety of factors, including the amount of the bonus credit and the increased charges, how long you hold your annuity contract, and the return on the underlying investments. You also need to consider the other features of the annuity to determine whether it is a good investment for you.

Example:  You make purchase payments of $10,000 in Annuity A and $10,000 in Annuity B. Annuity A offers a bonus credit of 4% on your purchase payment, and deducts annual charges totaling 1.75%. Annuity B has no bonus credit and deducts annual charges totaling 1.25%. Let's assume that both annuities have an annual rate of return, prior to expenses, of 10%. By the tenth year, your account value in Annuity A will have grown to $22,978. But your account value in Annuity B will have grown more, to $23,136, because Annuity B deducts lower annual charges, even though it does not offer a bonus.

You should also note that a bonus may only apply to your initial premium payment, or to premium payments you make within the first year of the annuity contract. Further, under some annuity contracts the insurer will take back all bonus payments made to you within the prior year or some other specified period if you make a withdrawal, if a death benefit is paid to your beneficiaries upon your death, or in other circumstances.




Caution!
If you already own a variable annuity and are thinking of exchanging it for a different annuity with a bonus feature, you should be careful. Even if the surrender period on your current annuity contract has expired, a new surrender period generally will begin when you exchange that contract for a new one. This means that, by exchanging your contract, you will forfeit your ability to withdraw money from your account without incurring substantial surrender charges. And as described above, the schedule of surrender charges and other fees may be higher on the variable annuity with the bonus credit than they were on the annuity that you exchanged.





Example:  You currently hold a variable annuity with an account value of $20,000, which is no longer subject to surrender charges. You exchange that annuity for a new variable annuity, which pays a 4% bonus credit and has a surrender charge period of eight years, with surrender charges beginning at 9% of purchase payments in the first year. Your account value in this new variable annuity is now $20,800. During the first year you hold the new annuity, you decide to withdraw all of your account value because of an emergency situation. Assuming that your account value has not increased or decreased because of investment performance, you will receive $20,800 minus 9% of your $20,000 purchase payment, or $19,000. This is $1,000 less than you would have received if you had stayed in the original variable annuity, where you were no longer subject to surrender charges.

In short:   Take a hard look at bonus credits. In some cases, the "bonus" may not be in your best interest.
Ask Questions Before You Invest 
Financial professionals who sell variable annuities have a duty to advise you as to whether the product they are trying to sell is suitable to your particular investment needs. Don't be afraid to ask them questions. And write down their answers, so there won't be any confusion later as to what was said.
Variable annuity contracts typically have a "free look" period of ten or more days, during which you can terminate the contract without paying any surrender charges and get back your purchase payments (which may be adjusted to reflect charges and the performance of your investment). You can continue to ask questions in this period to make sure you understand your variable annuity before the "free look" period ends.
Before you decide to buy a variable annuity, consider the following questions:
 

Will you use the variable annuity primarily to save for retirement or a similar long-term goal?
	 

Are you investing in the variable annuity through a retirement plan or IRA (which would mean that you are not receiving any additional tax-deferral benefit from the variable annuity)?
	 

Are you willing to take the risk that your account value may decrease if the underlying mutual fund investment options perform badly?
	 

Do you understand the features of the variable annuity?
	 

Do you understand all of the fees and expenses that the variable annuity charges?
	 

Do you intend to remain in the variable annuity long enough to avoid paying any surrender charges if you have to withdraw money?
	 

If a variable annuity offers a bonus credit, will the bonus outweigh any higher fees and charges that the product may charge?
	 

Are there features of the variable annuity, such as long-term care insurance, that you could purchase more cheaply separately?
	 

Have you consulted with a tax adviser and considered all the tax consequences of purchasing an annuity, including the effect of annuity payments on your tax status in retirement?
	 

If you are exchanging one annuity for another one, do the benefits of the exchange outweigh the costs, such as any surrender charges you will have to pay if you withdraw your money before the end of the surrender charge period for the new annuity?


Remember:   Before purchasing a variable annuity, you owe it to yourself to learn as much as possible about how they work, the benefits they provide, and the charges you will pay.

For More Information 
Other SEC Online Publications
 

Mutual Funds and ETFs – A Guide for Investors – Basic information about investing in mutual funds and ETFs. Much of this information applies to variable annuities, as well.

	 

Mutual Fund Investing: Look at More Than a Fund's Past Performance – Describes some of the factors you should consider in choosing a mutual fund.
	 

Mutual Fund Cost Calculator – Allows you to compare the total costs of owning different mutual funds.
	 

Ask Questions – Questions you should ask about all of your investments, the people who sell them to you, and what to do if you run into problems.
	 

Check Out Brokers and Advisers – Describes how to get background information about your broker or investment adviser, including prior employment history and disciplinary actions.
	 

Complaints? What to Do – Describes how to handle a problem with your broker or investment adviser.

Other Web Sites That May Be Helpful
 

FINRA — FINRA is an independent self-regulatory organization charged with regulating the securities industry, including sellers of variable annuities. The FINRA has issued several investor alerts on the topic of variable annuities, and has also issued a release to its members giving guidance on how to present information on the impact of taxes upon investment returns in a variable annuity as compared to a non-specific taxable account. If you have a complaint or problem about sales practices involving variable annuities, you should contact the District Office of FINRA nearest you. A list of FINRA District Offices is available on FINRA's web site.
National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) — The NAIC is the national organization of state insurance commissioners. Variable annuities are regulated by state insurance commissions, as well as by the SEC. The NAIC's web site contains an interactive map of the United States with links to the home pages of each state insurance commissioner. You may contact your state insurance commissioner with questions or complaints about variable annuities. 

How To Contact the SEC With Questions or Complaints

Office of Investor Education and Advocacy
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
100 F Street, N.E.
Washington, D.C. 20549-0213
Fax: (202) 772-9295
Questions: Fast Answers
Online Complaint Form.

 












          Modified: April 18, 2011
      










STAY CONNECTED
1 Twitter 2 Facebook 3RSS 4YouTube
5 Flickr  6LinkedIn 7 Pinterest 8 Email Updates 



































































VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT
List of persons related to the company VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT.

CIK Number: 0000857588IRS Number: 132690792Trading symbol: UCBICompany address: 489 FIFTH AVE. 28TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10017Former name: CANADA LIFE OF NEW YORK VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT 1, date of change: 1992-07-03



People related to VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT
NamePositionStreetCityCountryKENNETH L  DANIELSC/O UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. PO BOX 398BLAIRSVILLEGA




VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT on the Web
Related companiesVariable MRI Services, LLC, VARIABLE, INC.












 








VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT $UCBI, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (1) | Filings (244) |  Stock |  News
CIK Number: 0000857588IRS Number: 132690792VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT is a publicly traded companyTrading symbol: UCBI

News2017-07-27

Keefe Bruyette & Woods Downgrades Rating On United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI ...
 First News 24
On January 21 SunTrust Robinson Humphrey made no change to the company rating of “Buy” and moved down the price target to $20.00 from $25.00.



2017-07-27

Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announces 2017 Second Quarter Earnings
 Business Wire (press release)
On June 27, 2017, the Company announced the execution of a definitive merger agreement with United Community Banks, Inc. ("United") to acquire the Company and the Bank in a stock and cash transaction. Under the terms of the agreement the Company's ...

2017-07-26

Right After Earnings, The Intelligent Options Trade in United Community Banks Inc
 CML News
For United Community Banks Inc, irrespective of whether the earnings move was up or down, if we waited two-days after the stock move, and then sold a one-month out of the money put spread, the results were simply staggering.

2017-07-26

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. (NASDAQ:UCBI) Files An 8-K Results of Operations ...
 Market Exclusive
On July 26, 2017, United Community Banks, Inc. (the “Registrant”) issued a news release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 (the “News Release”).

2017-07-26

Trading Options: United Community Banks Inc (NASDAQ:UCBI) : Using Covered ...
 CML News
While covered calls are one of the most commonly used option strategies, it turns out we need to be clever in how we treat earnings in order to maximize the strategy in United Community Banks Inc (NASDAQ:UCBI) . Even further, if we don't do this ...



2017-07-26

United Community Banks, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Earnings
 GlobeNewswire (press release)
BLAIRSVILLE, Ga., July 26, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- United Community Banks, Inc. (NASDAQ:UCBI) (“United”) today announced strong second quarter results with disciplined expense management, sound credit quality and meaningful margin ...
United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats ... - Week Herald
Bank of America Corp DE Has $20.79 Million Stake in United Community Banks ... - BNB Daily (blog)

2017-07-25

United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance ...
 The Cerbat Gem
United Community Banks logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lowered its position in shares of United Community Banks, Inc. (NASDAQ:UCBI) by 1.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange ...
United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI) Analysts See $0.41 EPS - Finance News Daily

VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT address489 FIFTH AVE.28TH FLOORNEW YORK 10017Former nameFormer name of this company was CANADA LIFE OF NEW YORK VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT 1, date of change: 1992-07-03.
Earliest known filing
March 1996
Latest known filing
July 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT has 244 filings. View VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT filings.
PeopleWe have found 1 people related to VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT.
Similar companiesVARIABLE ACCOUNT A OF MONARCH LIFE INSURANCE CO, VARIABLE ACCOUNT D OF MONARCH LIFE INSURANCE CO, VARIABLE ACCOUNT D OF UNION SECURITY INSURANCE CO, VARIABLE ACCOUNT G OF MONARCH LIFE INSURANCE CO, VARIABLE ACCOUNT H OF MONARCH LIFE INSURANCE CO, VARIABLE ACCOUNT J OF LIBERTY LIFE ASSURANCE CO OF BOSTON, VARIABLE ACCOUNT K OF LIBERTY LIFE ASSURANCE CO OF BOSTON, VARIABLE ACCT C OF ING LIFE INSURANCE & ANNUITY CO, VARIABLE ANNUITY 1 SERIES ACCOUNT, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT A, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT A OF PROTECTIVE LIFE, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT B, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT B OF VOYA RETIREMENT INSURANCE & ANNUITY Co, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT FIVE, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT FOUR, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G OF VOYA RETIREMENT INSURANCE & ANNUITY Co, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT I OF VOYA RETIREMENT INSURANCE & ANNUITY Co, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT NINE, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT ONE, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT ONE OF FIRST SUNAMERICA LIFE INS CO, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT SEVEN, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT SIX, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT THREE, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT TWO, VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCT C OF VOYA RETIREMENT INSURANCE & ANNUITY Co, VARIABLE ANNUITY I SER ACC OF GRT WEST LI & ANNU INS CO OF NY, VARIABLE ANNUITY LIFE INSURANCE CO, VARIABLE ANNUITY LIFE INSURANCE CO /TX/, VARIABLE ANNUITY LIFE INSURANCE CO SEPARATE ACCOUNT A, VARIABLE ANNUITY MARKETING CO                           /BD, Variable Annuity-2 Series Account, VARIABLE ANNUITY-3 SERIES ACCOUNT, Variable Annuity-6 Series Account, Variable Annuity-8 Series Account (of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Co of New York), Variable Annuity-8 Series Account (of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company), VARIABLE FUND D, Variable Funding Capital CO LLC, VARIABLE INSURANCE FUNDS, VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND, VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND II, VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND III, VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND III, VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND IV, Variable Insurance Products Fund V, VARIABLE INSURANCE TRUST, VARIABLE INVESTMENT ADVISORS, INC., VARIABLE INVESTMENT TRUST, VARIABLE INVESTORS SERIES TRUST /MA/, VARIABLE INVTMT PLAN FOR AMERICAN CAPITAL ENTERPRISE FUND














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about VARIABLE ANNUITY-2 SERIES ACCOUNT. 








Annuity (American) - Wikipedia





















 






Annuity (American)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Annuity (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In the United States, an annuity is a contractually executed, relatively low-risk investment product, where the insured (usually, an individual) pays a life insurance company a lump-sum premium at the start of the contract. That money is to be paid back to the insured in fixed, incremental amounts, over some future period (predetermined by the insured). The insurer invests the premium; the resulting profit/return on investment funds the payments received by the insured and compensate the insurer. Conventional annuity contracts provide a predictable, guaranteed stream of future income (e.g., for retirement) until the death(s) of the beneficiaries(s) named in the contract, or, until a future termination date — whichever occurs first.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 General
3 Immediate annuity

3.1 Annuity with period certain
3.2 Life annuity

3.2.1 Life annuity variants




4 Deferred annuity

4.1 Features
4.2 Criticisms of deferred annuities


5 Taxation
6 Insurance company default risk and state guaranty associations
7 Compensation for advisors or salespeople
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
Although annuities have existed in their present form only for a few decades, the idea of paying out a stream of income to an individual or family dates back to the Roman Empire. The Latin word annua meant annual stipends, and during the reign of the emperors, the word signified a contract that made annual payments. Individuals would make a single large payment into the annua and then receive an annual payment each year until death, or for a specified period of time. The Roman speculator and jurist Gnaeus Domitius Annius Ulpianus is cited as one of the earliest dealers of these annuities, and he is also credited with creating the first actuarial life table. Roman soldiers were paid annuities as a form of compensation for military service. During the Middle Ages, annuities were used by feudal lords and kings to help cover the heavy costs of their constant wars and conflicts with each other. At this time, annuities were offered in the form of a tontine, or a large pool of cash from which payments were made to investors.[2]
One of the early recorded uses of annuities in the United States was by the Presbyterian Church in 1720. The purpose was to provide a secure retirement to aging ministers and their families, and was later expanded to assist widows and orphans. In 1912, Pennsylvania Company Insurance was among the first to begin offering annuities to the general public in the United States. Some prominent figures who are noted for their use of annuities include: Benjamin Franklin assisting the cities of Boston and Philadelphia; Babe Ruth avoiding losses during the great depression, O. J. Simpson protecting his income from lawsuits and creditors. Ben Bernanke in 2006 disclosed that his major financial assets are two annuities.[3]
General[edit]
Annuity contracts in the United States are defined by the Internal Revenue Code and regulated by the individual states. Variable annuities have features of both life insurance and investment products.[4] In the U.S., annuity insurance may be issued only by life insurance companies, although private annuity contracts may be arranged between donors to non-profits to reduce taxes. Insurance companies are regulated by the states, so contracts or options that may be available in some states may not be available in others. Their federal tax treatment, however, is governed by the Internal Revenue Code. Variable annuities are regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the sale of variable annuities is overseen by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) (the largest non-governmental regulator for all securities firms doing business in the United States).
There are two possible phases for an annuity, one phase in which the customer deposits and accumulates money into an account (the deferral phase), and another phase in which customers receive payments for some period of time (the annuity or income phase). During this latter phase, the insurance company makes income payments that may be set for a stated period of time, such as five years, or continue until the death of the customer(s) (the "annuitant(s)") named in the contract. Annuitization over a lifetime can have a death benefit guarantee over a certain period of time, such as ten years. Annuity contracts with a deferral phase always have an annuity phase and are called deferred annuities. An annuity contract may also be structured so that it has only the annuity phase; such a contract is called an immediate annuity. Note this is not always the case.
Immediate annuity[edit]
The term "annuity," as used in financial theory, is most closely related to what is today called an immediate annuity. This is an insurance policy which, in exchange for a sum of money, guarantees that the issuer will make a series of payments. These payments may be either level or increasing periodic payments for a fixed term of years or until the ending of a life or two lives, or even whichever is longer. It is also possible to structure the payments under an immediate annuity so that they vary with the performance of a specified set of investments, usually bond and equity mutual funds. Such a contract is called a variable immediate annuity. See also life annuity, below.
The overarching characteristic of the immediate annuity is that it is a vehicle for distributing savings with a tax-deferred growth factor. A common use for an immediate annuity might be to provide a pension income. In the U.S., the tax treatment of a non-qualified immediate annuity is that every payment is a combination of a return of principal (which part is not taxed) and income (which is taxed at ordinary income rates, not capital gain rates). Immediate annuities funded as an IRA do not have any tax advantages, but typically the distribution satisfies the IRS RMD requirement and may satisfy the RMD requirement for other IRA accounts of the owner (see IRS Sec 1.401(a)(9)-6.)
When a deferred annuity is annuitized, it works like an immediate annuity from that point on, but with a lower cost basis and thus more of the payment is taxed.
Annuity with period certain[edit]
This type of immediate annuity pays the annuitant for a designated number of years (i.e., a period certain) and is used to fund a need that will end when the period is up (for example, it might be used to fund the premiums for a term life insurance policy). Thus the person may outlive the number of years the annuity will pay.
Life annuity[edit]
Main article: Life annuity
A life or lifetime immediate annuity is used to provide an income for the life of the annuitant similar to a defined benefit or pension plan.
A life annuity works somewhat like a loan that is made by the purchaser (contract owner) to the issuing (insurance) company, which pays back the original capital or principal (which isn't taxed) with interest and/or gains (which is taxed as ordinary income) to the annuitant on whose life the annuity is based. The assumed period of the loan is based on the life expectancy of the annuitant. In order to guarantee that the income continues for life, the insurance company relies on a concept called cross-subsidy or the "law of large numbers". Because an annuity population can be expected to have a distribution of lifespans around the population's mean (average) age, those dying earlier will give up income to support those living longer whose money would otherwise run out. Thus it is a form of longevity insurance (see also below).
A life annuity, ideally, can reduce the "problem" faced by a person when they don't know how long they will live, and so they don't know the optimal speed at which to spend their savings. Life annuities with payments indexed to the Consumer Price Index might be an acceptable solution to this problem, but there is only a thin market for them in North America.
Life annuity variants[edit]
For an additional expense (either by way of an increase in payments (premium) or a decrease in benefits), an annuity or benefit rider can be purchased on another life such as a spouse, family member or friend for the duration of whose life the annuity is wholly or partly guaranteed. For example, it is common to buy an annuity which will continue to pay out to the spouse of the annuitant after death, for so long as the spouse survives. The annuity paid to the spouse is called a reversionary annuity or survivorship annuity. However, if the annuitant is in good health, it may be more advantageous to select the higher payout option on his or her life only and purchase a life insurance policy that would pay income to the survivor.
The pure life annuity can have harsh consequences for the annuitant who dies before recovering his or her investment in the contract. Such a situation, called a forfeiture, can be mitigated by the addition of a period-certain feature under which the annuity issuer is required to make annuity payments for at least a certain number of years; if the annuitant outlives the specified period certain, annuity payments continue until the annuitant's death, and if the annuitant dies before the expiration of the period certain, the annuitant's estate or beneficiary is entitled to the remaining payments certain. The tradeoff between the pure life annuity and the life-with-period-certain annuity is that the annuity payment for the latter is smaller. A viable alternative to the life-with-period-certain annuity is to purchase a single-premium life policy that would cover the lost premium in the annuity.
Impaired-life annuities for smokers or those with a particular illness are also available from some insurance companies. Since the life expectancy is reduced, the annual payment to the purchaser is raised.
Life annuities are priced based on the probability of the annuitant surviving to receive the payments. Longevity insurance is a form of annuity that defers commencement of the payments until very late in life. A common longevity contract would be purchased at or before retirement but would not commence payments until 20 years after retirement. If the nominee dies before payments commence there is no payable benefit. This drastically reduces the cost of the annuity while still providing protection against outliving one's resources.
Deferred annuity[edit]
The second usage for the term annuity came into being during the 1970s. Such a contract is more properly referred to as a deferred annuity and is chiefly a vehicle for accumulating savings with a view to eventually distributing them either in the manner of an immediate annuity or as a lump-sum payment.
All varieties of deferred annuities owned by individuals have one thing in common: any increase in account values is not taxed until those gains are withdrawn. This is also known as tax-deferred growth.
A deferred annuity which grows by interest rate earnings alone is called a fixed deferred annuity (FA). A deferred annuity that permits allocations to stock or bond funds and for which the account value is not guaranteed to stay above the initial amount invested is called a variable annuity (VA).
A new category of deferred annuity, called the fixed indexed annuity (FIA) emerged in 1995 (originally called an Equity-Indexed Annuity).[5] Fixed indexed annuities may have features of both fixed and variable deferred annuities. The insurance company typically guarantees a minimum return for EIA. An investor can still lose money if he or she cancels (or surrenders) the policy early, before a "break even" period. An oversimplified expression of a typical EIA's rate of return might be that it is equal to a stated "participation rate" multiplied by a target stock market index's performance excluding dividends. Interest rate caps or an administrative fee may be applicable.
Deferred annuities in the United States have the advantage that taxation of all capital gains and ordinary income is deferred until withdrawn. In theory, such tax-deferred compounding allows more money to be put to work while the savings are accumulating, leading to higher returns. A disadvantage, however, is that when amounts held under a deferred annuity are withdrawn or inherited, the interest/gains are immediately taxed as ordinary income.
Features[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


A variety of features and guarantees have been developed by insurance companies in order to make annuity products more attractive. These include death and living benefit options, extra credit options, account guarantees, spousal continuation benefits, reduced contingent deferred sales charges (or surrender charges), and various combinations thereof. Each feature or benefit added to a contract will typically be accompanied by an additional expense either directly (billed to client) or indirectly (inside product).
Deferred annuities are usually divided into two different kinds:

Fixed annuities offer some sort of guaranteed rate of return over the life of the contract. In general such contracts are often positioned to be somewhat like bank CDs and offer a rate of return competitive with those of CDs of similar time frames. Many fixed annuities, however, do not have a fixed rate of return over the life of the contract, offering instead a guaranteed minimum rate and a first year introductory rate. The rate after the first year is often an amount that may be set at the insurance company's discretion subject, however, to the minimum amount (typically 3%). There are usually some provisions in the contract to allow a percentage of the interest and/or principal to be withdrawn early and without penalty (usually the interest earned in a 12-month period or 10%), unlike most CDs. Fixed annuities normally become fully liquid depending on the surrender schedule or upon the owner's death. Most equity index annuities are properly categorized as fixed annuities and their performance is typically tied to a stock market index (usually the S&P 500 or the Dow Jones Industrial Average). These products are guaranteed but are not as easy to understand as standard fixed annuities as there are usually caps, spreads, margins, and crediting methods that can reduce returns. These products also don't pay any of the participating market indices' dividends; the trade-off is that contract holder can never earn less than 0% in a negative year.
Variable annuities allow money to be invested in insurance company "separate accounts" (which are sometimes referred to as "subaccounts" and in any case are functionally similar to mutual funds) in a tax-deferred manner.[6] Their primary use is to allow an investor to engage in tax-deferred investing for retirement in amounts greater than permitted by individual retirement or 401(k) plans. In addition, many variable annuity contracts offer a guaranteed minimum rate of return (either for a future withdrawal and/or in the case of the owner's death), even if the underlying separate account investments perform poorly. This can be attractive to people uncomfortable investing in the equity markets without the guarantees. Of course, an investor will pay for each benefit provided by a variable annuity, since insurance companies must charge a premium to cover the insurance guarantees of such benefits. Variable annuities are regulated both by the individual states (as insurance products) and by the Securities and Exchange Commission (as securities under the federal securities laws). The SEC requires that all of the charges under variable annuities be described in great detail in the prospectus that is offered to each variable annuity customer. Of course, potential customers should review these charges carefully, just as one would in purchasing mutual fund shares. People who sell variable annuities are usually regulated by FINRA, whose rules of conduct require a careful analysis of the suitability of variable annuities (and other securities products) to those to whom they recommend such products. These products are often criticized as being sold to the wrong persons, who could have done better investing in a more suitable alternative, since the commissions paid under this product are often high relative to other investment products.

There are several types of performance guarantees, and one may often choose them à la carte, with higher risk charges for guarantees that are riskier for the insurance companies. The first type is a guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB), which can be received only if the owner of the annuity contract, or the covered annuitant, dies.
GMDBs come in various flavors, in order of increasing risk to the insurance company:

Return of premium (a guarantee that you will not have a negative return)
Roll-up of premium at a particular rate (a guarantee that you will achieve a minimum rate of return, greater than 0)
Maximum anniversary value (looks back at account value on the anniversaries, and guarantees you will get at least as much as the highest values upon death)
Greater of maximum anniversary value or particular roll-up

Insurance companies provide even greater insurance coverage on guaranteed living benefits, which tend to be elective. Unlike death benefits, which the contractholder generally cannot time, living benefits pose significant risk for insurance companies as contractholders will likely exercise these benefits when they are worth the most. Annuities with guaranteed living benefits (GLBs) tend to have high fees commensurate with the additional risks underwritten by the issuing insurer.
Some GLB examples, in no particular order:

Guaranteed minimum income benefit (GMIB, a guarantee that one will get a minimum income stream upon annuitization at a particular point in the future)
Guaranteed minimum accumulation lbenefit (GMAB, a guarantee that the account value will be at a certain amount at a certain point in the future)
Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit (GMWB, a guarantee similar to the income benefit, but one that doesn't require annuitizing)
Guaranteed-for-life income benefit (a guarantee similar to a withdrawal benefit, where withdrawals begin and continue until cash value becomes zero, withdrawals stop when cash value is zero and then annuitization occurs on the guaranteed benefit amount for a payment amount that is not determined until annuitization date.)

Recently, insurance companies developed asset-transfer programs that operate at the contract level or the fund level. In the former, a percentage of client's account value will be transferred to a designated low-risk fund when the contract has poor investment performance. On the fund level, certain investment options have a target volatility built within the fund (usually about 10%) and will re-balance to maintain that target. In both cases, they are stated to help buffer poor investment performance until markets perform better (where they will transition back to normal allocations to catch an upswing). However, there are criticisms of these programs including, but not limited to, often mandating these programs on clients, restricting flexibility of investing, and not catching the upswing of markets fast enough due to the underlying design of such programs.
Be careful in regard to using GLB riders in non-qualified contracts as most of the products in the annuity marketplace today create a 100% taxable income benefit whereas income generated from an immediate annuity in a non-qualified contract would partially be a return of principal and therefore non-taxable.
Criticisms of deferred annuities[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Some annuities do not have any deferred surrender charges and do not pay the financial professional a commission, although the financial professional may charge a fee for his or her advice. These contracts are called "no-load" variable annuity products and are usually available from a fee-based financial planner or directly from a no-load mutual fund company. Of course various charges are still imposed on these contracts, but they are less than those sold by commissioned brokers. It is important that potential purchasers of annuities, mutual funds, tax-exempt municipal bonds, commodities futures, interest rate swaps, in short, any financial instrument understand the fees on the product and the fees a financial planner may charge.
Variable annuities are controversial because many believe the extra fees (i.e., the fees above and beyond those charged for similar retail mutual funds that offer no principal protection or guarantees of any kind) may reduce the rate of return compared to what the investor could make by investing directly in similar investments outside of the variable annuity. A big selling point for variable annuities is the guarantees many have, such as the guarantee that the customer will not lose his or her principal. Critics say that these guarantees are not necessary because over the long term the market has always been positive, while others say that with the uncertainty of the financial markets many investors simply will not invest without guarantees.[who?] Past returns are no guarantee of future performance, of course, and different investors have different risk tolerances, different investment horizons, different family situations, and so on. The sale of any security product should involve a careful analysis of the suitability of the product for a given individual.
Taxation[edit]
In the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the growth of the annuity value during the accumulation phase is tax-deferred, that is, not subject to current income tax, for annuities owned by individuals. The tax deferred status of deferred annuities has led to their common usage in the United States. Under the U.S. tax code, the benefits from annuity contracts do not always have to be taken in the form of a fixed stream of payments (annuitization), and many annuity contracts are bought primarily for the tax benefits rather than to receive a fixed stream of income. If an annuity is used in a qualified pension plan or an IRA funding vehicle, then 100% of the annuity payment is taxable as current income upon distribution (because the taxpayer has no tax basis in any of the money in the annuity). It should be noted this is the same tax treatment of direct participation in a qualified pension plan (such as a 401K), again, due to the fact the taxpayer has no tax basis in any of the money in the plan. If the annuity contract is purchased with after-tax dollars, then the contract holder upon annuitization recovers his basis pro-rata in the ratio of basis divided by the expected value, according to the tax regulation Section 1.72-5. (This is commonly referred to as the exclusion ratio.) After the taxpayer has recovered all of his basis, then 100% of the payments thereafter are subject to ordinary income tax.
Since the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003, the use of variable annuities as a tax shelter has greatly diminished, because the growth of mutual funds and now most of the dividends of the fund are taxed at long term capital gains rates. This taxation, contrasted with the taxation of all the growth of variable annuities at income rates, means that in most cases, variable annuities shouldn't be used for tax shelters unless very long holding periods apply (for example, more than 20 years).
Insurance company default risk and state guaranty associations[edit]
Main article: Guaranty association
An investor should consider the financial strength of the insurance company that writes annuity contracts. Major insolvencies have occurred at least 62 times since the conspicuous collapse of the Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.[1]
Insurance company defaults are governed by state law. The laws are, however, broadly similar in most states. Annuity contracts are protected against insurance company insolvency up to a specific dollar limit, often $100,000, but as high as $500,000 in New York [2], New Jersey [3], and the state of Washington [4]. California is the only state that has a limit less than 100%; the limit is 80% up to $300,000.[7] This protection is not insurance and is not provided by a government agency. It is provided by an entity called the state guaranty association. When an insolvency occurs, the guaranty association steps in to protect annuity holders, and decides what to do on a case-by-case basis. Sometimes the contracts will be taken over and fulfilled by a solvent insurance company.
The state guaranty association is not a government agency, but states usually require insurance companies to belong to it as a condition of being licensed to do business. The guaranty associations of the fifty states are members of a national umbrella association, the National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations (NOLHGA). The NOLHGA website provides a description of the organization, links to websites for the individual state organizations, and links to the actual text of the governing state laws.
A difference between guaranty association protection and the protection of bank accounts by the FDIC, credit union accounts by the NCUA, and brokerage accounts by the SIPC, is that it is difficult for consumers to learn about this protection. Usually, state law prohibits insurance agents and companies from using the guaranty association in any advertising and agents are prohibited by statute from using this Web site or the existence of the guaranty association as an inducement to purchase insurance(e.g., [5]). Presumably, this is a response to concerns by stronger insurance companies about moral hazard.
Compensation for advisors or salespeople[edit]
Deferred annuities, including fixed, fixed indexed and variable, typically pay the advisor or salesperson 1 percent to 10 percent of the amount invested as a commission, with possible trail options of 25 basis points to 1 percent. Sometimes the advisor can select his payout option, which might be either 7 or 10 percent up front, or 5 percent up front with a 25 basis point trail, or 1 percent to 3 percent up front with a 1 percent trail. Trail commissions are most common in variable annuities while fixed annuities and fixed indexed annuities typically pay an up front commission.
Some firms allow an investor to pick an annuity share class, which determines the salesperson's commission schedule. The main variables are the up-front commission and the trail commission.
Fixed and Indexed Annuity commissions are paid to the agent by the insurance companies the agent represents. Commissions are not paid by the client (annuitant).
"No-load" variable annuities are available on a direct-to-consumer basis from several no-load mutual fund companies. "No-load" means the products have no sales commissions or surrender charges.
References[edit]

^ "Annuity Definition". Annuity.com. Retrieved 2012-11-14. .
^ Mark P. Cussen, CFP®, CMFC, AFC. "Introduction To Annuities: The History Of Annuities". Investopedia. Retrieved February 28, 2015. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "The History of Annuities". Annuity Guys®. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ "SEC.gov - Annuities". sec.gov. April 6, 2011. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ US SEC Answers on Equity-Indexed Annuities Archived February 9, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "SEC.gov - Variable Annuities: What You Should Know". sec.gov. April 18, 2011. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ "State Guarantee Funds". annuityadvantage.com. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 


External links[edit]

National Association of Insurance Commissioners
The National Association for Fixed Annuities





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Annuity_(American)&oldid=770918367"					
Categories: Insurance in the United StatesUnited States contract lawAnnuitiesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2012All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 March 2017, at 12:11.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Annuity (American) - Wikipedia





















 






Annuity (American)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Annuity (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In the United States, an annuity is a contractually executed, relatively low-risk investment product, where the insured (usually, an individual) pays a life insurance company a lump-sum premium at the start of the contract. That money is to be paid back to the insured in fixed, incremental amounts, over some future period (predetermined by the insured). The insurer invests the premium; the resulting profit/return on investment funds the payments received by the insured and compensate the insurer. Conventional annuity contracts provide a predictable, guaranteed stream of future income (e.g., for retirement) until the death(s) of the beneficiaries(s) named in the contract, or, until a future termination date — whichever occurs first.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 General
3 Immediate annuity

3.1 Annuity with period certain
3.2 Life annuity

3.2.1 Life annuity variants




4 Deferred annuity

4.1 Features
4.2 Criticisms of deferred annuities


5 Taxation
6 Insurance company default risk and state guaranty associations
7 Compensation for advisors or salespeople
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
Although annuities have existed in their present form only for a few decades, the idea of paying out a stream of income to an individual or family dates back to the Roman Empire. The Latin word annua meant annual stipends, and during the reign of the emperors, the word signified a contract that made annual payments. Individuals would make a single large payment into the annua and then receive an annual payment each year until death, or for a specified period of time. The Roman speculator and jurist Gnaeus Domitius Annius Ulpianus is cited as one of the earliest dealers of these annuities, and he is also credited with creating the first actuarial life table. Roman soldiers were paid annuities as a form of compensation for military service. During the Middle Ages, annuities were used by feudal lords and kings to help cover the heavy costs of their constant wars and conflicts with each other. At this time, annuities were offered in the form of a tontine, or a large pool of cash from which payments were made to investors.[2]
One of the early recorded uses of annuities in the United States was by the Presbyterian Church in 1720. The purpose was to provide a secure retirement to aging ministers and their families, and was later expanded to assist widows and orphans. In 1912, Pennsylvania Company Insurance was among the first to begin offering annuities to the general public in the United States. Some prominent figures who are noted for their use of annuities include: Benjamin Franklin assisting the cities of Boston and Philadelphia; Babe Ruth avoiding losses during the great depression, O. J. Simpson protecting his income from lawsuits and creditors. Ben Bernanke in 2006 disclosed that his major financial assets are two annuities.[3]
General[edit]
Annuity contracts in the United States are defined by the Internal Revenue Code and regulated by the individual states. Variable annuities have features of both life insurance and investment products.[4] In the U.S., annuity insurance may be issued only by life insurance companies, although private annuity contracts may be arranged between donors to non-profits to reduce taxes. Insurance companies are regulated by the states, so contracts or options that may be available in some states may not be available in others. Their federal tax treatment, however, is governed by the Internal Revenue Code. Variable annuities are regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the sale of variable annuities is overseen by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) (the largest non-governmental regulator for all securities firms doing business in the United States).
There are two possible phases for an annuity, one phase in which the customer deposits and accumulates money into an account (the deferral phase), and another phase in which customers receive payments for some period of time (the annuity or income phase). During this latter phase, the insurance company makes income payments that may be set for a stated period of time, such as five years, or continue until the death of the customer(s) (the "annuitant(s)") named in the contract. Annuitization over a lifetime can have a death benefit guarantee over a certain period of time, such as ten years. Annuity contracts with a deferral phase always have an annuity phase and are called deferred annuities. An annuity contract may also be structured so that it has only the annuity phase; such a contract is called an immediate annuity. Note this is not always the case.
Immediate annuity[edit]
The term "annuity," as used in financial theory, is most closely related to what is today called an immediate annuity. This is an insurance policy which, in exchange for a sum of money, guarantees that the issuer will make a series of payments. These payments may be either level or increasing periodic payments for a fixed term of years or until the ending of a life or two lives, or even whichever is longer. It is also possible to structure the payments under an immediate annuity so that they vary with the performance of a specified set of investments, usually bond and equity mutual funds. Such a contract is called a variable immediate annuity. See also life annuity, below.
The overarching characteristic of the immediate annuity is that it is a vehicle for distributing savings with a tax-deferred growth factor. A common use for an immediate annuity might be to provide a pension income. In the U.S., the tax treatment of a non-qualified immediate annuity is that every payment is a combination of a return of principal (which part is not taxed) and income (which is taxed at ordinary income rates, not capital gain rates). Immediate annuities funded as an IRA do not have any tax advantages, but typically the distribution satisfies the IRS RMD requirement and may satisfy the RMD requirement for other IRA accounts of the owner (see IRS Sec 1.401(a)(9)-6.)
When a deferred annuity is annuitized, it works like an immediate annuity from that point on, but with a lower cost basis and thus more of the payment is taxed.
Annuity with period certain[edit]
This type of immediate annuity pays the annuitant for a designated number of years (i.e., a period certain) and is used to fund a need that will end when the period is up (for example, it might be used to fund the premiums for a term life insurance policy). Thus the person may outlive the number of years the annuity will pay.
Life annuity[edit]
Main article: Life annuity
A life or lifetime immediate annuity is used to provide an income for the life of the annuitant similar to a defined benefit or pension plan.
A life annuity works somewhat like a loan that is made by the purchaser (contract owner) to the issuing (insurance) company, which pays back the original capital or principal (which isn't taxed) with interest and/or gains (which is taxed as ordinary income) to the annuitant on whose life the annuity is based. The assumed period of the loan is based on the life expectancy of the annuitant. In order to guarantee that the income continues for life, the insurance company relies on a concept called cross-subsidy or the "law of large numbers". Because an annuity population can be expected to have a distribution of lifespans around the population's mean (average) age, those dying earlier will give up income to support those living longer whose money would otherwise run out. Thus it is a form of longevity insurance (see also below).
A life annuity, ideally, can reduce the "problem" faced by a person when they don't know how long they will live, and so they don't know the optimal speed at which to spend their savings. Life annuities with payments indexed to the Consumer Price Index might be an acceptable solution to this problem, but there is only a thin market for them in North America.
Life annuity variants[edit]
For an additional expense (either by way of an increase in payments (premium) or a decrease in benefits), an annuity or benefit rider can be purchased on another life such as a spouse, family member or friend for the duration of whose life the annuity is wholly or partly guaranteed. For example, it is common to buy an annuity which will continue to pay out to the spouse of the annuitant after death, for so long as the spouse survives. The annuity paid to the spouse is called a reversionary annuity or survivorship annuity. However, if the annuitant is in good health, it may be more advantageous to select the higher payout option on his or her life only and purchase a life insurance policy that would pay income to the survivor.
The pure life annuity can have harsh consequences for the annuitant who dies before recovering his or her investment in the contract. Such a situation, called a forfeiture, can be mitigated by the addition of a period-certain feature under which the annuity issuer is required to make annuity payments for at least a certain number of years; if the annuitant outlives the specified period certain, annuity payments continue until the annuitant's death, and if the annuitant dies before the expiration of the period certain, the annuitant's estate or beneficiary is entitled to the remaining payments certain. The tradeoff between the pure life annuity and the life-with-period-certain annuity is that the annuity payment for the latter is smaller. A viable alternative to the life-with-period-certain annuity is to purchase a single-premium life policy that would cover the lost premium in the annuity.
Impaired-life annuities for smokers or those with a particular illness are also available from some insurance companies. Since the life expectancy is reduced, the annual payment to the purchaser is raised.
Life annuities are priced based on the probability of the annuitant surviving to receive the payments. Longevity insurance is a form of annuity that defers commencement of the payments until very late in life. A common longevity contract would be purchased at or before retirement but would not commence payments until 20 years after retirement. If the nominee dies before payments commence there is no payable benefit. This drastically reduces the cost of the annuity while still providing protection against outliving one's resources.
Deferred annuity[edit]
The second usage for the term annuity came into being during the 1970s. Such a contract is more properly referred to as a deferred annuity and is chiefly a vehicle for accumulating savings with a view to eventually distributing them either in the manner of an immediate annuity or as a lump-sum payment.
All varieties of deferred annuities owned by individuals have one thing in common: any increase in account values is not taxed until those gains are withdrawn. This is also known as tax-deferred growth.
A deferred annuity which grows by interest rate earnings alone is called a fixed deferred annuity (FA). A deferred annuity that permits allocations to stock or bond funds and for which the account value is not guaranteed to stay above the initial amount invested is called a variable annuity (VA).
A new category of deferred annuity, called the fixed indexed annuity (FIA) emerged in 1995 (originally called an Equity-Indexed Annuity).[5] Fixed indexed annuities may have features of both fixed and variable deferred annuities. The insurance company typically guarantees a minimum return for EIA. An investor can still lose money if he or she cancels (or surrenders) the policy early, before a "break even" period. An oversimplified expression of a typical EIA's rate of return might be that it is equal to a stated "participation rate" multiplied by a target stock market index's performance excluding dividends. Interest rate caps or an administrative fee may be applicable.
Deferred annuities in the United States have the advantage that taxation of all capital gains and ordinary income is deferred until withdrawn. In theory, such tax-deferred compounding allows more money to be put to work while the savings are accumulating, leading to higher returns. A disadvantage, however, is that when amounts held under a deferred annuity are withdrawn or inherited, the interest/gains are immediately taxed as ordinary income.
Features[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


A variety of features and guarantees have been developed by insurance companies in order to make annuity products more attractive. These include death and living benefit options, extra credit options, account guarantees, spousal continuation benefits, reduced contingent deferred sales charges (or surrender charges), and various combinations thereof. Each feature or benefit added to a contract will typically be accompanied by an additional expense either directly (billed to client) or indirectly (inside product).
Deferred annuities are usually divided into two different kinds:

Fixed annuities offer some sort of guaranteed rate of return over the life of the contract. In general such contracts are often positioned to be somewhat like bank CDs and offer a rate of return competitive with those of CDs of similar time frames. Many fixed annuities, however, do not have a fixed rate of return over the life of the contract, offering instead a guaranteed minimum rate and a first year introductory rate. The rate after the first year is often an amount that may be set at the insurance company's discretion subject, however, to the minimum amount (typically 3%). There are usually some provisions in the contract to allow a percentage of the interest and/or principal to be withdrawn early and without penalty (usually the interest earned in a 12-month period or 10%), unlike most CDs. Fixed annuities normally become fully liquid depending on the surrender schedule or upon the owner's death. Most equity index annuities are properly categorized as fixed annuities and their performance is typically tied to a stock market index (usually the S&P 500 or the Dow Jones Industrial Average). These products are guaranteed but are not as easy to understand as standard fixed annuities as there are usually caps, spreads, margins, and crediting methods that can reduce returns. These products also don't pay any of the participating market indices' dividends; the trade-off is that contract holder can never earn less than 0% in a negative year.
Variable annuities allow money to be invested in insurance company "separate accounts" (which are sometimes referred to as "subaccounts" and in any case are functionally similar to mutual funds) in a tax-deferred manner.[6] Their primary use is to allow an investor to engage in tax-deferred investing for retirement in amounts greater than permitted by individual retirement or 401(k) plans. In addition, many variable annuity contracts offer a guaranteed minimum rate of return (either for a future withdrawal and/or in the case of the owner's death), even if the underlying separate account investments perform poorly. This can be attractive to people uncomfortable investing in the equity markets without the guarantees. Of course, an investor will pay for each benefit provided by a variable annuity, since insurance companies must charge a premium to cover the insurance guarantees of such benefits. Variable annuities are regulated both by the individual states (as insurance products) and by the Securities and Exchange Commission (as securities under the federal securities laws). The SEC requires that all of the charges under variable annuities be described in great detail in the prospectus that is offered to each variable annuity customer. Of course, potential customers should review these charges carefully, just as one would in purchasing mutual fund shares. People who sell variable annuities are usually regulated by FINRA, whose rules of conduct require a careful analysis of the suitability of variable annuities (and other securities products) to those to whom they recommend such products. These products are often criticized as being sold to the wrong persons, who could have done better investing in a more suitable alternative, since the commissions paid under this product are often high relative to other investment products.

There are several types of performance guarantees, and one may often choose them à la carte, with higher risk charges for guarantees that are riskier for the insurance companies. The first type is a guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB), which can be received only if the owner of the annuity contract, or the covered annuitant, dies.
GMDBs come in various flavors, in order of increasing risk to the insurance company:

Return of premium (a guarantee that you will not have a negative return)
Roll-up of premium at a particular rate (a guarantee that you will achieve a minimum rate of return, greater than 0)
Maximum anniversary value (looks back at account value on the anniversaries, and guarantees you will get at least as much as the highest values upon death)
Greater of maximum anniversary value or particular roll-up

Insurance companies provide even greater insurance coverage on guaranteed living benefits, which tend to be elective. Unlike death benefits, which the contractholder generally cannot time, living benefits pose significant risk for insurance companies as contractholders will likely exercise these benefits when they are worth the most. Annuities with guaranteed living benefits (GLBs) tend to have high fees commensurate with the additional risks underwritten by the issuing insurer.
Some GLB examples, in no particular order:

Guaranteed minimum income benefit (GMIB, a guarantee that one will get a minimum income stream upon annuitization at a particular point in the future)
Guaranteed minimum accumulation lbenefit (GMAB, a guarantee that the account value will be at a certain amount at a certain point in the future)
Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit (GMWB, a guarantee similar to the income benefit, but one that doesn't require annuitizing)
Guaranteed-for-life income benefit (a guarantee similar to a withdrawal benefit, where withdrawals begin and continue until cash value becomes zero, withdrawals stop when cash value is zero and then annuitization occurs on the guaranteed benefit amount for a payment amount that is not determined until annuitization date.)

Recently, insurance companies developed asset-transfer programs that operate at the contract level or the fund level. In the former, a percentage of client's account value will be transferred to a designated low-risk fund when the contract has poor investment performance. On the fund level, certain investment options have a target volatility built within the fund (usually about 10%) and will re-balance to maintain that target. In both cases, they are stated to help buffer poor investment performance until markets perform better (where they will transition back to normal allocations to catch an upswing). However, there are criticisms of these programs including, but not limited to, often mandating these programs on clients, restricting flexibility of investing, and not catching the upswing of markets fast enough due to the underlying design of such programs.
Be careful in regard to using GLB riders in non-qualified contracts as most of the products in the annuity marketplace today create a 100% taxable income benefit whereas income generated from an immediate annuity in a non-qualified contract would partially be a return of principal and therefore non-taxable.
Criticisms of deferred annuities[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Some annuities do not have any deferred surrender charges and do not pay the financial professional a commission, although the financial professional may charge a fee for his or her advice. These contracts are called "no-load" variable annuity products and are usually available from a fee-based financial planner or directly from a no-load mutual fund company. Of course various charges are still imposed on these contracts, but they are less than those sold by commissioned brokers. It is important that potential purchasers of annuities, mutual funds, tax-exempt municipal bonds, commodities futures, interest rate swaps, in short, any financial instrument understand the fees on the product and the fees a financial planner may charge.
Variable annuities are controversial because many believe the extra fees (i.e., the fees above and beyond those charged for similar retail mutual funds that offer no principal protection or guarantees of any kind) may reduce the rate of return compared to what the investor could make by investing directly in similar investments outside of the variable annuity. A big selling point for variable annuities is the guarantees many have, such as the guarantee that the customer will not lose his or her principal. Critics say that these guarantees are not necessary because over the long term the market has always been positive, while others say that with the uncertainty of the financial markets many investors simply will not invest without guarantees.[who?] Past returns are no guarantee of future performance, of course, and different investors have different risk tolerances, different investment horizons, different family situations, and so on. The sale of any security product should involve a careful analysis of the suitability of the product for a given individual.
Taxation[edit]
In the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the growth of the annuity value during the accumulation phase is tax-deferred, that is, not subject to current income tax, for annuities owned by individuals. The tax deferred status of deferred annuities has led to their common usage in the United States. Under the U.S. tax code, the benefits from annuity contracts do not always have to be taken in the form of a fixed stream of payments (annuitization), and many annuity contracts are bought primarily for the tax benefits rather than to receive a fixed stream of income. If an annuity is used in a qualified pension plan or an IRA funding vehicle, then 100% of the annuity payment is taxable as current income upon distribution (because the taxpayer has no tax basis in any of the money in the annuity). It should be noted this is the same tax treatment of direct participation in a qualified pension plan (such as a 401K), again, due to the fact the taxpayer has no tax basis in any of the money in the plan. If the annuity contract is purchased with after-tax dollars, then the contract holder upon annuitization recovers his basis pro-rata in the ratio of basis divided by the expected value, according to the tax regulation Section 1.72-5. (This is commonly referred to as the exclusion ratio.) After the taxpayer has recovered all of his basis, then 100% of the payments thereafter are subject to ordinary income tax.
Since the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003, the use of variable annuities as a tax shelter has greatly diminished, because the growth of mutual funds and now most of the dividends of the fund are taxed at long term capital gains rates. This taxation, contrasted with the taxation of all the growth of variable annuities at income rates, means that in most cases, variable annuities shouldn't be used for tax shelters unless very long holding periods apply (for example, more than 20 years).
Insurance company default risk and state guaranty associations[edit]
Main article: Guaranty association
An investor should consider the financial strength of the insurance company that writes annuity contracts. Major insolvencies have occurred at least 62 times since the conspicuous collapse of the Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.[1]
Insurance company defaults are governed by state law. The laws are, however, broadly similar in most states. Annuity contracts are protected against insurance company insolvency up to a specific dollar limit, often $100,000, but as high as $500,000 in New York [2], New Jersey [3], and the state of Washington [4]. California is the only state that has a limit less than 100%; the limit is 80% up to $300,000.[7] This protection is not insurance and is not provided by a government agency. It is provided by an entity called the state guaranty association. When an insolvency occurs, the guaranty association steps in to protect annuity holders, and decides what to do on a case-by-case basis. Sometimes the contracts will be taken over and fulfilled by a solvent insurance company.
The state guaranty association is not a government agency, but states usually require insurance companies to belong to it as a condition of being licensed to do business. The guaranty associations of the fifty states are members of a national umbrella association, the National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations (NOLHGA). The NOLHGA website provides a description of the organization, links to websites for the individual state organizations, and links to the actual text of the governing state laws.
A difference between guaranty association protection and the protection of bank accounts by the FDIC, credit union accounts by the NCUA, and brokerage accounts by the SIPC, is that it is difficult for consumers to learn about this protection. Usually, state law prohibits insurance agents and companies from using the guaranty association in any advertising and agents are prohibited by statute from using this Web site or the existence of the guaranty association as an inducement to purchase insurance(e.g., [5]). Presumably, this is a response to concerns by stronger insurance companies about moral hazard.
Compensation for advisors or salespeople[edit]
Deferred annuities, including fixed, fixed indexed and variable, typically pay the advisor or salesperson 1 percent to 10 percent of the amount invested as a commission, with possible trail options of 25 basis points to 1 percent. Sometimes the advisor can select his payout option, which might be either 7 or 10 percent up front, or 5 percent up front with a 25 basis point trail, or 1 percent to 3 percent up front with a 1 percent trail. Trail commissions are most common in variable annuities while fixed annuities and fixed indexed annuities typically pay an up front commission.
Some firms allow an investor to pick an annuity share class, which determines the salesperson's commission schedule. The main variables are the up-front commission and the trail commission.
Fixed and Indexed Annuity commissions are paid to the agent by the insurance companies the agent represents. Commissions are not paid by the client (annuitant).
"No-load" variable annuities are available on a direct-to-consumer basis from several no-load mutual fund companies. "No-load" means the products have no sales commissions or surrender charges.
References[edit]

^ "Annuity Definition". Annuity.com. Retrieved 2012-11-14. .
^ Mark P. Cussen, CFP®, CMFC, AFC. "Introduction To Annuities: The History Of Annuities". Investopedia. Retrieved February 28, 2015. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "The History of Annuities". Annuity Guys®. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ "SEC.gov - Annuities". sec.gov. April 6, 2011. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ US SEC Answers on Equity-Indexed Annuities Archived February 9, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "SEC.gov - Variable Annuities: What You Should Know". sec.gov. April 18, 2011. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ "State Guarantee Funds". annuityadvantage.com. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 


External links[edit]

National Association of Insurance Commissioners
The National Association for Fixed Annuities





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Annuity_(American)&oldid=770918367"					
Categories: Insurance in the United StatesUnited States contract lawAnnuitiesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2012All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 March 2017, at 12:11.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Annuity (American) - Wikipedia





















 






Annuity (American)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Annuity (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In the United States, an annuity is a contractually executed, relatively low-risk investment product, where the insured (usually, an individual) pays a life insurance company a lump-sum premium at the start of the contract. That money is to be paid back to the insured in fixed, incremental amounts, over some future period (predetermined by the insured). The insurer invests the premium; the resulting profit/return on investment funds the payments received by the insured and compensate the insurer. Conventional annuity contracts provide a predictable, guaranteed stream of future income (e.g., for retirement) until the death(s) of the beneficiaries(s) named in the contract, or, until a future termination date — whichever occurs first.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 General
3 Immediate annuity

3.1 Annuity with period certain
3.2 Life annuity

3.2.1 Life annuity variants




4 Deferred annuity

4.1 Features
4.2 Criticisms of deferred annuities


5 Taxation
6 Insurance company default risk and state guaranty associations
7 Compensation for advisors or salespeople
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
Although annuities have existed in their present form only for a few decades, the idea of paying out a stream of income to an individual or family dates back to the Roman Empire. The Latin word annua meant annual stipends, and during the reign of the emperors, the word signified a contract that made annual payments. Individuals would make a single large payment into the annua and then receive an annual payment each year until death, or for a specified period of time. The Roman speculator and jurist Gnaeus Domitius Annius Ulpianus is cited as one of the earliest dealers of these annuities, and he is also credited with creating the first actuarial life table. Roman soldiers were paid annuities as a form of compensation for military service. During the Middle Ages, annuities were used by feudal lords and kings to help cover the heavy costs of their constant wars and conflicts with each other. At this time, annuities were offered in the form of a tontine, or a large pool of cash from which payments were made to investors.[2]
One of the early recorded uses of annuities in the United States was by the Presbyterian Church in 1720. The purpose was to provide a secure retirement to aging ministers and their families, and was later expanded to assist widows and orphans. In 1912, Pennsylvania Company Insurance was among the first to begin offering annuities to the general public in the United States. Some prominent figures who are noted for their use of annuities include: Benjamin Franklin assisting the cities of Boston and Philadelphia; Babe Ruth avoiding losses during the great depression, O. J. Simpson protecting his income from lawsuits and creditors. Ben Bernanke in 2006 disclosed that his major financial assets are two annuities.[3]
General[edit]
Annuity contracts in the United States are defined by the Internal Revenue Code and regulated by the individual states. Variable annuities have features of both life insurance and investment products.[4] In the U.S., annuity insurance may be issued only by life insurance companies, although private annuity contracts may be arranged between donors to non-profits to reduce taxes. Insurance companies are regulated by the states, so contracts or options that may be available in some states may not be available in others. Their federal tax treatment, however, is governed by the Internal Revenue Code. Variable annuities are regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the sale of variable annuities is overseen by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) (the largest non-governmental regulator for all securities firms doing business in the United States).
There are two possible phases for an annuity, one phase in which the customer deposits and accumulates money into an account (the deferral phase), and another phase in which customers receive payments for some period of time (the annuity or income phase). During this latter phase, the insurance company makes income payments that may be set for a stated period of time, such as five years, or continue until the death of the customer(s) (the "annuitant(s)") named in the contract. Annuitization over a lifetime can have a death benefit guarantee over a certain period of time, such as ten years. Annuity contracts with a deferral phase always have an annuity phase and are called deferred annuities. An annuity contract may also be structured so that it has only the annuity phase; such a contract is called an immediate annuity. Note this is not always the case.
Immediate annuity[edit]
The term "annuity," as used in financial theory, is most closely related to what is today called an immediate annuity. This is an insurance policy which, in exchange for a sum of money, guarantees that the issuer will make a series of payments. These payments may be either level or increasing periodic payments for a fixed term of years or until the ending of a life or two lives, or even whichever is longer. It is also possible to structure the payments under an immediate annuity so that they vary with the performance of a specified set of investments, usually bond and equity mutual funds. Such a contract is called a variable immediate annuity. See also life annuity, below.
The overarching characteristic of the immediate annuity is that it is a vehicle for distributing savings with a tax-deferred growth factor. A common use for an immediate annuity might be to provide a pension income. In the U.S., the tax treatment of a non-qualified immediate annuity is that every payment is a combination of a return of principal (which part is not taxed) and income (which is taxed at ordinary income rates, not capital gain rates). Immediate annuities funded as an IRA do not have any tax advantages, but typically the distribution satisfies the IRS RMD requirement and may satisfy the RMD requirement for other IRA accounts of the owner (see IRS Sec 1.401(a)(9)-6.)
When a deferred annuity is annuitized, it works like an immediate annuity from that point on, but with a lower cost basis and thus more of the payment is taxed.
Annuity with period certain[edit]
This type of immediate annuity pays the annuitant for a designated number of years (i.e., a period certain) and is used to fund a need that will end when the period is up (for example, it might be used to fund the premiums for a term life insurance policy). Thus the person may outlive the number of years the annuity will pay.
Life annuity[edit]
Main article: Life annuity
A life or lifetime immediate annuity is used to provide an income for the life of the annuitant similar to a defined benefit or pension plan.
A life annuity works somewhat like a loan that is made by the purchaser (contract owner) to the issuing (insurance) company, which pays back the original capital or principal (which isn't taxed) with interest and/or gains (which is taxed as ordinary income) to the annuitant on whose life the annuity is based. The assumed period of the loan is based on the life expectancy of the annuitant. In order to guarantee that the income continues for life, the insurance company relies on a concept called cross-subsidy or the "law of large numbers". Because an annuity population can be expected to have a distribution of lifespans around the population's mean (average) age, those dying earlier will give up income to support those living longer whose money would otherwise run out. Thus it is a form of longevity insurance (see also below).
A life annuity, ideally, can reduce the "problem" faced by a person when they don't know how long they will live, and so they don't know the optimal speed at which to spend their savings. Life annuities with payments indexed to the Consumer Price Index might be an acceptable solution to this problem, but there is only a thin market for them in North America.
Life annuity variants[edit]
For an additional expense (either by way of an increase in payments (premium) or a decrease in benefits), an annuity or benefit rider can be purchased on another life such as a spouse, family member or friend for the duration of whose life the annuity is wholly or partly guaranteed. For example, it is common to buy an annuity which will continue to pay out to the spouse of the annuitant after death, for so long as the spouse survives. The annuity paid to the spouse is called a reversionary annuity or survivorship annuity. However, if the annuitant is in good health, it may be more advantageous to select the higher payout option on his or her life only and purchase a life insurance policy that would pay income to the survivor.
The pure life annuity can have harsh consequences for the annuitant who dies before recovering his or her investment in the contract. Such a situation, called a forfeiture, can be mitigated by the addition of a period-certain feature under which the annuity issuer is required to make annuity payments for at least a certain number of years; if the annuitant outlives the specified period certain, annuity payments continue until the annuitant's death, and if the annuitant dies before the expiration of the period certain, the annuitant's estate or beneficiary is entitled to the remaining payments certain. The tradeoff between the pure life annuity and the life-with-period-certain annuity is that the annuity payment for the latter is smaller. A viable alternative to the life-with-period-certain annuity is to purchase a single-premium life policy that would cover the lost premium in the annuity.
Impaired-life annuities for smokers or those with a particular illness are also available from some insurance companies. Since the life expectancy is reduced, the annual payment to the purchaser is raised.
Life annuities are priced based on the probability of the annuitant surviving to receive the payments. Longevity insurance is a form of annuity that defers commencement of the payments until very late in life. A common longevity contract would be purchased at or before retirement but would not commence payments until 20 years after retirement. If the nominee dies before payments commence there is no payable benefit. This drastically reduces the cost of the annuity while still providing protection against outliving one's resources.
Deferred annuity[edit]
The second usage for the term annuity came into being during the 1970s. Such a contract is more properly referred to as a deferred annuity and is chiefly a vehicle for accumulating savings with a view to eventually distributing them either in the manner of an immediate annuity or as a lump-sum payment.
All varieties of deferred annuities owned by individuals have one thing in common: any increase in account values is not taxed until those gains are withdrawn. This is also known as tax-deferred growth.
A deferred annuity which grows by interest rate earnings alone is called a fixed deferred annuity (FA). A deferred annuity that permits allocations to stock or bond funds and for which the account value is not guaranteed to stay above the initial amount invested is called a variable annuity (VA).
A new category of deferred annuity, called the fixed indexed annuity (FIA) emerged in 1995 (originally called an Equity-Indexed Annuity).[5] Fixed indexed annuities may have features of both fixed and variable deferred annuities. The insurance company typically guarantees a minimum return for EIA. An investor can still lose money if he or she cancels (or surrenders) the policy early, before a "break even" period. An oversimplified expression of a typical EIA's rate of return might be that it is equal to a stated "participation rate" multiplied by a target stock market index's performance excluding dividends. Interest rate caps or an administrative fee may be applicable.
Deferred annuities in the United States have the advantage that taxation of all capital gains and ordinary income is deferred until withdrawn. In theory, such tax-deferred compounding allows more money to be put to work while the savings are accumulating, leading to higher returns. A disadvantage, however, is that when amounts held under a deferred annuity are withdrawn or inherited, the interest/gains are immediately taxed as ordinary income.
Features[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


A variety of features and guarantees have been developed by insurance companies in order to make annuity products more attractive. These include death and living benefit options, extra credit options, account guarantees, spousal continuation benefits, reduced contingent deferred sales charges (or surrender charges), and various combinations thereof. Each feature or benefit added to a contract will typically be accompanied by an additional expense either directly (billed to client) or indirectly (inside product).
Deferred annuities are usually divided into two different kinds:

Fixed annuities offer some sort of guaranteed rate of return over the life of the contract. In general such contracts are often positioned to be somewhat like bank CDs and offer a rate of return competitive with those of CDs of similar time frames. Many fixed annuities, however, do not have a fixed rate of return over the life of the contract, offering instead a guaranteed minimum rate and a first year introductory rate. The rate after the first year is often an amount that may be set at the insurance company's discretion subject, however, to the minimum amount (typically 3%). There are usually some provisions in the contract to allow a percentage of the interest and/or principal to be withdrawn early and without penalty (usually the interest earned in a 12-month period or 10%), unlike most CDs. Fixed annuities normally become fully liquid depending on the surrender schedule or upon the owner's death. Most equity index annuities are properly categorized as fixed annuities and their performance is typically tied to a stock market index (usually the S&P 500 or the Dow Jones Industrial Average). These products are guaranteed but are not as easy to understand as standard fixed annuities as there are usually caps, spreads, margins, and crediting methods that can reduce returns. These products also don't pay any of the participating market indices' dividends; the trade-off is that contract holder can never earn less than 0% in a negative year.
Variable annuities allow money to be invested in insurance company "separate accounts" (which are sometimes referred to as "subaccounts" and in any case are functionally similar to mutual funds) in a tax-deferred manner.[6] Their primary use is to allow an investor to engage in tax-deferred investing for retirement in amounts greater than permitted by individual retirement or 401(k) plans. In addition, many variable annuity contracts offer a guaranteed minimum rate of return (either for a future withdrawal and/or in the case of the owner's death), even if the underlying separate account investments perform poorly. This can be attractive to people uncomfortable investing in the equity markets without the guarantees. Of course, an investor will pay for each benefit provided by a variable annuity, since insurance companies must charge a premium to cover the insurance guarantees of such benefits. Variable annuities are regulated both by the individual states (as insurance products) and by the Securities and Exchange Commission (as securities under the federal securities laws). The SEC requires that all of the charges under variable annuities be described in great detail in the prospectus that is offered to each variable annuity customer. Of course, potential customers should review these charges carefully, just as one would in purchasing mutual fund shares. People who sell variable annuities are usually regulated by FINRA, whose rules of conduct require a careful analysis of the suitability of variable annuities (and other securities products) to those to whom they recommend such products. These products are often criticized as being sold to the wrong persons, who could have done better investing in a more suitable alternative, since the commissions paid under this product are often high relative to other investment products.

There are several types of performance guarantees, and one may often choose them à la carte, with higher risk charges for guarantees that are riskier for the insurance companies. The first type is a guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB), which can be received only if the owner of the annuity contract, or the covered annuitant, dies.
GMDBs come in various flavors, in order of increasing risk to the insurance company:

Return of premium (a guarantee that you will not have a negative return)
Roll-up of premium at a particular rate (a guarantee that you will achieve a minimum rate of return, greater than 0)
Maximum anniversary value (looks back at account value on the anniversaries, and guarantees you will get at least as much as the highest values upon death)
Greater of maximum anniversary value or particular roll-up

Insurance companies provide even greater insurance coverage on guaranteed living benefits, which tend to be elective. Unlike death benefits, which the contractholder generally cannot time, living benefits pose significant risk for insurance companies as contractholders will likely exercise these benefits when they are worth the most. Annuities with guaranteed living benefits (GLBs) tend to have high fees commensurate with the additional risks underwritten by the issuing insurer.
Some GLB examples, in no particular order:

Guaranteed minimum income benefit (GMIB, a guarantee that one will get a minimum income stream upon annuitization at a particular point in the future)
Guaranteed minimum accumulation lbenefit (GMAB, a guarantee that the account value will be at a certain amount at a certain point in the future)
Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit (GMWB, a guarantee similar to the income benefit, but one that doesn't require annuitizing)
Guaranteed-for-life income benefit (a guarantee similar to a withdrawal benefit, where withdrawals begin and continue until cash value becomes zero, withdrawals stop when cash value is zero and then annuitization occurs on the guaranteed benefit amount for a payment amount that is not determined until annuitization date.)

Recently, insurance companies developed asset-transfer programs that operate at the contract level or the fund level. In the former, a percentage of client's account value will be transferred to a designated low-risk fund when the contract has poor investment performance. On the fund level, certain investment options have a target volatility built within the fund (usually about 10%) and will re-balance to maintain that target. In both cases, they are stated to help buffer poor investment performance until markets perform better (where they will transition back to normal allocations to catch an upswing). However, there are criticisms of these programs including, but not limited to, often mandating these programs on clients, restricting flexibility of investing, and not catching the upswing of markets fast enough due to the underlying design of such programs.
Be careful in regard to using GLB riders in non-qualified contracts as most of the products in the annuity marketplace today create a 100% taxable income benefit whereas income generated from an immediate annuity in a non-qualified contract would partially be a return of principal and therefore non-taxable.
Criticisms of deferred annuities[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Some annuities do not have any deferred surrender charges and do not pay the financial professional a commission, although the financial professional may charge a fee for his or her advice. These contracts are called "no-load" variable annuity products and are usually available from a fee-based financial planner or directly from a no-load mutual fund company. Of course various charges are still imposed on these contracts, but they are less than those sold by commissioned brokers. It is important that potential purchasers of annuities, mutual funds, tax-exempt municipal bonds, commodities futures, interest rate swaps, in short, any financial instrument understand the fees on the product and the fees a financial planner may charge.
Variable annuities are controversial because many believe the extra fees (i.e., the fees above and beyond those charged for similar retail mutual funds that offer no principal protection or guarantees of any kind) may reduce the rate of return compared to what the investor could make by investing directly in similar investments outside of the variable annuity. A big selling point for variable annuities is the guarantees many have, such as the guarantee that the customer will not lose his or her principal. Critics say that these guarantees are not necessary because over the long term the market has always been positive, while others say that with the uncertainty of the financial markets many investors simply will not invest without guarantees.[who?] Past returns are no guarantee of future performance, of course, and different investors have different risk tolerances, different investment horizons, different family situations, and so on. The sale of any security product should involve a careful analysis of the suitability of the product for a given individual.
Taxation[edit]
In the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the growth of the annuity value during the accumulation phase is tax-deferred, that is, not subject to current income tax, for annuities owned by individuals. The tax deferred status of deferred annuities has led to their common usage in the United States. Under the U.S. tax code, the benefits from annuity contracts do not always have to be taken in the form of a fixed stream of payments (annuitization), and many annuity contracts are bought primarily for the tax benefits rather than to receive a fixed stream of income. If an annuity is used in a qualified pension plan or an IRA funding vehicle, then 100% of the annuity payment is taxable as current income upon distribution (because the taxpayer has no tax basis in any of the money in the annuity). It should be noted this is the same tax treatment of direct participation in a qualified pension plan (such as a 401K), again, due to the fact the taxpayer has no tax basis in any of the money in the plan. If the annuity contract is purchased with after-tax dollars, then the contract holder upon annuitization recovers his basis pro-rata in the ratio of basis divided by the expected value, according to the tax regulation Section 1.72-5. (This is commonly referred to as the exclusion ratio.) After the taxpayer has recovered all of his basis, then 100% of the payments thereafter are subject to ordinary income tax.
Since the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003, the use of variable annuities as a tax shelter has greatly diminished, because the growth of mutual funds and now most of the dividends of the fund are taxed at long term capital gains rates. This taxation, contrasted with the taxation of all the growth of variable annuities at income rates, means that in most cases, variable annuities shouldn't be used for tax shelters unless very long holding periods apply (for example, more than 20 years).
Insurance company default risk and state guaranty associations[edit]
Main article: Guaranty association
An investor should consider the financial strength of the insurance company that writes annuity contracts. Major insolvencies have occurred at least 62 times since the conspicuous collapse of the Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.[1]
Insurance company defaults are governed by state law. The laws are, however, broadly similar in most states. Annuity contracts are protected against insurance company insolvency up to a specific dollar limit, often $100,000, but as high as $500,000 in New York [2], New Jersey [3], and the state of Washington [4]. California is the only state that has a limit less than 100%; the limit is 80% up to $300,000.[7] This protection is not insurance and is not provided by a government agency. It is provided by an entity called the state guaranty association. When an insolvency occurs, the guaranty association steps in to protect annuity holders, and decides what to do on a case-by-case basis. Sometimes the contracts will be taken over and fulfilled by a solvent insurance company.
The state guaranty association is not a government agency, but states usually require insurance companies to belong to it as a condition of being licensed to do business. The guaranty associations of the fifty states are members of a national umbrella association, the National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations (NOLHGA). The NOLHGA website provides a description of the organization, links to websites for the individual state organizations, and links to the actual text of the governing state laws.
A difference between guaranty association protection and the protection of bank accounts by the FDIC, credit union accounts by the NCUA, and brokerage accounts by the SIPC, is that it is difficult for consumers to learn about this protection. Usually, state law prohibits insurance agents and companies from using the guaranty association in any advertising and agents are prohibited by statute from using this Web site or the existence of the guaranty association as an inducement to purchase insurance(e.g., [5]). Presumably, this is a response to concerns by stronger insurance companies about moral hazard.
Compensation for advisors or salespeople[edit]
Deferred annuities, including fixed, fixed indexed and variable, typically pay the advisor or salesperson 1 percent to 10 percent of the amount invested as a commission, with possible trail options of 25 basis points to 1 percent. Sometimes the advisor can select his payout option, which might be either 7 or 10 percent up front, or 5 percent up front with a 25 basis point trail, or 1 percent to 3 percent up front with a 1 percent trail. Trail commissions are most common in variable annuities while fixed annuities and fixed indexed annuities typically pay an up front commission.
Some firms allow an investor to pick an annuity share class, which determines the salesperson's commission schedule. The main variables are the up-front commission and the trail commission.
Fixed and Indexed Annuity commissions are paid to the agent by the insurance companies the agent represents. Commissions are not paid by the client (annuitant).
"No-load" variable annuities are available on a direct-to-consumer basis from several no-load mutual fund companies. "No-load" means the products have no sales commissions or surrender charges.
References[edit]

^ "Annuity Definition". Annuity.com. Retrieved 2012-11-14. .
^ Mark P. Cussen, CFP®, CMFC, AFC. "Introduction To Annuities: The History Of Annuities". Investopedia. Retrieved February 28, 2015. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "The History of Annuities". Annuity Guys®. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ "SEC.gov - Annuities". sec.gov. April 6, 2011. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ US SEC Answers on Equity-Indexed Annuities Archived February 9, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "SEC.gov - Variable Annuities: What You Should Know". sec.gov. April 18, 2011. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 
^ "State Guarantee Funds". annuityadvantage.com. Retrieved February 28, 2015. 


External links[edit]

National Association of Insurance Commissioners
The National Association for Fixed Annuities





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Annuity_(American)&oldid=770918367"					
Categories: Insurance in the United StatesUnited States contract lawAnnuitiesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2012All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 March 2017, at 12:11.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























Variable Annuity



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Trump Replaces Chief of Staff Priebus With Retired General Kelly




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Variable Annuity









Share










































Loading the player...
















 

What is a 'Variable Annuity'
A variable annuity is a type of annuity contract that allows for the accumulation of capital on a tax-deferred basis. As opposed to a fixed annuity that offers a guaranteed interest rate and a minimum payment at annuitization, variable annuities offer investors the opportunity to generate higher rates of returns by investing in equity and bond subaccounts. If a variable annuity is annuitized for income, the income payments can vary based on the performance of the subaccounts.

BREAKING DOWN 'Variable Annuity'
Variable annuities were introduced in the 1950s as an alternative to fixed annuities, which offer a guaranteed rate of interest. Variable annuities allow investors to invest in a dozen or more professionally managed subaccounts consisting of various asset classes, including stocks, bonds and money market funds. This gives investors the opportunity to earn higher rates of return, which can increase the amount of capital they can accumulate and provide a variable income stream to potentially outpace inflation. However, investors assume the risk of their subaccounts not outperforming the guaranteed return of a fixed annuity, which can result in less capital accumulation and a smaller income stream.Variable Annuity Pros and ConsOne advantage variable annuities have over mutual funds is the guaranteed death benefit feature. Regardless of how the subaccounts perform, a variable annuity death benefit ensures the annuity owner’s beneficiaries receive no less than the initial investment. Variable annuity investors pay for the cost of that protection through a mortality charge. For an added charge, some variable annuities offer a minimum rate guarantee that pays a minimum rate of return even if the subaccounts experience a loss for the year. A similar rider is offered for income payments at the time of annuitization that guarantees a minimum payout rate regardless of the performance of the subaccounts.Variable annuities should be considered as a long-term investment due to the limitations on withdrawals. One withdrawal is allowed each year. However, if a withdrawal is taken during the surrender period of the contract, a surrender charge is applied. Surrender periods can last as long as 15 years, after which no penalty is applied on withdrawals. Because variable annuities are tax-qualified investments in which taxes are deferred, withdrawals are taxed as ordinary income. Withdrawals made prior to the age of 59 ½ may be subject to a tax penalty of 10%.Before investing in a variable annuity, investors should carefully read the prospectus for a full understanding of the expenses and risks. Between the investment management fees, mortality fees, administrative fees and charges for any riders, the expenses for a variable annuity can quickly add up, which can adversely affect returns over the long term.






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Valuation Period                                            




                                                    Deferred Annuity                                            




                                                    Income Annuity                                            




                                                    Guaranteed Lifetime Withdrawal ...                                             




                                                    Hybrid Annuity                                            




                                                    Variable Annuitization                                            




                                                    Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation ...                                             




                                                    Mortality And Expense Risk Charge                                            




                                                    L Share Annuity Class                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy


























Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.






















Online Service Center : Products Available Online












   
		




















Products Available for Viewing On-Line
ANNUITY PRODUCTS
MetLife Financial Services and MetLife Resources:

Enhanced Preference Plus Account
Financial Freedom Account
Flexible Purchase Pension Annuity
Flexible Purchase Pension Contract
Flexible Retirement Annuity
MetLife Financial Freedom Select
Growth Plus Account
Integrated Resources
MetLife Asset Builder
Preference Guaranteed Select
Preference Plus® Account
Preference Plus Select
Premier Variable Annuity
Retirement Deferred Annuity
Single Deferred Annuity
Single Premium Deferred Annuity
Tax-Sheltered Annuity Preference Plus Account
Variable Annuity 1
Variable Annuity 2
Variable Annuity 3
VestMet® 

MAX - 1
MAX - 3
MetLife
MetLife AAA
Single Premium (AL-A)
Single Premium (B)
Single Premium (FD)
Single Premium (M-L)
Single Premium (M-N)


MetLife Insurance Company USA:

Vintage VA
Vintage L
Vintage XC
Marquis Portfolios
PrimElite III
PrimElite IV
IRA Share Class
Brighthouse Prime OptionsSM
Protected Equity Portfolio (PEP)
Series L
Series VA
Series XC
Series C
MetLife Series SSM Variable Annuity
Brighthouse Simple Solutions Variable Annuity
MLI USA Pioneer PRISM
MLI USA Pioneer PRISM L
MLI USA Series XTRA
MLI USA Series XTRA 6
MLI USA Fixed Annuity AR/XR
MLI USA Fixed Annuity PG/AS
MLI USA Fixed Annuity FA
MLI USA Fixed Annuity Premier Select II
MLI USA Fixed Annuity AR/XR (Non-MVA)
MLI USA Fixed Annuity PG/AS (Non-MVA)
MLI USA Fixed Annuity FA (Non-MVA)
MLI USA Fixed Annuity XG
Texas Plan
Iowa Plan
CLICO 224
Capital Strategist
Flexible Bonus
Flexible Value
Foresight
Signet Imprint
Investors Choice
Retirement Companion Plan
Secureannuity 223
Secureannuity 224
SFL 224
Smart Choice
Strive
Ultimate
MLI USA Series VA-4 
MLI Variable Series/Class O
Class A
Class AA
Class B
Class C
Class L
Class VA
Class XC
MetLife Class SSM Variable Annuity
First MLI Class XTRA
FMLI Class XTRA 6
FMLI MetLife Simple Solutions Variable Annuity
First MLI Pioneer PRISM
First MLI Pioneer PRISM L
MLI Fixed Annuity AR/XR
First MLI Fixed Annuity AR/XR
MLI Fixed Annuity PG/AS
First MLI Fixed Annuity PG/AS
MLI Fixed Annuity FA
First MLI Fixed Annuity FA
MLI Fixed Annuity AR/XR (Non-MVA)
MLI Fixed Annuity PG/AS (Non-MVA)
MLI Fixed Annuity FA (Non-MVA)
PrimElite IV
Account For Keeps
Traditional One Year
MLI Class VA-4 
MLI Variable Series/Class O
Brighthouse Shield Level Selector




Brighthouse  Guaranteed Income Builder


New England Financial:

American Forerunner Series (AFS)
Flexible Premium Retirement Annuity
The Asset Builder (SPFA)
American Growth Series Variable Annuity(Flex Payment VA)
Zenith Accumulator Variable Annuity


Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and MetLife Resources Annuity Products:

Brighthouse  Guaranteed Income Builder

 
LIFE INSURANCE PRODUCTS
MetLife Financial Services:

Universal Life I (Flexible Premium Life)
Universal Life II (Flexible Premium Multifunded Life)
Universal Life 2001 (Flexible Premium Multifunded Life)
Flexible Premium Variable Universal Life
Metropolitan Tower Life Universal Life
Flexible Premium Adjustable Life Insurance with Coverage Continuation
Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance with Coverage Continuation
Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance- Universal Life 2005 (NY only)
Joint and Last Survivor Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance- Joint and Survivor Universal Life 2005 (NY only)  
Life Paid-Up at Age 75
Twenty Payment Life
15 Year Endowment
20 Year Endowment
25 Year Endowment
Life Paid-Up at Age 65
Double Protection to Age 65
Increasing Life & Endowment
Endowment at Age 80
Cumulative Endowment
Life & Annuity Paid-Up at Age 70
Convertible Life
20 Payment Life - Added Protection w/Options
20 Payment Life - Added Protection
Life Paid-Up At Age 70 or 10 Payment Life
30 Payment Life
15 Payment Life
20 PLAP
Endowment at Age 65 - PULO
Endowment at Age 60
Endowment at Age 65
Life at Age 65
Greater Protection - Union Life Assumed Co.
20 Payment Life
Juvenile 20 Payment Life
20 Payment Life with Options
Life 70
Life Paid-Up at Age 75 with Options
Paid Up Life Option
R65 Intermediate
Endowment at Age 75
Account for Living
First Provider
Brighthouse Promise Whole Life

Promise Whole Life Select 10
Promise Whole Life Select 20
Promise Whole Life Select 65

Brighthouse One Year Term
MetLife Term

					Flexible Premium Universal Life with Coverage Continuation - Guarantee Advantage UL - GAUL (05) (NY only)  
					
MetLife Guaranteed Term
MetLife Premier Accumulator Variable Universal Life

MetLife Insurance Company USA:

Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance- Universal Life 2005 (except NY)
Joint and Last Survivor Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance- Joint and Survivor Universal Life 2005 (except NY)  
Flexible Premium Universal Life with Coverage Continuation - Guarantee Advantage UL - GAUL (05) (except NY)
Brighthouse Promise Whole Life

Promise Whole Life Select 10
Promise Whole Life Select 20
Promise Whole Life Select 65

Brighthouse One Year Term
MetLife Term
MetLife Guaranteed Term

New England Financial:

Coli Executive Benefit
Customlife
Economatic
Endowment
Graded Premium Life
Retirement Income
Increasing Whole Life
Juvenile Life
Limited Pay Endowment
Limited Pay Life
Modified Premium Life
Paid Up Family Insurance
Single Premium Life
Whole Life
Survivorship Graded Premium Life
Survivorship Ordinary Life
Variable Life
Variable Survivorship Life
Variable Universal Life
Survivorship Modified Premium Life
Decreasing Premium Life
Limited Pay Variable Life
Decreasing Term
Enterprise Term
Increasing Premium Term
Renewal and Convertible Term
Yearly Renewable Term
First Provider
Flexible Premium Adjustable Life
Private Placement Variable Survivorship Life
ULtraflex Survivorship Life
Zenith Survivorship Life
Zenith Survivorship Life Plus
Zenith Survivorship Life 2002

GenAm Life Products:

MLI USA Guaranteed Level Term
Universal Life-01 (UL-01)*
Joint Survivorship Universal Life (JSUL)*
Universal Life Secondary Guarantee (ULSG)**
Universal Life to Age 100 (UL-100)*
Universal Life to Age 95 (UL-95)*
Class Variable Life (JSVUL-01 & VUL-01)*
Zenith Flexible Life (CCVUL)*
Variable Universal Life 2002*

 
AUTO AND HOME INSURANCE PRODUCTS
MetLife Auto & Home Products:
Auto / RV


Auto


Motorcycle


Recreational Vehicle


Boat


Home / PELP


Home


Mobile Home


Condo


Landlords


Renters


Fire


Personal Excess Liability


Packaged Policy


PAK II


Combo


GrandProtectSM


 
INVESTMENT PRODUCTS
New England Financial Investment Products:

AIM Funds
Alliance Funds
American Funds Services
Calvert Group
CDC NVEST Funds
Davis Funds
Delaware/Voyageur Funds
Dreyfus Funds
Enterprise Fund
Federated
First Eagle (Sogen)
Gabelli Funds
Guardian Investors
IDEX Funds
ING Pilgrim Funds
Invesco Funds
John Hancock Funds
JP Morgan (Vista)
Lord Abbett
Mass Financial Services
Phoenix Equity Planning Corporation
Scudder Investments (Class ABC)
Scudder Investments (Class S)
Selected Funds
State Street Research Funds
Sun America
Van Kampen/Morgan Stanley

 
DISABILITY PRODUCTS
MetLife Financial Services Disability Products:


Accident & Health


Accident Only


Buy / Sell


Expense Plus


Expense Plus 2005


Income Guard


Mortgage Comp


Omni Plus


Profession Disability Income


Omni Essential


Omni Select


Omni Advantage


Priority Plus


Security Disability Income


Security Disability Residual Income


Simplex


Security Overhead Expense


Salary Saver


Travel Plus


Versatile Income


24 Hour Worldwide Accident


New England Financial Disability Products:

Disability Income
Disability Business Buy-Out
Disability Business Expense

General American Disability Products:

83 DISABILITY INCOME
83 BUSINESS OVERHEAD EXPENSE
86 ANNUALLY RENEWABLE DISABILITY INCOME
86 BUSINESS OVERHEAD EXPENSE BASE
86 DISABILITY INCOME
86 GUARANTEED RENEWABLE DI BASE
86 KEY-PERSON DISABILITY INCOME
86 PROFESSIONAL/EXECUTIVE DISABILITY IN
90 ANNUALLY RENEWABLE DISABILITY INCOME
90 DISABILITY BUY-OUT
90 EMPLOYEE OVERHEAD EXPENSE BASE
90 GUARANTEED RENEWABLE DI BASE
90 Key-Person Disability Income
90 Poe Additional Monthly Overhead Expense
90 Professional Overhead Expense Base
90 Professional/Executive Disability IN
90 Senior Prof/Exec DI
91 Annually Renewable Disability Income
91 Annually Renewable Disability Income Base
91 Disability Buy-Out
91 Employee Overhead Expense Base
91 Professional Overhead Expense Base
91 Professional/Executive Disability Income
Accident
Business And Professional
Business Disability Income
Business Disability Insurance Policy
Business Overhead Expense
Commercial
DI Extension Lifetime
Disability Income
Guaranteed Renewable Disability Income
Residual Disability Income

 
CRITICAL ILLNESS PRODUCTS
MetLife Financial Services:

Critical Illness Insurance

 
LONG TERM CARE PRODUCTS

Long Term Care - LTC-97/VIP Series

 
TOTAL CONTROL ACCOUNT PRODUCTS

Total Control Account Settlement Option
Total Control Account Guaranteed Interest Certificate






 





























Disclaimers
The account balances, values and transaction details presented
	here are derived from our contract administrative system; they are not a
	legal statement of your account. Please refer to your confirmations and
	account statements as records of your account. Investments will
	fluctuate with changes in the securities markets and, therefore, may be
	worth more or less when redeemed.
This report is provided for general informational purposes only,
	and the values contained in this report are simply intended as a general
	guide. Values are presented as available on the date of the report. The
	contents of this report should not be relied upon to compute taxes, for
	lending, or for legal purposes. Please use the individual statements you
	receive directly from the financial institutions to verify the activity
	and value of your accounts, and consult a qualified investment, tax or
	legal professional for advice.
Copyright © 2017 Metropolitan Life
	Insurance Company New York, NY - All Rights Reserved





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Annuities | Chattanooga | The Annuity Specialists












































Annuities | Chattanooga | The Annuity Specialists











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































