










 













 










































MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer






Jun 6, 2017, 4:30pm EDT














PITTSBURGH, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global safety equipment manufacturer MSA Safety Incorporated (NYSE: MSA) today announced the election by the MSA Board of Directors of Nishan J. Vartanian to the newly-created position of President and Chief Operating Officer of the company.  Mr. Vartanian, 57, had served as Senior Vice President and President of MSA's business in the Americas since May 2015.  As President and COO, Mr. Vartanian will oversee the continued implementation of the strategic initiatives across MSA's global portfolio.  With this election, William M. Lambert will continue to serve as the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 



"Nish's election to President and Chief Operating Officer reflects the many contributions he has made to MSA over his long and successful career with the company," said William M. Lambert, MSA Chairman and CEO.  "It further indicates the confidence that I, the Board of Directors and the other officers of the company have in Nish's ability to lead the significant initiaves necessary to drive the future performance of our organization while enhancing our productivity, processes and products on a global scale."
Mr. Lambert noted that Mr. Vartanian's election is part of a long-term effort to continue to develop the company's senior leaders.  
Mr. Vartanian began his career at MSA in 1985 as a sales representative based in Atlanta, Ga.  Over his 32-year career with the company he has served in a variety of capacities of increasing responsibility, including U.S. National Sales Manager; Director of North America Commercial Sales and Distribution; Director of Integration for General Monitors, the single largest acquisition in MSA's history; Vice President and Global Business Leader for MSA's Fixed Gas and Flame Detection business; Vice President of MSA North America; and, most recently, Senior Vice President and President, MSA Americas.
Mr. Vartanian received a bachelor's degree in management from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1983.  He also serves on the governing board of The Butler County Community Development Corporation, which proactively creates an environment for private industry to create and retain jobs. 
About MSA Established in 1914, MSA Safety Incorporated is the global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The company's comprehensive product line is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets, including the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, the fire service, the construction industry, mining and the military. MSA's core products include self-contained breathing apparatus, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall protection devices. With 2016 revenues of $1.15 billion, MSA employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. The company is headquartered north of Pittsburgh in Cranberry Township, Pa., and has manufacturing operations in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America. With more than 40 international locations, MSA realizes approximately half of its revenue from outside North America. For more information visit MSA's web site at www.MSAsafety.com.



To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/msa-safetys-nishan-j-vartanian-elected-president-and-chief-operating-officer-300469738.html
SOURCE  MSA




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  


MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Ope - KFVE, K5-Hawaii News, Weather and Sports


















MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Ope - KFVE, K5-Hawaii News, Weather and SportsMember Center:Create Account|Log InManage Account|Log Out

SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY 



HomeSportsHI-FiVE Athlete of The WeekGuy's Pacific PulseNewsLocal ProgramsIt's Academic HawaiiWhat's Cooking HawaiiDiscover Digest Voice of the SeaHot Hawaiian Weddings Contact







MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer




Information contained on this page is provided by an independent third-party content provider. Frankly and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. If you are affiliated with this page and would like it removed please contact pressreleases@franklyinc.comSOURCE  MSAPITTSBURGH, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global safety equipment manufacturer MSA Safety Incorporated (NYSE: MSA) today announced the election by the MSA Board of Directors of Nishan J. Vartanian to the newly-created position of President and Chief Operating Officer of the company.  Mr. Vartanian, 57, had served as Senior Vice President and President of MSA's business in the Americas since May 2015.  As President and COO, Mr. Vartanian will oversee the continued implementation of the strategic initiatives across MSA's global portfolio.  With this election, William M. Lambert will continue to serve as the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.    "Nish's election to President and Chief Operating Officer reflects the many contributions he has made to MSA over his long and successful career with the company," said William M. Lambert, MSA Chairman and CEO.  "It further indicates the confidence that I, the Board of Directors and the other officers of the company have in Nish's ability to lead the significant initiaves necessary to drive the future performance of our organization while enhancing our productivity, processes and products on a global scale."Mr. Lambert noted that Mr. Vartanian's election is part of a long-term effort to continue to develop the company's senior leaders.  Mr. Vartanian began his career at MSA in 1985 as a sales representative based in Atlanta, Ga.  Over his 32-year career with the company he has served in a variety of capacities of increasing responsibility, including U.S. National Sales Manager; Director of North America Commercial Sales and Distribution; Director of Integration for General Monitors, the single largest acquisition in MSA's history; Vice President and Global Business Leader for MSA's Fixed Gas and Flame Detection business; Vice President of MSA North America; and, most recently, Senior Vice President and President, MSA Americas.Mr. Vartanian received a bachelor's degree in management from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1983.  He also serves on the governing board of The Butler County Community Development Corporation, which proactively creates an environment for private industry to create and retain jobs. About MSA Established in 1914, MSA Safety Incorporated is the global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The company's comprehensive product line is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets, including the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, the fire service, the construction industry, mining and the military. MSA's core products include self-contained breathing apparatus, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall protection devices. With 2016 revenues of $1.15 billion, MSA employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. The company is headquartered north of Pittsburgh in Cranberry Township, Pa., and has manufacturing operations in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America. With more than 40 international locations, MSA realizes approximately half of its revenue from outside North America. For more information visit MSA's web site at www.MSAsafety.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/msa-safetys-nishan-j-vartanian-elected-president-and-chief-operating-officer-300469738.html©2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.





















All content © Copyright 2001 - 2017 KFVE, an HITV Operating Company, Inc station. All Rights Reserved.For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
 FCC Public File
Email: publicfile@k5thehometeam.com
Phone: 808-847-9371
Closed Captioning
























 



 MSA Safety’s Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer 
         










    










 













 











 



















MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer
        																																																																				
              
















 News provided by
MSA  
Jun 06, 2017, 16:30 ET









 Share this article




























































PITTSBURGH, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global safety equipment manufacturer MSA Safety Incorporated (NYSE:    MSA) today announced the election by the MSA Board of Directors of Nishan J. Vartanian to the newly-created position of President and Chief Operating Officer of the company.  Mr. Vartanian, 57, had served as Senior Vice President and President of MSA's business in the Americas since May 2015.  As President and COO, Mr. Vartanian will oversee the continued implementation of the strategic initiatives across MSA's global portfolio.  With this election, William M. Lambert will continue to serve as the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 










 







							 		MSA Safety's Nish Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer
							  



 

 
 



"Nish's election to President and Chief Operating Officer reflects the many contributions he has made to MSA over his long and successful career with the company," said William M. Lambert, MSA Chairman and CEO.  "It further indicates the confidence that I, the Board of Directors and the other officers of the company have in Nish's ability to lead the significant initiaves necessary to drive the future performance of our organization while enhancing our productivity, processes and products on a global scale."
Mr. Lambert noted that Mr. Vartanian's election is part of a long-term effort to continue to develop the company's senior leaders.  
Mr. Vartanian began his career at MSA in 1985 as a sales representative based in Atlanta, Ga.  Over his 32-year career with the company he has served in a variety of capacities of increasing responsibility, including U.S. National Sales Manager; Director of North America Commercial Sales and Distribution; Director of Integration for General Monitors, the single largest acquisition in MSA's history; Vice President and Global Business Leader for MSA's Fixed Gas and Flame Detection business; Vice President of MSA North America; and, most recently, Senior Vice President and President, MSA Americas.
Mr. Vartanian received a bachelor's degree in management from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1983.  He also serves on the governing board of The Butler County Community Development Corporation, which proactively creates an environment for private industry to create and retain jobs. 
About MSA Established in 1914, MSA Safety Incorporated is the global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The company's comprehensive product line is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets, including the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, the fire service, the construction industry, mining and the military. MSA's core products include self-contained breathing apparatus, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall protection devices. With 2016 revenues of $1.15 billion, MSA employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. The company is headquartered north of Pittsburgh in Cranberry Township, Pa., and has manufacturing operations in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America. With more than 40 international locations, MSA realizes approximately half of its revenue from outside North America. For more information visit MSA's web site at www.MSAsafety.com.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/msa-safetys-nishan-j-vartanian-elected-president-and-chief-operating-officer-300469738.html
SOURCE MSA
 Related Links

http://www.msasafety.com



 

















Jun 08, 2017, 16:30 ET
Preview: Thomas W. Giacomini Elected to MSA Board of Directors




















May 18, 2017, 12:19 ET
Preview: MSA Safety Shareholders Re-Elect Three Directors at Annual Meeting








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 28, 2017, 10:38 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              MSA Schedules Second Quarter Earnings Webcast








 











Jun 28, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              MSA to Acquire Firefighter Turnout Gear Manufacturer Globe...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  RFID (Radio Frequency ID)
  Computer Electronics
  Gas
  Oil & Energy
  Construction & Building








 You just read:
MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer


 News provided by
MSA  
Jun 06, 2017, 16:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President And Chief Operating Officer - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President And Chief Operating Officer









PR Newswire




Jun 6, 2017 4:30 PM EDT













 


















































  PITTSBURGH, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global safety equipment manufacturer MSA Safety Incorporated (NYSE: MSA) today announced the election by the MSA Board of Directors of Nishan J. Vartanian to the newly-created position of President and Chief Operating Officer of the company.  Mr. Vartanian, 57, had served as Senior Vice President and President of MSA's business in the Americas since May 2015.  As President and COO, Mr. Vartanian will oversee the continued implementation of the strategic initiatives across MSA's global portfolio.  With this election, William M. Lambert will continue to serve as the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.     "Nish's election to President and Chief Operating Officer reflects the many contributions he has made to MSA over his long and successful career with the company," said William M. Lambert, MSA Chairman and CEO.  "It further indicates the confidence that I, the Board of Directors and the other officers of the company have in Nish's ability to lead the significant initiaves necessary to drive the future performance of our organization while enhancing our productivity, processes and products on a global scale." Mr. Lambert noted that Mr. Vartanian's election is part of a long-term effort to continue to develop the company's senior leaders.  Mr. Vartanian began his career at MSA in 1985 as a sales representative based in Atlanta, Ga.  Over his 32-year career with the company he has served in a variety of capacities of increasing responsibility, including U.S. National Sales Manager; Director of North America Commercial Sales and Distribution; Director of Integration for General Monitors, the single largest acquisition in MSA's history; Vice President and Global Business Leader for MSA's Fixed Gas and Flame Detection business; Vice President of MSA North America; and, most recently, Senior Vice President and President, MSA Americas.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Firefighter Safety Gear Replacement to be Boom for MSA Safety
MSA Safety's focus is to create products to protect people at work and in dangerous environments.



Ruben Ramirez

Sep 14, 2016 11:10 AM EDT
























Strong On High Relative Volume: MSA Safety (MSA)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified MSA Safety (MSA) as a strong on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jun 14, 2016 10:12 AM EDT
























European Stocks Recoil From Further Drops in Asian Stocks
European stock indices take fright on Tuesday from weak manufacturing data from China, which sent Asia Pacific indices down sharply.



Laura Board

Sep 1, 2015 6:28 AM EDT
























Trade-Ideas: MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) Is Today's Strong On High Relative Volume Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) as a strong on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jul 23, 2015 10:03 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


3 Secrets Tesla Doesn't Want to Admit Ahead of Its Big Model 3 Party


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives Very Soon -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballMSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating OfficerPR NewswireJune 6, 2017ReblogShareTweetSharePITTSBURGH, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global safety equipment manufacturer MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) today announced the election by the MSA Board of Directors of Nishan J. Vartanian to the newly-created position of President and Chief Operating Officer of the company.  Mr. Vartanian, 57, had served as Senior Vice President and President of MSA's business in the Americas since May 2015.  As President and COO, Mr. Vartanian will oversee the continued implementation of the strategic initiatives across MSA's global portfolio.  With this election, William M. Lambert will continue to serve as the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.View photosMSA Safety's Nish Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating OfficerMore"Nish's election to President and Chief Operating Officer reflects the many contributions he has made to MSA over his long and successful career with the company," said William M. Lambert, MSA Chairman and CEO.  "It further indicates the confidence that I, the Board of Directors and the other officers of the company have in Nish's ability to lead the significant initiaves necessary to drive the future performance of our organization while enhancing our productivity, processes and products on a global scale."Mr. Lambert noted that Mr. Vartanian's election is part of a long-term effort to continue to develop the company's senior leaders. Mr. Vartanian began his career at MSA in 1985 as a sales representative based in Atlanta, Ga.  Over his 32-year career with the company he has served in a variety of capacities of increasing responsibility, including U.S. National Sales Manager; Director of North America Commercial Sales and Distribution; Director of Integration for General Monitors, the single largest acquisition in MSA's history; Vice President and Global Business Leader for MSA's Fixed Gas and Flame Detection business; Vice President of MSA North America; and, most recently, Senior Vice President and President, MSA Americas.Mr. Vartanian received a bachelor's degree in management from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1983.  He also serves on the governing board of The Butler County Community Development Corporation, which proactively creates an environment for private industry to create and retain jobs.About MSA Established in 1914, MSA Safety Incorporated is the global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The company's comprehensive product line is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets, including the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, the fire service, the construction industry, mining and the military. MSA's core products include self-contained breathing apparatus, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall protection devices. With 2016 revenues of $1.15 billion, MSA employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. The company is headquartered north of Pittsburgh in Cranberry Township, Pa., and has manufacturing operations in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America. With more than 40 international locations, MSA realizes approximately half of its revenue from outside North America. For more information visit MSA's web site at www.MSAsafety.com.Read MoreView photosMSA Safety IncorporatedMoreTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/msa-safetys-nishan-j-vartanian-elected-president-and-chief-operating-officer-300469738.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAT&T executives to run combined company after Time Warner dealReutersEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsored'Trump divorce': Former NFL cheerleader and Florida state attorney split over US presidentThe TelegraphMeg Whitman's out. Will GE chief executive take over Uber?SiliconBeatWind Projects in Peril as Indian States Rethink PurchasesBloombergDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAmazon Surpasses $500B Mark, Bezos Briefly Becomes the World’s Richest PersonInvestopediaThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceGM Cadillac chief: New CT5 will replace 3 sedans; EVs comingAutoblogChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoTop 5 Mortgage Refinancing Lenders of 2017MorningFinance | LendingTree QuotesSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressStruggling to govern, Trump faces growing Republican uneaseStuart: Actually this is the best our country can do right now.  If the Republicans accomplished anything it would be tax cuts for the wealthy, cuts to Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security, removal of all banking regulations and environmental protections and on and on.

Get rid of these traitors in 2018 so our country can be great again.Join the Conversation1 / 51.3k















MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer - GuruFocus.com 


















MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer - GuruFocus.com










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 PRNewswireArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating OfficerJune 06, 2017 |  About: 
NYSE:MSA  +0%




PR Newswire
PITTSBURGH, June 6, 2017

PITTSBURGH, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global safety equipment manufacturer MSA Safety Incorporated (NYSE: MSA) today announced the election by the MSA Board of Directors of Nishan J. Vartanian to the newly-created position of President and Chief Operating Officer of the company.  Mr. Vartanian, 57, had served as Senior Vice President and President of MSA's business in the Americas since May 2015.  As President and COO, Mr. Vartanian will oversee the continued implementation of the strategic initiatives across MSA's global portfolio.  With this election, William M. Lambert will continue to serve as the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 




NYSE:MSA 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of NYSE:MSAPeter Lynch Chart of NYSE:MSA"Nish's election to President and Chief Operating Officer reflects the many contributions he has made to MSA over his long and successful career with the company," said William M. Lambert, MSA Chairman and CEO.  "It further indicates the confidence that I, the Board of Directors and the other officers of the company have in Nish's ability to lead the significant initiaves necessary to drive the future performance of our organization while enhancing our productivity, processes and products on a global scale."
Mr. Lambert noted that Mr. Vartanian's election is part of a long-term effort to continue to develop the company's senior leaders.  
Mr. Vartanian began his career at MSA in 1985 as a sales representative based in Atlanta, Ga.  Over his 32-year career with the company he has served in a variety of capacities of increasing responsibility, including U.S. National Sales Manager; Director of North America Commercial Sales and Distribution; Director of Integration for General Monitors, the single largest acquisition in MSA's history; Vice President and Global Business Leader for MSA's Fixed Gas and Flame Detection business; Vice President of MSA North America; and, most recently, Senior Vice President and President, MSA Americas.
Mr. Vartanian received a bachelor's degree in management from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1983.  He also serves on the governing board of The Butler County Community Development Corporation, which proactively creates an environment for private industry to create and retain jobs. 
About MSA Established in 1914, MSA Safety Incorporated is the global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The company's comprehensive product line is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets, including the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, the fire service, the construction industry, mining and the military. MSA's core products include self-contained breathing apparatus, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall protection devices. With 2016 revenues of $1.15 billion, MSA employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. The company is headquartered north of Pittsburgh in Cranberry Township, Pa., and has manufacturing operations in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America. With more than 40 international locations, MSA realizes approximately half of its revenue from outside North America. For more information visit MSA's web site at www.MSAsafety.com.



To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/msa-safetys-nishan-j-vartanian-elected-president-and-chief-operating-officer-300469738.html
SOURCE  MSA









  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 7 Warning Signs with MSA Safety Inc $NYSE:MSA.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  PRNewswire




→User
            Generated Screeners

hingnamHNPraveen Chawlashort / insidergurufocusIPO dateculpelProjected FCF/P (+10EBITDA,+10culpelProjected FCF/P (+3,6,TR,+EBITrharmelinkDividend Champions with WeeklyzebulonminStandardsrael22226pbarker46Big dividend stockshsaabJuly

→NYSE:MSA Price Chart





$78.92 (1y: +41%)



→Guru NewsFPA Capital Fund 2nd Quarter 2017 Commentary by Holly LaFonChevron Up Slightly After Reporting 2nd-Quarter Earnings by Sydnee GatewoodBrewing a Solid 3rd-Quarter Earnings Report by Ben ReynoldsBlue-Chip Stocks in Focus: Consolidated Edison by Ben Reynolds→Value IdeasIronwood Investment Management Llc Buys Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc, Tahoe Resources Inc, Invacare Corp, Sells Ultratech Inc, BNC Bancorp, Shoe Carnival Inc by insiderIntuitive Surgical Inc (ISRG) President & CEO Gary S Guthart Sold $16.8 million of Shares by insiderTweedy Browne Comments on Akzo by Holly LaFonTweedy Browne Comments on Nestle by Holly LaFon→Guru InterviewsPodcast Episode 3: Healthcare Investing Pro Mindy Perry by Holly LaFonPodcast Episode 4: Interview With Legendary Investor Jean-Marie Eveillard by Holly LaFon23 Questions With the Founder of WayUndervalued.com by PJ PahygiannisGuruFocus Interview: Orbimed Guru Sam Isaly on Investing in New Era of Healthcare by Holly LaFon→Top Ranked ArticlesSome Thoughts on Holding Cash by The Science of HittingBerkshire and Blue Chip Stamps by The Science of HittingMohnish Pabrai Crushing It With 2 Best-Performing Car Companies, Ferrari and Fiat by Holly LaFonSome Signs of 'Competitive Pressures' in Credit by The Science of Hitting
→You May Also LikeMSA Schedules Second Quarter Earnings WebcastThomas W. Giacomini Elected to MSA Board of DirectorsMSA Increases Quarterly DividendMSA Puts Spotlight on Worker Safety During OSHA's National Safety Stand-Down WeekMSA Advocates for Firefighter Cancer Awareness and Prevention



 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


























MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer - Oil & Gas 360
































































EnerCom, Inc.
The Oil & Gas Conference
EnerCom Dallas
Sponsors



 



Advertise on 360




Email Subscription













































  






Home
Industry News
360 Profiles
Event Calendar
Press Releases
Video



















MSA Safety’s Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer


				in Press     			by— 360 Feed Wire 




Share 
Print 
















 June 6, 2017 - 4:30 PM EDT



































close




Email this News Article



Your Name



Your Email



Friend's Name



Friend's Email



Receive Copy:

yes               
				

























MSA Safety's Nishan J. Vartanian Elected President and Chief Operating Officer
PITTSBURGH, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global safety equipment manufacturer MSA Safety Incorporated (NYSE: MSA) today announced the election by the MSA Board of Directors of Nishan J. Vartanian to the newly-created position of President and Chief Operating Officer of the company.  Mr. Vartanian, 57, had served as Senior Vice President and President of MSA's business in the Americas since May 2015.  As President and COO, Mr. Vartanian will oversee the continued implementation of the strategic initiatives across MSA's global portfolio.  With this election, William M. Lambert will continue to serve as the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 



"Nish's election to President and Chief Operating Officer reflects the many contributions he has made to MSA over his long and successful career with the company," said William M. Lambert, MSA Chairman and CEO.  "It further indicates the confidence that I, the Board of Directors and the other officers of the company have in Nish's ability to lead the significant initiaves necessary to drive the future performance of our organization while enhancing our productivity, processes and products on a global scale."
Mr. Lambert noted that Mr. Vartanian's election is part of a long-term effort to continue to develop the company's senior leaders.  
Mr. Vartanian began his career at MSA in 1985 as a sales representative based in Atlanta, Ga.  Over his 32-year career with the company he has served in a variety of capacities of increasing responsibility, including U.S. National Sales Manager; Director of North America Commercial Sales and Distribution; Director of Integration for General Monitors, the single largest acquisition in MSA's history; Vice President and Global Business Leader for MSA's Fixed Gas and Flame Detection business; Vice President of MSA North America; and, most recently, Senior Vice President and President, MSA Americas.
Mr. Vartanian received a bachelor's degree in management from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1983.  He also serves on the governing board of The Butler County Community Development Corporation, which proactively creates an environment for private industry to create and retain jobs. 
About MSA Established in 1914, MSA Safety Incorporated is the global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The company's comprehensive product line is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets, including the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, the fire service, the construction industry, mining and the military. MSA's core products include self-contained breathing apparatus, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, fire and rescue helmets, and fall protection devices. With 2016 revenues of $1.15 billion, MSA employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. The company is headquartered north of Pittsburgh in Cranberry Township, Pa., and has manufacturing operations in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America. With more than 40 international locations, MSA realizes approximately half of its revenue from outside North America. For more information visit MSA's web site at www.MSAsafety.com.



To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/msa-safetys-nishan-j-vartanian-elected-president-and-chief-operating-officer-300469738.html
SOURCE  MSA



Source: PR Newswire
				(June 6, 2017 - 4:30 PM EDT) 

				News by QuoteMedia
www.quotemedia.com




















  

Press Releases by CategoryGovernance
Earnings
Webcasts / Conference Calls
Finance
360 Articles by CategoryAnalysis
Arctic
Canada
Discoveries
Earnings
Finance
Fracing
International
M & A
Midstream
MLPs
Offshore
OIlfield Services
OPEC
Politics & Unrest
Regulatory
360 Profiles Blackbird Energy Core Laboratories International Frontier Resources Manitok Energy Nighthawk Energy PDC Energy PetroQuest Energy Range Resources Samson Oil & Gas Tamarack Valley Energy Whiting Petroleum WPX Energy Yuma Energy 
 
Chart of the Week

 

Effective Rig Count Breaks 2,000 for First Time in June

July 18, 2017
—
Comments are Disabled

Permian EERC pushes to 1,135 EnerCom released its monthly EnerCom Effective Rig Count today. The Effective Rig Count now reports an equivalent 2,015 rigs active in the U.S., up from 1954 last month. The Effective Rig Count adjusts reported rig counts for increasing efficiency in drilling and completions. There are significantly fewer rigs active in the U.S. today than in[Read More…]








 




 



Industry Calendar 
 

Contact Oil & Gas 360® c/o EnerCom, Inc.
800 18th Street
Suite 200
Denver, CO 80202

Bevo Beaven
Editor
303-296-8834
 

Advertise on OAG360 OAG360 has multiple advertising opportunities.  Reach your investors/buyers by advertising on the website, eMail campaigns, webcasts and videos. 


Learn More
 

Twitter 
 

 

 
 


		
				Copyright © 2017 — Oil & Gas 360®. All Rights Reserved. 
				 About 360 | Advertise | Subscribe | Contact | From the Experts at EnerCom, Inc.












