

Vascular Therapies, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:21 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Vascular Therapies, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Vascular Therapies, Inc. designs, develops, and manufactures vascular device under the name COLL-R. The company was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Cresskill, New Jersey.


105 Union AvenueCresskill, NJ 07626United StatesFounded in 2001



Phone: 201-227-8911

vasculartherapies.net







Key Executives for Vascular Therapies, Inc.




Dr. Sriram S. Iyer M.D.


      	Chairman and President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Vascular Therapies, Inc. Key Developments

Vascular Therapies, Inc. Presents at 35th Annual JP Morgan Healthcare Conference, Jan-10-2017 10:00 AM
Jan 6 17
Vascular Therapies, Inc. Presents at 35th Annual JP Morgan Healthcare Conference, Jan-10-2017 10:00 AM. Venue: Westin St. Francis Hotel, 335 Powell Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States. Speakers: Sriram S. Iyer, Chairman and President.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Vascular Therapies, Inc., please visit vasculartherapies.net.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	SIROGEN Trademark of VASCULAR THERAPIES, INC.. Serial Number: 85512536 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Pharmaceutical Products
SIROGEN










 
Get FREE email alerts













SIROGEN  Trademark Information
 VASCULAR THERAPIES, INC.
A combination drug product, namely, a formulation of sirolimus incorporated within a collagen membrane, which, as an implantable drug carrier, enables local delivery of sirolimus to the vascular wall




Perfect for these industries

Pharmaceutical Products





Words that describe this mark
combination   drug   product         formulation   sirolimus   incorporated   collagen   membrane         implantable   drug   carrier      enables   local   delivery   sirolimus   vascular   wall    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SIROGEN trademark by VASCULAR THERAPIES, INC. 
                                in CRESSKILL, NJ, 07626.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SIROGEN trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner VASCULAR THERAPIES, INC. of the SIROGEN trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SIROGEN trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, January 10, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SIROGEN by 
                        VASCULAR THERAPIES, INC., CRESSKILL, NJ  07626.
                        The USPTO has given the SIROGEN 
                        trademark serial  number of  85512536.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for SIROGEN is 
                        
                        
                                            MICHAEL BAMBERGER of 
                                            BECK, CHAET, BAMBERGER & POLSKY, S.C.,  330 E KILBOURN AVE STE 1085, MILWAUKEE, WI 53202-3146 
                                .
                            The SIROGEN trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Pharmaceutical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SIROGEN 
                            is A combination drug product, namely, a formulation of sirolimus incorporated within a collagen membrane, which, as an implantable drug carrier, enables local delivery of sirolimus to the vascular wall. 
                            





Word mark:
 SIROGEN


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

3/23/2015






  Serial Number:  
85512536


  Filing Date:  
1/10/2012


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
A combination drug product, namely, a formulation of sirolimus incorporated within a collagen membrane, which, as an implantable drug carrier, enables local delivery of sirolimus to the vascular wall


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/19/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

VASCULAR THERAPIES, INC.CRESSKILL, NJ  07626
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MICHAEL BAMBERGER
BECK, CHAET, BAMBERGER & POLSKY, S.C.
330 E KILBOURN AVE STE 1085
MILWAUKEE, WI 53202-3146






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (005) - Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations; sanitary preparations for medical purposes; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies; plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SIROGEN trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/23/2015
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MICHAEL BAMBERGER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SIROGEN trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search sirogen on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SIROGEN 




SIROGEN is providing A combination drug product, namely, a formulation of sirolimus incorporated within a collagen membrane, which, as an implantable drug carrier, enables local delivery of sirolimus to the vascular wall.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















































Cardiovascular Products - Healthcare Professionals | Medtronic





Your browser is out of date

    With an updated browser, you will have a better Medtronic website experience. Update my browser now.


×





 

Skip to main content













                            Adriatic
                            
                        

                            Argentina
                            
                        

                            Asia-Pacific
                            
                        

                            Australia and New Zealand
                            
                        

                            Belgium
                             - Français
                        

                            Belgium
                             - Nederlands
                        

                            Bolivia
                            
                        

                            Brasil (Brazil)
                            
                        

                            Bulgaria
                            
                        

                            Canada
                             - English
                        

                            Canada
                             - Français
                        

                            Česká republika (Czech Republic)
                            
                        

                            Chile
                            
                        

                            中华人民共和国 (China)
                            
                        

                            Colombia
                            
                        

                            Costa Rica
                            
                        

                            Србија (Serbia)
                            
                        

                            Danmark (Denmark)
                            
                        

                            Deutschland (Germany)
                            
                        

                            Ecuador
                            
                        

                            España (Spain)
                            
                        

                            Europe
                            
                        

                            France
                            
                        

                            Global
                            
                        

                            Ελλάδα (Greece)
                            
                        

                            Indian Subcontinent
                            
                        

                            Ireland
                            
                        

                            Israel  ישראל
                            
                        

                            Italia (Italy)
                            
                        

                            日本 (Japan)
                            
                        

                            Latinoamérica
                            
                        

                            Magyarország (Hungary)
                            
                        

                            México (Mexico)
                            
                        

                            Middle East and North Africa
                            
                        

                            Nederland (Netherlands)
                            
                        

                            Norge (Norway)
                            
                        

                            Österreich (Austria)
                            
                        

                            Panama
                            
                        

                            Paraguay
                            
                        

                            Perú (Peru)
                            
                        

                            Polska (Poland)
                            
                        

                            Portugal
                            
                        

                            Российская Федерация (Russia)
                            
                        

                            Puerto Rico
                            
                        

                            Romania
                            
                        

                            Schweiz (Switzerland)
                             - Deutsch
                        

                            Slovenská republika (Slovak Republic)
                            
                        

                            South Africa and Sub-Sahara
                            
                        

                            대한민국 (South Korea)
                            
                        

                            Southeast Asia
                            
                        

                            Suisse (Switzerland)
                             - Français
                        

                            Suomi (Finland)
                            
                        

                            Sverige (Sweden)
                            
                        

                            Türkiye (Turkey)
                            
                        

                            United Kingdom
                            
                        

                            United States
                            
                        

                            Uruguay
                            
                        

                            Venezuela
                            
                        

                            Україна (Ukraine)
                            
                        













































































 Menu
Close










 Search
Close




























Go



Advanced Search Tips























Cardiovascular Products
Information for Healthcare Professionals

 









Cardiac Products

Ablation Products – Surgical
Aortic Stent Grafts
Blood Management and Diagnostics
Cannulae
Cardiopulmonary Products
Cardiothoracic Products
Coronary Balloons
Coronary Catheters
Coronary Stents
Electrosurgical Products
Embolic Protection System
Heart Valves – Surgical
Heart Valves – Transcatheter
Interventional Guidewires and Accessories 

Pediatric Perfusion Products
Revascularization Products (Surgical)
Transradial Experience


















          Learn about related 

          Therapies & Procedures 

 

        Access Clinician Information
    











LifeLine CardioVascular Technical Support



 


(877) 526-7890

rs.cstechsupport@medtronic.com











Reimbursement Hotline



Vascular Therapies


877-347-9662





Structural Heart Therapies


866-616-8400

rs.cardiovascularhealtheconomics@medtronic.com
Visit Our Website


































var dataLayer = {"site":{"isProduction":true,"type":"desktop","id":"medtronic","language":"en","country":"US"},"page":{"audience":[{"level1":"Healthcare professionals"},{"level1":"Healthcare professionals","level2":"Physicians","level3":"Cardiovascular surgeons"},{"level1":"Healthcare professionals","level2":"Physicians","level3":"Interventional cardiologists"},{"level1":"Healthcare professionals","level2":"Physicians","level3":"Thoracic surgeons"},{"level1":"Healthcare professionals","level2":"Physicians","level3":"General cardiologists"},{"level1":"Healthcare professionals","level2":"Physicians","level3":"Cardiothoracic surgeons"},{"level1":"Healthcare administrators"}],"detail":"Cardiovascular","type":"/apps/medtronic-com/templates/menu-landing-page","aemPath":"healthcare-professionals/products/cardiovascular","platform":"AEM","sourceCopy":"/content/medtronic-com/global/healthcare-professionals/products/cardiovascular","level3":"Cardiovascular","level2":"Products","level1":"Healthcare Professionals"},"businessUnitTagSet":[{"level1":"Cardiac and Vascular Group"},{"level1":"Cardiac and Vascular Group","level2":"Aortic and Peripheral Vascular"},{"level1":"Cardiac and Vascular Group","level2":"Coronary and Structural Heart"}],"event":{"name":[]},"promos":[{"id":"medtronic-com/components/content/subtemplate-slots/headline||Learn about related|Therapies & Procedures| ","position":"sequence-1|side-rail-subtemplate-1|slot-1|variable-flex-height"}],"product":[],"content":{},"filters":[],"search":{"keyword":"","results":0,"criteria":[],"pageType":"list"},"visitor":{"loginState":"anonymous","type":"","id":""},"form":{"condition":"","therapyType":"","country":""},"forms":[],"wol":{"destination":""},"horizontalNavigation":{"dropdown_clicked":"","dropdown_title":""},"cookieModalAcceptClick":"","globalDisclaimer":{"changedRegion":""}};
/* Tracks a click on Cookie popup's 'Accept' button. */
if($("#modalCookieAcceptbtn").length)
    cookieTracker();
/* Search Tracker */
if ($("#searchTracker").length) {
    searchTracker();
}

/* SM : Adding tracker for dynamic form : START */
    if(dynamicFormAnalytics && dynamicFormAnalytics.updateDataLayerOnInit){
        dynamicFormAnalytics.updateDataLayerOnInit();
    }
/* SM : Adding tracker for dynamic form : END */










Vascular Therapies | Innovative Treatments for Dialysis Patients
















































































HomeCurrent FocusProgress to DateAbout UsAbout Vascular TherapiesManagement TeamSriram Iyer, MD, FACC, FSCAIRosanne TerracianoDavid Kornhauser, EdDRakesh RaghubanshiPaul Barkofsky, PhDMaureen HarrisonBoard of DirectorsRobert CroceMichael Bamberger, Esq.Gerald Dorros, M.D.Robert FlanaganSriram Iyer, MD, FACC, FSCAISomu SubramaniamKiyoshi TakesueAllan R. TesslerContact Us 








Vascular Therapies
(201) 266-8310
 info@vasculartx.com 















			About Vascular Therapies		


glenn 


			2017-06-28T14:33:19+00:00		

About Vascular Therapies
Vascular Therapies: a focused, experienced, and passionate team driven by the goal of improving the lives of patients.    Vascular Therapies (VT) is a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of innovative new treatments to address major unmet clinical needs of patients requiring an AV fistula for dialysis. Our lead product candidate, containing sirolimus, has received orphan drug designations in the U.S. and E.U. for the dialysis vascular access indications.
The company consists of a focused, experienced, and passionate team driven by the goal of improving the lives of patients. We take pride in strong, global relationships with the patient, research, and medical communities.
The current development plan is focused on the hemodialysis vascular access indication – investigating the safety and usefulness of the drug product to improve the outcomes of an Arterio-Venous Fistula (AVF). The company is conducting its U.S. Phase 3 randomized, AVF clinical trial in accordance with a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) Agreement with the U.S. FDA.
Meet our Management Team
Meet our Board of Directors
Caution: The Sirolimus-eluting Collagen Implant is an investigational product that is not available for sale in any country.
Read our Expanded Access Policy.




 
 

 
 
 


















Safety and Efficacy of the Sirolimus-Eluting Collagen Implant to Assess AV Fistula Outcomes in Patients on Hemodialysis - Full Text View - ClinicalTrials.gov



































 Skip to Main Content 


This site became the new ClinicalTrials.gov on June 19th. Learn more.
Show more 

We will be updating this site in phases. This allows us to move faster and to deliver better services.
		Show less 


 

IMPORTANT: Listing of a study on this site does not reflect endorsement by the National Institutes of Health. Talk with a trusted healthcare professional before volunteering for a study.  Read more...



IMPORTANT: Talk with a trusted healthcare professional before volunteering for a study. Read more...

 
A service of the U.S. National Institutes of Health




 

×

Find Studies

New Search
Advanced Search
See Studies by Topic
See Studies on Map
How to Search
How to Use Search Results
How to Find Results of Studies
How to Read a Study Record


About Studies

Learn About Studies
Other Sites About Studies
Glossary of Common Site Terms


Submit Studies

Why Should I Register and Submit Results?
FDAAA 801 Requirements
How to Apply for an Account
How to Register Your Study
How to Edit Your Study Record
How to Submit Your Results
Frequently Asked Questions
Support Materials
Training Materials


Resources

Selected Publications
Clinical Alerts and Advisories
RSS Feeds
Trends, Charts, and Maps
Downloading Content for Analysis


About Site

ClinicalTrials.gov Background
About the Results Database
History, Policies, and Laws
Media/Press Resources
Linking to This Site
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer






 
Saved Studies

Saved Studies (0)


Give us feedback



Find Studies

New Search
Advanced Search
See Studies by Topic
See Studies on Map
How to Search
How to Use Search Results
How to Find Results of Studies
How to Read a Study Record


About Studies

Learn About Studies
Other Sites About Studies
Glossary of Common Site Terms


Submit Studies

Why Should I Register and Submit Results?
FDAAA 801 Requirements
How to Apply for an Account
How to Register Your Study
How to Edit Your Study Record
How to Submit Your Results
Frequently Asked Questions
Support Materials
Training Materials


Resources

Selected Publications
Clinical Alerts and Advisories
RSS Feeds
Trends, Charts, and Maps
Downloading Content for Analysis


About Site

ClinicalTrials.gov Background
About the Results Database
History, Policies, and Laws
Media/Press Resources
Linking to This Site
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer










Home
Study Record Detail



Safety and Efficacy of the Sirolimus-Eluting Collagen Implant to Assess AV Fistula Outcomes in Patients on Hemodialysis (ACCESS)


      This study is currently recruiting participants.
                  
See 
 Contacts and Locations



Verified August 2016 by Vascular Therapies, Inc.
    
Sponsor:
 Vascular Therapies, Inc. 
Information provided by (Responsible Party):
Vascular Therapies, Inc.


ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier:
NCT02513303
First received: July 29, 2015
Last updated:  August 8, 2016
Last verified:  August 2016 
 History of Changes 



Full Text View     
Tabular View
No Study Results Posted
Disclaimer
How to Read a Study Record

  


  Purpose

The purpose of this study is to determine whether the use of the Sirolimus-eluting Collagen Implant will improve AV Fistula outcomes, including time to first dialysis and suitability for dialysis at 6 months, in subjects undergoing surgical creation of an AV fistula for providing vascular access for hemodialysis.





Condition


Intervention


Phase




Complication of Renal Dialysis
End Stage Renal Disease
End Stage Kidney Disease
ESRD
Chronic Kidney Failure
Complication of Hemodialysis
Vascular Access Complication
Arteriovenous Fistula


Drug: Sirolimus


Phase 3













Study Type:

        Interventional
                      


Study Design:
Allocation: RandomizedIntervention Model: Parallel AssignmentMasking: Double Blind (Participant, Care Provider, Outcomes Assessor)Primary Purpose: Prevention


Official Title:
A Phase 3, Randomized, Multicenter, Single-blind, Controlled Study Evaluating Arteriovenous Fistula Outcomes With and Without a Perivascular Sirolimus-Eluting Collagen Implant in Subjects on Hemodialysis




Resource links provided by NLM:




MedlinePlus related topics:
            Dialysis
Fistulas



Drug Information available for:
            Sirolimus
Everolimus
Temsirolimus

U.S. FDA Resources




Further study details as provided by Vascular Therapies, Inc.:



Primary Outcome Measures:
      
Time to first dialysis (TTFD) [ Time Frame: Assessments to determine the suitability for first cannulation of the AV fistula will start 28 days following surgery. ]Time To First Dialysis (TTFD): defined as the time from fistula creation to the time when the fistula can support three consecutive dialysis sessions using 2-needles with a mean dialysis machine blood pump speed of ≥300 mL/min.




Secondary Outcome Measures:
      
Fistula Suitability for Dialysis at 6 Months (FSD6) [ Time Frame: Assessed during a 30-day suitability ascertainment period that begins 150 days after fistula creation ]Fistula Suitability for Dialysis at 6 Months (FSD6): defined as the ability to use the fistula for dialysis using 2-needles with a mean dialysis machine blood pump speed of ≥300 mL/min for two-thirds of the dialysis sessions during a 30 day suitability ascertainment period that begins 150 days after fistula creation.











 Estimated  Enrollment:
245


  Study Start Date:
November 2015


  Estimated  Study Completion Date:
December 2017


  Estimated  Primary Completion Date:
June 2017 (Final data collection date for primary outcome measure)








             Arms           



            Assigned Interventions
          




          Experimental: Treatment Group
AV fistula surgery with investigational product (Sirolimus-eluting Collagen Implant)


                      Drug: Sirolimus
Subjects in the treatment group will receive a single prophylactic dose of sirolimus delivered locally to the vessel wall at and around the site of the anastomosis of an AV fistula, immediately following completion of a successful AV fistula surgery. Control group subjects will have surgery for creation of the AV fistula but will not receive the drug.
Other Name: Rapamycin




          No Intervention: Control Group
AV fistula surgery without investigational product













  Eligibility










Ages Eligible for Study:   
18 Years and older   (Adult, Senior)


Sexes Eligible for Study:   
All


Accepts Healthy Volunteers:   
No


Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

Currently on hemodialysis for ≤12 months
Vascular anatomy suitable for creation of the AV fistula, determined by pre procedure duplex ultrasound
Successful creation of a single stage radiocephalic or brachiocephalic end to side fistula

Exclusion Criteria:

Prior AV access created on the limb where the fistula surgery is planned
ST-elevation MI or cerebrovascular accident within 30 days of the index procedure
Known hypersensitivity to the following: sirolimus, beef or bovine collagen
Hypotension with systolic blood pressures <100 mm Hg at the time of screening
Known or suspected active infection at the time of the AV fistula surgery
Known to be HIV positive
Prisoner, mentally incompetent, and/or alcohol or drug abuser






  Contacts and Locations


Choosing to participate in a study is an important personal decision. Talk with your doctor and family members or friends about deciding to join a study. 
To learn more about this study, you or your doctor may contact the study research staff using the Contacts provided below. 
For general information, see Learn About Clinical Studies.


    Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02513303


Contacts











Contact: Rakesh Raghubanshi
201-266-8310
rakesh@vasculartx.com



Contact: David Kornhauser, EdD
954-341-1440
david@vasculartx.com







Locations








United States, Alabama

Nephrology Consultants, LLC
Recruiting

Huntsville, Alabama, United States, 35805  
Contact: Rakesh Raghubanshi    201-266-8310    rakesh@vasculartx.com    
United States, Arizona

AKDHC Medical Research Service
Recruiting

Phoenix, Arizona, United States, 85012  
Contact: Rakesh Raghubanshi    201-266-8310    rakesh@vasculartx.com    
United States, California

San Diego Institute of Medical Research
Recruiting

Escondido, California, United States, 92025  
Contact: Rakesh Raghubanshi    201-266-8310    rakesh@vasculartx.com    
United States, Pennsylvania

Northeast Clinical Research Center
Recruiting

Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, United States, 18017  
Contact: Rakesh Raghubanshi    201-266-8310    rakesh@vasculartx.com    



Sponsors and Collaborators
Vascular Therapies, Inc.

Investigators











Study Director:
Sriram Iyer, MD
Vascular Therapies, Inc.









  More Information














Responsible Party:
Vascular Therapies, Inc.


ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier:

NCT02513303    
        History of Changes



Other Study ID Numbers:

                                    VT-304 



Study First Received:
July 29, 2015


Last Updated:
August 8, 2016





    Keywords provided by Vascular Therapies, Inc.:
    









                    Dialysis
                    End Stage Renal Disease
                    End Stage Kidney Disease
                    ESRD
                    Chronic Kidney Failure
                    Chronic Renal Failure
                    Chronic Kidney Disease
                    Hemodialysis


                    Vascular Access
                    Arteriovenous Fistula
                    AV Fistula
                    AVF
                    Nephrology
                    Vascular Surgery
                    Dialysis Access






  Additional relevant MeSH terms:
  









                    Kidney Diseases
                    Kidney Failure, Chronic
                    Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
                    Fistula
                    Renal Insufficiency
                    Arteriovenous Fistula
                    Urologic Diseases
                    Pathological Conditions, Anatomical
                    Arteriovenous Malformations
                    Vascular Malformations
                    Cardiovascular Abnormalities
                    Cardiovascular Diseases
                    Vascular Fistula


                    Vascular Diseases
                    Congenital Abnormalities
                    Sirolimus
                    Everolimus
                    Anti-Bacterial Agents
                    Anti-Infective Agents
                    Antibiotics, Antineoplastic
                    Antineoplastic Agents
                    Antifungal Agents
                    Immunosuppressive Agents
                    Immunologic Factors
                    Physiological Effects of Drugs





ClinicalTrials.gov processed this record on July 28, 2017



To Top




For Patients and Families
For Researchers
For Study Record Managers




Home
RSS Feeds
Site Map
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
Customer Support





Copyright
Privacy
Accessibility
Viewers and Players
Freedom of Information Act
USA.gov


U.S. National Library of Medicine
U.S. National Institutes of Health

            U.S. Department of Health and Human Services







Vascular Therapies Inc                                                                                                   - Jacksonville                                      , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Jacksonville



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Vascular Therapies Inc
                                    



 





















V 


Vascular Therapies Inc                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



13019 NANDINA LN JACKSONVILLE, FL 32246
Get Directions



(904) 374-1338
 





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $93,141.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Eric A Williams                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Vascular Therapies Inc                                                                                                   was founded in 2005. Vascular Therapies Inc                                                                                                   specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







V

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Vascular Therapies | Local Drug Delivery to Address Unmet Clinical Needs


















































































HomeCurrent FocusProgress to DateAbout UsAbout Vascular TherapiesManagement TeamSriram Iyer, MD, FACC, FSCAIRosanne TerracianoDavid Kornhauser, EdDRakesh RaghubanshiPaul Barkofsky, PhDMaureen HarrisonBoard of DirectorsRobert CroceMichael Bamberger, Esq.Gerald Dorros, M.D.Robert FlanaganSriram Iyer, MD, FACC, FSCAISomu SubramaniamKiyoshi TakesueAllan R. TesslerContact Us 








Vascular Therapies
(201) 266-8310
 info@vasculartx.com 











Loading...







Vascular Therapies 



Harnessing local drug delivery to address unmet clinical needs 


Watch video




















			Home		


glenn 


			2017-06-28T14:30:42+00:00		

The Kidney Patient’s Unmet Clinical Need
A Growing ProblemChronic Kidney Disease (CKD) is a serious and growing health problem, affecting 1 in 10 American adults. End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) is the final stage of CKD. A patient with ESRD has kidney failure and unless the lost kidney function is replaced, ESRD is fatal.Replacing Lost FunctionWorldwide, about 70% of patients with ESRD depend on hemodialysis to replace their lost kidney function, and patients generally undergo dialysis treatment three times a week.The Need for a Better SolutionTo prepare the patient for dialysis, a surgeon connects an artery and a vein in the forearm or upper arm. This connection is called a “vascular anastomosis.” This vascular access, a portal of entry into the vascular system, is intended to allow for the consistent, high flow of blood necessary for dialysis. Often, this approach fails putting the patient’s health — even life — in danger.How Vascular Therapies is Addressing the Need
Local Drug Delivery
Vascular Therapies’ approach is to deliver sirolimus (a drug) locally to the blood vessel at and around the anastomosis. It is doing so by implanting a collagen-based drug delivery system containing sirolimus at the time of the surgical procedure. Vascular Therapies’ goal: to prevent the veins from narrowing, keep the portal open and provide for consistent vascular access necessary for successful dialysis.
 Vascular Therapies’ Promising Clinical Trial Results
Vascular Therapies is currently conducting a Phase 3 randomized, multi-center study in the United States. It’s designed to test the efficacy and safety of the Sirolimus-Eluting Collagen Implant. Outcomes of the company’s Phase 2 clinical study supported safety, feasibility and provided a signal for efficacy.
Learn More ×We'd Love To Hear From You!



Fill out the form and our team will be in touch with you promptly. Thank you for your interest!
12345 North West Street
New York City, NY 555555
555.555.5555
info@yourdomain.com
www.yourdomain.com












Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 


CloseCaution: The Sirolimus-eluting Collagen Implant is an investigational product that is not available for sale in any country.
Read our Expanded Access Policy.



 
 

 
 
 












