
















Mortgage-Backed Security - MBS



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Trump Replaces Chief of Staff Priebus With Retired General Kelly




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Mortgage-Backed Security (MBS)









Share










































Loading the player...
















 

What is a 'Mortgage-Backed Security (MBS)'
A mortgage-backed security (MBS) is a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. This security must also be grouped in one of the top two ratings as determined by an accredited credit rating agency, and usually pays periodic payments that are similar to coupon payments. Furthermore, the mortgage must have originated from a regulated and authorized financial institution.
An MBS is also known as a "mortgage-related security" or a "mortgage pass through." An MBS can be bought and sold through a broker and the minimum investment varies between issuers. It is issued by either a federal government agency company, government-sponsored enterprise (GSE), or private financial company. 

BREAKING DOWN 'Mortgage-Backed Security (MBS)'

When an investor invests in a mortgage-backed security, he is essentially lending money to a home buyer or business. An MBS is a way for a smaller regional bank to lend mortgages to its customers without having to worry about whether the customers have the assets to cover the loan. Instead, the bank acts as a middleman between the home buyer and the investment market participants.
This type of security is also commonly used to redirect the interest and principal payments from the pool of mortgages to shareholders. These payments can be further broken down into different classes of securities, depending on the riskiness of different mortgages as they are classified under the MBS.
Types of Mortgage-Backed Securities
There are two common types of MBSs: pass-throughs and collateralized mortgage obligations, also known as CMOs. Pass-throughs are structured as a trust in which mortgage payments are collected and passed through to investors. Pass-throughs typically have stated maturities of five, 15, and 30 years. Adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM), fixed-rate mortgages and other types of loans are pooled to create pass-throughs. The average life of pass-throughs may be less than the stated maturity, depending on the principal payments of the pool of mortgages.
Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMO) consist of multiple pools of securities, which are known as slices, or tranches. The tranches are given credit ratings, and the rates that are returned to investors depend on the tranches. For example, pools of securities in the senior secured tranche typically have lower interest rates than those in the unsecured tranche, due to the low degree of risk assumed in the senior secured tranche.
The Role of Mortgage-Backed Securities in the Financial Crisis
Mortgage-backed securities played a central role in the financial crisis that began in 2007 and wiped out trillions of dollars, bringing down Lehman Brothers and roiling world financial markets. At the core, an MBS allows a bank to move a mortgage off its books by turning it into a security and selling it to investors. When a bank is able to move mortgages off the books, it frees up room for more lending capital. With investors encouraged by the traditional strength of the housing market and the ratings on MBS, there was steady demand for these repackaged mortgages.
In retrospect, it seems natural that the demand for MBS would encourage banks to reach further down in creditworthiness to supply more to eager investors. So the MBS market started seeing more subprime MBS. With Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae also aggressively supporting the mortgage market, the quality of all mortgage backed securities declined below their increasingly meaningless ratings. When subprime borrowers began to default, the housing market tightened and then began to collapse, hurting even conventional mortgage holders. More and more people walked from their mortgages and the primary assets underpinning the MBS market saw steep declines.
The avalanche of non-payments meant that many of the MBSs and collaterized debt obligations (CDO) based off of the pools of mortgages were vastly overvalued. The market for MBSs dried up and losses piled up as institutional investors and banks attempted to unload bad MBS investments. Credit also tightened, causing many banks and financial institutions to teeter on the brink of insolvency. The U.S. Treasury stepped in with the $700 billion bailout to mitigate the credit crunch, but it was the Federal Reserve that led the charge on creating a market for unloading the MBSs. The Fed bought $1.75 trillion in MBSs directly while the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) injected capital into banks. The financial crisis passed, but the total government commitment, implicit and explicit, was much larger than the $700 billion figure often reported.
Mortgage Backed Securities Today
MBSs are still bought and sold today. There will always be a market for them simply because people generally pay their mortgages if they can. The Fed is still holding that trillion plus chunk of the market for U.S. originated MBSs, but it has announced that it will start selling off its MBS holdings starting in 2017. Even CDOs have returned after falling out of favor for a few years post crisis. So two of the main culprits in the financial crisis are still in session, but the assumption is that Wall Street has learned its lesson and will question the value of MBSs frequently rather than just blindly buying them. Time will tell, however, and you know what they say about assumptions.
 







  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Guarantee Fees                                            




                                                    Mortgage Excess Servicing                                            




                                                    Weighted Average Coupon - WAC                                            




                                                    Single Monthly Mortality - SMM                                            




                                                    Primary Mortgage Market                                            




                                                    Pass-Through Rate                                            




                                                    Lehman Brothers Mortgage-Backed ...                                             




                                                    Credit Loss Ratio                                            




                                                    Gross Coupon                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version































 SECGems: VCC Mortgage Securities, LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 VCC Mortgage Securities, LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
10













	 
	
	 30699 RUSSELL RANCH ROAD
	 
	  SUITE 295
	
	   WESTLAKE VILLAGE, 
	   CA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   818-532-3700    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2012-02-14VCC Mortgage Securities, LLC








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001542220
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
451144335










All related persons/companies# Filings





 Velocity Commercial Capital Loan Trust 2015-1


1




 Velocity Commercial Capital Loan Trust 2016-1


1




 Velocity Commercial Capital Loan Trust 2016-2


1




 Velocity Commercial Capital Loan Trust 2017-1


1







 








db
 
 



























































SEC.gov | Mortgage-Backed Securities


















      Skip to main content
    









 Search SEC.gov     

Company Filings | More Search Options










U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission









Show — Main navigation
Hide — Main navigation


About


What We Do


Commissioners


Securities Laws


SEC Docket


Reports and Publications


Careers


Contact




Divisions


Corporation Finance


Enforcement


Investment Management


Economic and Risk Analysis


Trading and Markets


National Exam Program


All Divisions and Offices




Enforcement


Litigation Releases


Administrative Proceedings


Opinions and Adjudicatory Orders


Accounting and Auditing


Trading Suspensions


How Investigations Work


Administrative Law Judges




Regulation


Rulemaking Index


Proposed Rules


Final Rules


Interim Final Temporary Rules


Other Orders and Notices


Self-Regulatory Organizations


Staff Interpretations




Education


Investor.gov


Check Out a Broker or Adviser


Investor Alerts and Bulletins


Fast Answers


File a Tip or Complaint


Publications




Filings


EDGAR Search Tools


Company Filing Search


How to Search EDGAR


Requesting Public Documents


Forms List


Information for Filers


About EDGAR




News


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony


Spotlight Topics


What's New


Upcoming Events


Webcasts


SEC Videos


Media Gallery






















U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


Divisions


Enforcement


Regulation


Education


Filings


Newsroom




Newsroom


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speehes


Testimony




RSS Feeds


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony




Social Media


@SEC_News


SEC Channel


SEC Photostream









Search SEC.gov



 



Company Filings | More Search Options













                     
                Fast Answers
                                 
            









































Mortgage-Backed Securities

                            July 23, 2010
                       


Mortgage-backed securities (MBS) are debt obligations that represent claims to the cash flows from pools of mortgage loans, most commonly on residential property. Mortgage loans are purchased from banks, mortgage companies, and other originators and then assembled into pools by a governmental, quasi-governmental, or private entity. The entity then issues securities that represent claims on the principal and interest payments made by borrowers on the loans in the pool, a process known as securitization.
Most MBSs are issued by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), a U.S. government agency, or the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, guarantees that investors receive timely payments. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac also provide certain guarantees and, while not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, have special authority to borrow from the U.S. Treasury. Some private institutions, such as brokerage firms, banks, and homebuilders, also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.
Mortgage-backed securities exhibit a variety of structures. The most basic types are pass-through participation certificates, which entitle the holder to a pro-rata share of all principal and interest payments made on the pool of loan assets. More complicated MBSs, known as collaterized mortgage obligations or mortgage derivatives, may be designed to protect investors from or expose investors to various types of risk. An important risk with regard to residential mortgages involves prepayments, typically because homeowners refinance when interest rates fall. Absent protection, such prepayments would return principal to investors precisely when their options for reinvesting those funds may be relatively unattractive.
 
 











          Modified: July 23, 2010
      










STAY CONNECTED
1 Twitter 2 Facebook 3RSS 4YouTube
5 Flickr  6LinkedIn 7 Pinterest 8 Email Updates 







































































MphasiS buys US mortgage management firm for $175M – VCCircle































 

































vccircle sites								


VCCEdge
Events
Training
 




Log in 



 Edit Profile




My Subscriptions




Logout
























Home
Private Equity
Venture Capital
M&A
Markets
Industry

Finance
Consumer
Healthcare
Infrastructure
TMT
Manufacturing
Real Estate

VCC Startups
More

Vcctv


Upcoming Event



					News Corp VCCircle Mergers & Acquisitions Summit 2017, Four Seasons Hotel, Mumbai, 31st Jul, 2017					



					New Corp VCCircle FinServ Summit 2017, Taj Lands End, Mumbai, 17th Aug, 2017					









Home
Private Equity
Venture Capital
M&A
Markets
Industry

Finance
Consumer
Healthcare
Infrastructure
TMT
Manufacturing
Real Estate

VCC Startups
Vcctv
Login
About Us
Advertise with us
Careers
Contact Us
















Technology 


MphasiS buys US mortgage management firm for $175M

By TEAM VCC
 04 December, 2012




SHAREClick to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 





Hewlett-Packard controlled IT services firm MphasiS Ltd has struck a deal to buy US-based Digital Risk LLC for $175 million in an all-cash deal with an additional earn-out component. Florida-based Digital Risk provides risk, compliance and transaction management solutions for the mortgage industry.
Digital Risk is licensed to operate in 46 states in the US and is expected to register revenues of $127 million in CY2012. The company revenue has grown at a CAGR of 70 per cent in the last three years.
“We began our journey of transformation in 2010 focusing on the Financial Services Industry. This acquisition is central to our strategy of offering specialiSed services in chosen segments. Digital Risk offers highly specialised services in risk and compliance area, specific to mortgage industry. Their analytics platform combined with 1,500 mortgage specialists makes them unique and differentiated,” said Ganesh Ayyar, CEO, MphasiS.
“The need for risk management in the mortgage market is not only a US issue but also a global necessity. This acquisition provides the industry and clients a unique offering,” said Peter Kassabov, chairman and CEO, Digital Risk.
The transaction is currently expected to close by January 31, 2013, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Upon completion of the transaction, Digital Risk will operate as a standalone business unit retaining its brand identity.
Digital Risk’s founders will continue to lead the company with Peter Kassabov reporting to Ganesh Ayyar, CEO MphasiS. Digital Risk’s management team and employees will remain with the company.
This acquisition significantly enhances MphasiS’ onshore presence in the US. MphasiS has plans to expand its footprint in United States creating up to 500 new US jobs in the near future.
Avendus Capital acted as the exclusive financial advisor and Goodwin Procter LLP acted as legal advisor to MphasiS. Portico Capital Securities, LLC served as financial advisor to Digital Risk and Katz, Teller, Brant & Hild acted as legal advisor to Digital Risk.
(Edited by Prem Udayabhanu)


MphasiS 










>







			Leave Your Comment		











Technology 


				Hinduja Global to buy bulk of Mphasis India BPO business			



Manu P Toms 


				2 years ago			


			Hinduja Global Services (HGS), the business process outsourcing arm of Hinduja Group, has inked a deal to acquire a significant portion of HP-controlled IT services...		








Technology 


				Blackstone brings Nitin Rakesh as CEO of Mphasis			



Joseph Rai 


				6 months ago			


			Mphasis Ltd has appointed Nitin Rakesh as chief executive officer, in the IT services provider’s first major management restructuring after global private equity firm Blackstone...		








General 


				Mphasis Acquires US Firm Fortify Infrastructure Services			



TEAM VCC 


				7 years ago			


			Mphasis Limited, a Bangalore-based applications and business process outsourcing (BPO) company, is acquiring Fortify Infrastructure Services Inc, an offshore remote IT operations and management (ROM)...		






 







>








 
VCCStartups Stories 


TMT 
UIDAI files complaint against Ola-owned firm for Aadhaar data misuse

By Dearton Thomas Hector

									14 hours ago								  




TMT 
GE’s outgoing CEO Jeffrey Immelt in race for Uber’s top job

By Binu Paul

									16 hours ago								  




TMT 
Exclusive: Fitness aggregator Gympik raises money from existing investor

By Binu Paul

									17 hours ago								  




TMT 
Meet India’s busiest angel investors of the first half of 2017

By TEAM VCC

									17 hours ago								  




People 
Capillary hires former Dell exec Ganesh Lakshminarayanan as COO

By Vijayakumar Pitchiah

									20 hours ago								  








 
Upcoming Events 



 31
Jul



News Corp VCCircle Mergers & Acquisitions Summit 2017
Four Seasons Hotel, Mumbai





 17
Aug



New Corp VCCircle FinServ Summit 2017
Taj Lands End, Mumbai






Follow Us on TwitterMy Tweets















			No Comments		



Leave a Reply Cancel reply




























 



















MphasiS buys US mortgage management firm for $175M











	Powered by WordPress.com VIP 

























        VCC : Employer Identification Number Registry

































































Tweet



Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  V  VCC









                    VCC : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



474687271 - VCC CARES INCBusiness Address: 216 LOUISIANA ST, LITTLE ROCK, AR, 72201-2706Mailing Address: Not on file262180702 - VCCOOLBusiness Address: 1150 NORTH VENTURA AVE 101, VENTURA, CA, 93001-1524Mailing Address: Not on file262180702 - VccoolBusiness Address: , Ventura, CAMailing Address: Not on file474687271 - Vcc Cares Inc.Business Address: , Little Rock, ARMailing Address: Not on file263216681 - VCC LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: P.O. BOX 2558, LITTLE ROCK, AR, 710644259 - VCCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: 216 LOUISIANA, LITTLE ROCK, AR, 134151824 - VCC, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - VCCBusiness Address: 12 GILL STREET, WOBURN, MA, 01801Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - VCCBusiness Address: 12 GILL STREET, WOBURN, MA, 1801Mailing Address: Not on file262180702 - VCCOOLBusiness Address: 345 W CENTER ST, VENTURA, CA, 93001-1876Mailing Address: Not on file451144335 - VCC Mortgage Securities, LLCBusiness Address: 30699 RUSSELL RANCH ROAD, SUITE 295, WESTLAKE VILLAGE, CA, 91362Mailing Address: 30699 RUSSELL RANCH ROAD, SUITE 295, WESTLAKE VILLAGE, CA






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






































 Vanguard - Product overview - Mortgage-Backed Sec ETF













































































Your input was invalid

























Fact sheet (06/30/2017)A brief product description that includes information on performance, cost, industry weightings, top holdings, investment approach, and portfolio attributes. Updated quarterly.



  Download


























Summary prospectusA simplified, standardized version of a statutory prospectus. Includes discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance intended to make it easier to compare all mutual funds regardless of provider. Updated annually.



  Download


























Statutory prospectusIncludes detailed discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance. By law, a prospectus must be provided to a potential investor before he or she can invest. Updated annually.



  Download


























Statement of additional informationA document provided as a supplement to a mutual fund prospectus. It contains more detailed information about fund policies, operations, and risks. Updated annually.



  Download



















Investment profile (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, quarterly commentary on investment performance, and detailed discussion on the management team and investment process. Updated quarterly.



  Download



















Semiannual report (02/28/2017)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated semiannually.



  Download



















Annual report (08/31/2016)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated annually.



  Download














VANGUARD PRODUCTS




















 ETFs 
 Mutual Funds 
 All 




{{assetClass.name}} 









{{subAssetClass}}





Data is temporarily unavailable. For assistance, please call 800-997-2798 Monday throughy Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., Eastern time. 


{{fund.profile.longNm | trimFundName}}  {{fund.profile.ticker}}








Vanguard portfolio holdings disclaimerPortfolio holdings information:Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the percentage of the fund's total assets that each of these holdings represents as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 15 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month).Vanguard may also publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the aggregate percentage that these holdings represent of the fund's total net assets and equities, as of the most recent month-end, ten business days after the end of the month.Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, a detailed list of the securities (aggregated by issuer for money market funds) held in a Vanguard fund (portfolio holdings) as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard Market Neutral Fund (60 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter), Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month), and Vanguard Money Market Funds (within five [5] business days after the last business day of the preceding month). Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, Vanguard may exclude any portion of these portfolio holdings from publication on this Site when deemed in the best interest of the fund.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on a delayed basis and will not necessarily represent all of the actual investments held by the relevant Vanguard fund.Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.The following additional terms and conditions apply to the publication on this Site of any Vanguard fund's portfolio holdings as described above:By accessing the portfolio holdings, you agree not to reproduce, distribute, or disseminate the portfolio holdings, in whole or in part, in any form without prior written permission of Vanguard.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on an "as is" basis, and Vanguard makes no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or fitness of the portfolio holdings or any financial results you may achieve from their use.In no event shall Vanguard or its affiliates have any liability relating to the use of the portfolio holdings.






Vanguard share class options






StyleboxThe stylebox gives information about a fund’s investment style in visual form.For equity funds, a stylebox’s rows and columns indicate market capitalization (small, mid, large) and investment style (value, blend, growth); for fixed income funds, its rows and columns indicate credit quality and/or duration (short, medium, long).Two important things about a fund are shown in its stylebox:Central tendency. The fund’s central tendency reflects the aggregate characteristics resulting from the fund’s approach to security selection. Because it is based on an analysis of the performance characteristics of the fund’s potential holdings over long periods, the central tendency is expected to be relatively stable. In the stylebox, it is shown as a dot within the shaded oval.Expected range. Within the fund’s universe of potential holdings, and depending on the fund’s investment approach, some categories of investments will be owned more frequently; together, they are known as the expected range. In the stylebox, the expected range of frequently owned categories is represented by a shaded oval.Note: Styleboxes for  fixed income funds uses duration rather than average weighted maturity. Duration is a more accurate measure of interest rate sensitivity because it takes into consideration all mortgage prepayments, puts, and adjustable coupons.






 









Log on 

You're attempting to access a secure area. Please log on below.


You're attempting to access a secure area.Please log on below.



















Remember me





Need logon help?




Register for access



Need logon help?



Not registered?

Get more with full site accessAdditional tools from VanguardAdvisor-only materialsResources for your practiceFund commentary/analysis


Register for access



Not registered?

Register today for access to additional tools from Vanguard and Morningstar, resources for your practice, advisor-only materials, fund commentary/analysis, and more.

Register for access


















Mortgage-Backed Securities ETF (VMBS)




Also available as a mutual fund.



Indexed to BloomBarc US MBS Float Adj Index  Fact sheet (06/30/2017)








Overview  

 Overview 
 Performance 
 Portfolio 
 Price & Distributions











Summary of this fundVanguard Mortgage-Backed Securities ETF seeks to track the performance of a market-weighted U.S mortgage-backed securities index with an intermediate-term dollar-weighted average maturity.




Investment approachSeeks to track the performance of the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Mortgage Backed Securities Float Adjusted Index.Diversified exposure to the intermediate-term U.S. mortgage-backed bond market.Follows a passively managed, index-sampling approach.Provides current income with high credit quality.



About the benchmark
The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Mortgage Backed Securities Float Adjusted Index measures the investment return of U.S. agency mortgage-backed pass through securities issued by Ginnie Mae (GNMA), Fannie Mae (FNMA), and Freddie Mac (FHLMC). To be included in the index, pool aggregates must have at least $250 million currently outstanding and a weighted average maturity of at least 1 year.
View more details



PRICE AND DISTRIBUTIONS
Price and distributions
as of 07/28/2017





Market priceThe price at which a security trades in the secondary market. The market price is determined by the midpoint between the bid and asked prices as of the closing time of the New York Stock Exchange (typically 4 p.m., Eastern time) on business days.
Change $/%



$52.78







$0.03
					
  
					0.05%





NAVFor funds with a fluctuating price per share, the net asset value (NAV) is the market value of a mutual fund's total assets, minus liabilities, divided by the number of shares outstanding. The value of a single share is called its share value or share price.For money market funds that seek to maintain a stable price per share, the NAV is calculated by valuing securities at amortized cost, which approximates market value.
Change $/%



$52.75







$0.04
					
  
					0.08%





SEC yield
A non-money market fund's SEC yield is based on a formula mandated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that calculates a fund's hypothetical annualized income, as a percentage of its assets. A security's income, for the purposes of this calculation, is based on the current market yield to maturity (in the case of bonds) or projected dividend yield (for stocks) of the fund's holdings over a trailing 30 day period. This hypothetical income will differ (at times, significantly) from the fund's actual experience; as a result, income distributions from the fund may be higher or lower than implied by the SEC yield.The SEC yield for a money market fund is calculated by annualizing its daily income distributions for the previous seven days.


2.20%
J
BASED ON HOLDINGS' ACTUAL INCOME FOR THE PRIOR 30 DAYS;DISTRIBUTION MAY DIFFER





KEY FUND FACTS
Key fund facts




Expense ratio


0.07% as of 12/22/2016




Lipper peer average
expense ratio


0.856% as of 12/31/2016



Designation


Intermediate Government




Inception on


11/19/2009





Total net assets
This represents the total net assets for all share classes of Vanguard's U.S. funds that share the same investment strategy, management and holdings, but does not include any collective trusts sharing the same investment mandate.


$4.7 billion as of 06/30/2017



Net assets for
						VMBS 


$4.1 billion as of 06/30/2017



Holdings 


563 as of 06/30/2017



Management style


Index


Benchmark


BloomBarc US MBS Float Adj Index (LMBGTRUU)



Turnover rate 


 380.40%(Fiscal year-end  08/31/2016)


CUSIP


92206C771





TRADING
Trading




IOV:

Intraday Optimized Value TickerIntraday Optimized Value (IOV), also known as the Intraday Indicative Value (IIV), is the calculated per share price of the ETF which is published every 15 seconds based on the last sale price of each of the underlying securities in the portfolio basket, plus any estimated cash amounts associated with the creation unit.



VMBS.IV


Outstanding shares:


78,151,190 as of 06/30/2017



ETF exchange:


NASDAQ Stock Exchange


STYLEBOX
Stylebox
Fixed incomePortfolio of mortgage-backed securities.



Central tendency

Expected range


How to read our stylebox  







ObjectiveVanguard Mortgage-Backed Securities ETF seeks to track the performance of a market-weighted U.S mortgage-backed securities index with an intermediate-term dollar-weighted average maturity.



Investment approachSeeks to track the performance of the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Mortgage Backed Securities Float Adjusted Index.Diversified exposure to the intermediate-term U.S. mortgage-backed bond market.Follows a passively managed, index-sampling approach.Provides current income with high credit quality.



About the benchmark
The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Mortgage Backed Securities Float Adjusted Index measures the investment return of U.S. agency mortgage-backed pass through securities issued by Ginnie Mae (GNMA), Fannie Mae (FNMA), and Freddie Mac (FHLMC). To be included in the index, pool aggregates must have at least $250 million currently outstanding and a weighted average maturity of at least 1 year.



Total returns

as of 06/30/2017






View as:








Quarter‑end

Month‑end





as of 06/30/2017








View as:Quarter‑end Quarter‑endMonth‑end













3%210-1%    



 
YTD
1 year
5 year
10 year
Since
inception
11/19/2009



Market price 
						
1.51%
– 0.10%
1.86%
—
2.84%





NAV 
						

1.35%
– 0.10%
1.89%
—
2.83%






Benchmark
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. MBS Float Adjusted Index*
						

1.28%
– 0.01%
1.96%
—
—


* Includes U.S. agency mortgage-backed pass-through securities.
The performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so investors' shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data cited.

Quarterly commentary  



Total returns details  






Distribution by credit quality* (% of fund) as of 06/30/2017

(% of fund) as of 06/30/2017




 
Credit rating

 VMBS


U.S. Government
99.9%

Aaa
0.1%

Aa
0.0%

A
0.0%

Baa
0.0%

< Baa
0.0%

0%100%
 Total
 100.0%

* Credit-quality ratings are measured on a scale that generally ranges from AAA (highest) to D (lowest). ”NR” is used to classify securities for which a rating is not available. NR securities may include a fund’s investment in Vanguard Market Liquidity Fund or Vanguard Municipal Cash Management Fund, each of which invests in high-quality money market instruments and may serve as a cash management vehicle for the Vanguard funds, trusts, and accounts. U.S. Treasury, U.S. Agency, and U.S. Agency mortgage-backed securities appear under ”U.S. Government.” Credit-quality ratings for each issue are obtained from Barclays using ratings derived from Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s), Fitch Ratings (Fitch), and Standard & Poor’s (S&P). When ratings from all three agencies are available, the median rating is used. When ratings are available from two of the agencies, the lower rating is used. When one rating is available, that rating is used.
		



Fundamentals




Fixed income –
						as of 06/30/2017

VMBS

Benchmark
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. MBS Float Adjusted Index


Number of bonds
563
318


Yield to maturity
2.85%
2.86%


Short-term reserves
0.00%
N/A


Average duration
4.6 (years)
4.6 (years)



Average effective maturity
Average effective maturity (taxable bond funds and balanced funds except Tax-Managed Balanced)Average Effective Maturity is defined as the average length of time until fixed income securities held by a fund reach maturity and are repaid, taking into consideration that an action such as a call or refunding may cause some bonds to be repaid before they mature.Average stated maturity (municipal bond funds and Tax-Managed Balanced)Average stated maturity represents the average of the stated maturity dates for all fixed income securities held by the fund.Average maturity (money market funds only)Average maturity represents the weighted average maturity of the fund's holdings using the date of the next interest rate adjustment for certain adjustable-rate securities held by the fund.
6.9 (years)
6.9 (years)


Average coupon
3.60%
3.60%






Fundamentals details  







Risk and volatility
as of 06/30/2017
				

as of 06/30/2017
			




 
VMBS

Benchmark
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. MBS Float Adjusted Index


R-squared
N/A
0.99


Beta
N/A
1.06


Alpha
– 0.01
N/A


Standard deviation
1.87%
1.75%


Sharpe ratio
0.98
1.06

Risk and volatility are based on the share class with the earliest inception date.
Risk measures are calculated from trailing 36-month fund returns relative to the associated benchmarks.
An investment in the fund could lose money over short or even long periods. You should expect the fund’s share price and total return to fluctuate within a wide range, like the fluctuations of the overall bond market. Although Mortgage-Backed Securities ETF is listed for trading on the Nasdaq, it is possible that an active trading market may not be maintained. Trading of Mortgage-Backed Securities ETF on the Nasdaq may be halted if Nasdaq officials deem such action appropriate, if Mortgage-Backed Securities ETF is delisted from the Nasdaq, or if the activation of marketwide “circuit breakers” halts stock trading generally. The fund’s performance could be hurt by:Interest rate risk: The chance that bond prices will decline because of rising interest rates.Income risk: The chance that the fund’s income will decline because of falling interest rates.Extension risk: The chance that during periods of rising interest rates, homeowners will prepay their mortgages at slower rates. This will lengthen the duration or average life of mortgage-backed securities held by the fund and delay the fund’s ability to reinvest proceeds at higher interest rates. Extension risk is high for the fund.Prepayment risk: The chance that during periods of falling interest rates, homeowners will refinance their mortgages before their maturity dates, resulting in prepayment of mortgage-backed securities held by the fund. The fund would then lose any price appreciation above the mortgage’s principal and would be forced to reinvest the unanticipated proceeds at lower interest rates, resulting in a decline in the fund’s income. Prepayment risk is high for the fund.Index sampling risk: The chance that the securities selected for the fund, in the aggregate, will not provide investment performance matching that of the index. Index sampling risk for the fund should be low.



Risk and volatility details  



Vanguard ETF Shares can be bought and sold only through a broker (who may charge a commission) and cannot be redeemed with the issuing fund. The market price of Vanguard ETF Shares may be more or less than net asset value. Investments are subject to market risk. Go to the performance page to read more about risk and volatility.












LITERATURE


Fact sheet (06/30/2017)



Fact sheet (06/30/2017)




Summary prospectus



Summary prospectus





Statutory prospectus



Statutory prospectus




Statement of additional information



Statement of additional information




Investment profile (06/30/2017)  



Investment profile (06/30/2017)  




Semiannual report (02/28/2017)



Semiannual report (02/28/2017)




Annual report (08/31/2016)



Annual report (08/31/2016)

More





TOOLS
Compare products


My product list  


View all tools  





RESEARCH

07/28/2017 | ArticleRisk speedometer: An acceleration abroad


07/25/2017 | ArticleSettlement cycle shortened, will reduce risk to investors


06/22/2017 | ArticleRisk speedometer: Pumping the brakes


05/24/2017 | ArticleRisk speedometer: Rising steadily


04/24/2017 | ArticleRisk speedometer: Seasonally elevated




























NYLife Products



































Contact Us
 My Financial Professional










search










NYLIFE Securities LLC





Print







Products
We offer a variety of products and services to help you meet your financial needs.

Choose a product to learn more


Mutual Funds
NYLIFE Securities has prepared this attachment to provide clients with an overview of mutual fund share classes. The brochure also discusses how NYLIFE Securities and our Financial Services Professionals are compensated.
Click here to view the Mutual Fund Investing Brochure.


Variable Products
This brochure discusses how NYLIFE Securities and our Financial Services Professionals are compensated for variable product sales.
Click here to view the Variable Product Sales Brochure.


Stocks and Fixed Income Securities
All publicly traded companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ, and American Stock Exchange are available for trading as well as Brokerage CDs, U.S. government securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds, unit investment trusts (UITs), and mortgage-backed securities.



AdviserOne Accounts
The AdviserOne Retail Account is an "all–in–one" account designed for investors seeking a wide selection of investment products. The AdviserOne Account is designed to help your clients achieve their non–retirement goals and objectives. There is no minimum account balance required to open an account.
AdviserOne Premiere Select® Retirement Accounts
The AdviserOne Premiere Select® Retirement Account is designed to help your clients achieve their retirement goals and objectives.























Products - Parkside Lending LLC





















































Skip to content









 Client Login
Contact Us
 

























Products


 
 














 
 
 




We offer a wide range of innovative products so that you can match each borrower with the perfect loan. To ensure that we are always offering the best available loan programs, we regularly review and expand our product mix. Look to us for:

Conventional Loans
First-Time Homebuyer Programs
Adjustable Rate Loans
VA Loans
FHA Loans
Jumbo Loans
Issuer of Mortgage-Backed Securities

Condo Concierge™
is your personal assistant
Let us take care of the details for you. Our experienced staff will obtain homeowners association (HOA) certifications, master insurance policies, budgets, and other legal documents so you can spend less time on administration and more building your business.
 
 
 


 








 














