
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


﻿

























Venturi Wealth Management LLC Increases Stake in MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for MetLife Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor MetLife Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Patton Albertson Miller Group LLC Reduces Position in Deere & Company (NYSE:DE)
Holland Capital Management LLC Has $93.40 Million Stake in Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE)
MAI Capital Management Sells 664 Shares of Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX)
Axa Sells 134,788 Shares of The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV)
Analyst IMS Investment Management Services Ltd. Continues to Hold Position in Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW)
Exponent (EXPO) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Shows
Puma Biotechnology Inc (NYSE:PBYI) Position Raised by American International Group Inc.
Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $3.27 Million Position in Copa Holdings, S.A. (NYSE:CPA)
BlackRock Floating Rate Income Strat. Fn (FRA) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Ryder System, Inc. (R)
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $9.46 Million Position in Terreno Realty Corporation (TRNO)
American International Group Inc. Has $611,000 Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN)
American International Group Inc. Sells 4,920 Shares of SPX Corp (SPXC)
Venturi Wealth Management LLC Increases Stake in MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET)
Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $3.23 Million Position in Unifirst Corporation (NYSE:UNF)
Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Affect Employers Holdings (EIG) Share Price
American International Group Inc. Sells 7,027 Shares of Provident Financial Services, Inc (NYSE:PFS)
Argent Capital Management LLC Has $18.14 Million Stake in Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY)
Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 730 Shares of Post Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:POST)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Increases Position in Frank’s International N.V. (FI)


 


Venturi Wealth Management LLC Increases Stake in MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 

Venturi Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) by 0.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 18,500 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. Venturi Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in MetLife were worth $947,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MET. Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of MetLife by 3.5% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 112,323 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,053,000 after buying an additional 3,816 shares during the last quarter. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. bought a new stake in MetLife during the fourth quarter worth $3,959,000. GLG LLC increased its position in shares of MetLife by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. GLG LLC now owns 53,483 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,882,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the last quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new position in shares of MetLife during the fourth quarter worth approximately $592,000. Finally, Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. increased its position in shares of MetLife by 8.4% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 528,075 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $28,743,000 after buying an additional 41,000 shares during the last quarter. 74.60% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) traded up 1.85% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $55.70. 5,304,612 shares of the stock were exchanged. MetLife, Inc. has a one year low of $38.87 and a one year high of $58.09. The firm’s market capitalization is $59.93 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $53.97 and a 200 day moving average price of $53.02. 


 Get MetLife Inc. alerts:



MetLife (NYSE:MET) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The financial services provider reported $1.46 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.27 by $0.19. The company had revenue of $16.27 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $17.02 billion. MetLife had a positive return on equity of 7.57% and a negative net margin of 0.95%. The company’s revenue was down 11.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.20 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that MetLife, Inc. will post $5.38 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, September 13th. Shareholders of record on Monday, August 7th will be paid a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.87%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, August 3rd. MetLife’s payout ratio is -258.06%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/26/venturi-wealth-management-llc-has-947000-position-in-metlife-inc-nysemet-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts have issued reports on the stock. J P Morgan Chase & Co initiated coverage on shares of MetLife in a research note on Monday. They issued a “hold” rating and a $78.00 price objective for the company. BidaskClub cut shares of MetLife from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Monday. Wells Fargo & Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of MetLife in a report on Saturday, July 1st. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $62.00 target price on shares of MetLife in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. set a $51.00 target price on shares of MetLife and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, July 7th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $59.03.
MetLife Company Profile
MetLife, Inc is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for MetLife Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MetLife Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 











































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.








Venturi Wealth Management, LLC. Reviews (0 Reviews) - Venturi Wealth Management, LLC. Community Feedback Score: 0.00 - Jul 2017








































Register Your Business
Sign In







What We Rank 


Services

Web Design

Web Design
3D Illustration and Anim..
3D Web Design 
Infographic Design
Logo Design
Responsive Web Design
UI Design
Web Design



Web Development

Web Development
Android App Development
ASP.Net Development
CakePHP Development
Django Development
Drupal Development
E-Commerce Development
Game Development
iPhone App Development
Joomla Development
Magento Solutions
Mobile App Development
Mobile Website Developme..
osCommerce Development
PHP Development
Ruby on Rails Developmen..
Site Audit
Symfony Development
Web Development
Web Strategy
WordPress Development



Web Hosting

Web Hosting
ASP.NET Hosting
CDN Networks
Cloud Storage
Cloud VPS
Colocation Services
CPanel Hosting
Dedicated Hosting
Drupal Hosting
eCommerce Hosting
Email Hosting
Green Web Hosting
International Hosting
Joomla Hosting
Linux Dedicated Server
Linux Hosting
Linux VPS
Managed Dedicated Hostin..
PCI Compliant Hosting
PHP Hosting
Plesk Hosting Companies
Reseller Hosting
VPS Hosting
Web Hosting
Windows Dedicated Server
Windows Hosting Companie..
Windows VPS
WordPress Hosting



Digital Marketing

Digital Marketing
Affiliate Marketing
Content Marketing
Contextual Advertising
Conversion Optimization
Digital Marketing
Landing Page Optimizatio..
Link Building
Link Removal
Local SEO
Mobile App Marketing
Mobile Marketing
Mobile SEO
Multilingual SEO
PPC
Reputation Management
SEO
SEO Training
Social Media Marketing
Video SEO



Public Relations

Public Relations
Celebrity PR
CEO / Executive Position..
Crisis Communications
CSR / Corporate Conscien..
Investor Relations
Litigation Communication..
Media Training
Multi-Cultural Engagemen..
Public Relations



Merchant Services

Merchant Services
ACH Processing Companies
Equipment Leasing Compan..
Gift & Loyalty Card Prog..
Merchant Cash Advance Co..
Payment Gateway Provider..
POS Systems
Small Business Loans




Software

Business Software

Business Software
Citation Management Soft..
Competitive Intelligence..
Donation Management Soft..
Dry Cleaning Software
EDI Software
EHS Management Software
Electronic Discovery Sof..
Enterprise Asset Managem..
Expense Report Software
Food Delivery Software
Franchise Management Sof..
Fundraising Software
Funeral Home Software
Gamification Software
Horse Software
Inspection Software
Kennel Management Softwa..
Library Automation Softw..
Maid Service Software
Martial Arts Software
Membership Management So..
Museum Software
Order Entry Software
Order Management Softwar..
Pest Control Software
Pet Grooming Software
Pet Sitting Software
Photography Studio Softw..



Government Software

Government Software
Government Software
Investigation Management..
Jail Management Software
Parking Management Softw..
Parks and Recreation Sof..
Political Campaign Manag..
Public Transportation So..
Public Works Software



Human Resource Software

Human Resource Software
Applicant Tracking Softw..
Benefits Administration ..
Compensation Management ..
Employee Engagement Soft..
Employee Evaluation Soft..
Employee Recognition Sof..
Employee Scheduling Soft..
Employee Training Softwa..
HRMS Software
Human Resource Software
Job Board Software
Learning Management Soft..
Online HR Software
Payroll Software
Recruiting Software
Talent Management Softwa..
Time Tracking Software
Video Interviewing Softw..
Workforce Management Sof..



Medical Software

Medical Software
Assisted Living Software
Clinical Trial Managemen..
Dental Practice Manageme..
EMS Software
Home Care Software
Home Healthcare Software
Long-Term Care Software



Real Estate Software

Real Estate Software
Architecture Software
Building Maintenance Sof..
Community Management Sof..
Consignment Software
Garden Center Software
HOA Software
HVAC Management Software
Lease Management Softwar..
Real Estate Agency Softw..
Real Estate CRM Software
Real Estate Property Man..
Rental Software
Vacation Rental Software



Manufacturing Software

Manufacturing Software
CPQ Software
Discrete Manufacturing S..
Engineer-to-Order Manufa..
Inventory Management Sof..
Manufacturing Execution ..
MRP Software
Process Manufacturing So..
Product Lifecycle Manage..
Production Planning Soft..
Quality Management Softw..
Recycling Software
Small Business Manufactu..
SPC Software
Wireframe Software




 
How Do We Rank




 




 
Argentina 

 
Australia 

 
Bangladesh 

 
Belarus 

 
Belgium 

 
Brazil 

 
Bulgaria 

 
Canada 

 
China 

 
Costa Rica 

 
Egypt 

 
France 

 
Germany 

 
Hong Kong 

 
India 

 
Indonesia 

 
Ireland 

 
Israel 

 
Italy 

 
Japan 

 
Kenya 

 
Malaysia 

 
Mexico 

 
Netherlands 

 
New Zealand 

 
Pakistan 

 
Philippines 

 
Poland 

 
Qatar 

 
Romania 

 
Russia 

 
Saudi Arabia 

 
Singapore 

 
South Africa 

 
Spain 

 
Sri Lanka 

 
Sweden 

 
Switzerland 

 
Thailand 

 
Turkey 

 
UAE 

 
Ukraine 

 
United Kingdom 

 
United States 

















 



Search for a Category or Company



 

Best

companies
in

 







 









 









 



Venturi Wealth Management, LLC.


COMMUNITY FEEDBACK SCORE
 0.00
0 Reviews







Request A Quote 


Contact Vendor









Home
Reviews on Venturi Wealth Management, LLC.
 





 
Venturi Wealth Management, LLC. 
Request A Quote 
Contact Vendor



COMMUNITY FEEDBACK SCORE  
0.00
0 Reviews








RANKINGS & RATINGS
RANK



ABOUT VENTURI WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC. 
Venturi Wealth Management, LLC. Representatives: We attract thousands of visitors to our website daily. Our visitors would benefit substantially from an accurate description of Venturi Wealth Management, LLC.. To learn more about us and manage and complete your brand description, please click here.



Work forVenturi Wealth Management, LLC.? Claim Profile 

Invite your clients to leave reviews Claim Now 
 



Reviews 

Pricing 

Competitors & Ratings 

Faqs 

Company Info 






Most helpful positive review
There are no positive reviews on Venturi Wealth Management, LLC.




Most helpful critical review
There are no negative reviews on Venturi Wealth Management, LLC..






REVIEWS 0

POSITIVE 0%
0 Reviews


NEGATIVE 0%
0 Reviews


NEUTRAL 0%
0 Reviews





WRITE YOUR REVIEW 

RECORD YOUR REVIEW 









×

 






×

 






×

 







Have a comment, question, or want to share something with us? 


Feedback or Questions? 






×

Submit Feedback to CrowdReviews.com






Name:



 

Email Address:



 
 



Subject:



 
 



Comments:



 
 






 

 








Report a Concern 






×

Report a Concern to CrowdReviews.com






Name:



 

Email Address:



 
 



Subject:



 
 



Reports:



 
 






 

 








Support Helpdesk800-256-5813 


Priority Business Support
priority@crowdreviews.com












About

About CrowdReviews
Newsroom
Partners
Conferences & Events
Scholarship Program
Investor Relations
Contact Us



FAQs

How Do We Rank
Who Do We Rank
Why Do We Rank
How Do We Make Money
How We Are Transparent
Algorithm Updates



Resources

Register Your Business
Claim Your Profile
Submit A Review
Download Badge
Directory
Our Blog
Advertise



Coverage Areas

Services for BusinessesServices for ConsumersSoftware 





STAY IN TOUCH

    
Subscribe to our newsletter.














©2017 CROWDREVIEWS.COM, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 



PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE 







×

Claim a Profile on CrowdReviews.com
ENHANCE YOUR PROFILE
Claim and update your profile to ensure potential customers get the best impression on what you have to offer.



Search For a Company







 Searching for more matching results...









×

Leave A Review on CrowdReviews.com
YOUR REVIEWS MATTER
CrowdReviews.com relies on user reviews and ratings in order to help buyers find the best products and services for them. We take reviews that are attached to a LinkedIn account much more seriously and consider them as legitimate user reviews.



Search For a Company







 Searching for more matching results...









×



Sign In CrowdReviews.com
MANAGE YOUR BUSINESS PROFILE
To manage your company profile on CrowdReviews.com, please enter your login credentials below.



 











By signing in, you agree to CrowdReviews Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Forgot Password? 

SIGN IN 
 


 



 

RESET PASSWORD 

Remember your password? Login here.











×





REGISTER
Sign up your business.


Reviews are a big part in the buyer decision making process. Get signed up within minutes.

Get more customers
Get ranked on an even playing field
Get leads. Pick up new clients.
Get recognized for excellence.






 
 
 





Company Name:



 

Company Website:



 

Email Address:



 

Phone Number:



 

Contact Person:



 

Register As:

Service
Software

 




 

 











×

 






×

 






×

 






×

 







×



CONFIRM YOUR IDENTITY
CrowdReviews.com relies on user reviews and ratings in order to help buyers find the best products and services for them. We take reviews that are attached to a LinkedIn account much more seriously and consider them as legitimate user reviews.


Confirm identity with LinkedIn


OR


If you wish to remain anonymous, click here. 




























Venturi Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Imperva Inc (IMPV) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance					

Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Medley Capital Corporation (MCC) Will Announce Earnings of $0.17 Per Share					

Cameco Corporation (NYSE:CCJ) Announces  Earnings Results					

Chevron Co. (CVX) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS					

Crescent Point Energy Corporation (NYSE:CPG) Announces  Earnings Results					

Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB) Given a GBX 2,550 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts					

Trifast plc’s (LON:TRI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt					

Tate & Lyle PLC’s (TATE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital					

Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) Given a €185.00 Price Target at S&P Global					

Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) Given a €17.20 Price Target at UBS AG					

Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) Given a €14.50 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts					

Osram Licht AG (FRA:OSR) Given a €76.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts					

Spherix (NASDAQ:SPEX) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows					

InfoSonics Corp (IFON) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.14					

Marston's PLC (LON:MARS) Receives “Underweight” Rating from Barclays PLC					

Greencore Group plc (GNC) Earns “Buy” Rating from Peel Hunt					

Brooks Macdonald Group plc (LON:BRK) Downgraded to “Hold” at Shore Capital					

Ladbrokes Coral Group PLC’s (LCL) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital					

Primary Health Properties PLC (PHP) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital					

Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s (LON:LLOY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital					





 





						Venturi Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)					

						 July 7th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Venturi Wealth Management LLC raised its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 15.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 78,977 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 10,348 shares during the period. Venturi Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $2,209,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Sowell Financial Services LLC acquired a new stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter valued at $402,000.  Putnam Investments LLC increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 13.9% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 598,151 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $16,174,000 after buying an additional 73,045 shares during the period.  Archford Capital Strategies LLC increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 78.7% in the fourth quarter. Archford Capital Strategies LLC now owns 4,888 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 2,153 shares during the period.  Independent Advisor Alliance acquired a new stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter valued at $479,000.  Finally, Lebenthal Asset Management LLC increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 7.9% in the fourth quarter. Lebenthal Asset Management LLC now owns 54,868 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $1,483,000 after buying an additional 4,007 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  38.57% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) opened at 26.90 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $57.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.78 and a beta of 0.89. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $26.79 and its 200-day moving average price is $27.40. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a 52 week low of $24.01 and a 52 week high of $30.25. 




Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a return on equity of 11.73% and a net margin of 10.31%. The business had revenue of $7.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.05 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.33 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 46.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.42 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 7th. Stockholders of record on Monday, July 31st will be given a dividend of $0.42 per share. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 6.25%. This is a positive change from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 133.87%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Venturi Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)” was originally  reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/07/venturi-wealth-management-llc-boosts-stake-in-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-epd.html. 
Several analysts recently weighed in on EPD shares. Guggenheim started coverage on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Monday, April 17th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $32.00 price objective for the company. Vetr upgraded Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $31.42 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, April 24th. Macquarie  restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $32.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Friday, April 21st. Scotiabank  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Sunday, March 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.00.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Company Profile
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD).






Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Venturi Wealth Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























venturi wealth management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Venturi Wealth Management, LLC operates as an investment management company. The Company offers wealth management, consulting, investment advisory, and financial planning services. Venturi Wealth Management serves customers in the State of Texas.




Corporate Information
Address:

3600 North Capital of Texas
Highway, Building B, Suite 190
Austin, TX 78746
United States


Phone:
1-512-220-2035


Fax:
1-512-220-2045


Web url:
www.venturiwealthmanagement.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Russell W Norwood


Founding Partner/Mng Dir




Robert Rinner


Senior VP:Portfolio Strategy







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Venturi Wealth Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Venturi Wealth Management, LLC


Venturi Wealth Management, LLC
(CRD# 169576) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Austin, TX.
They
manage $421,200,003 in 325 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Venturi Wealth Management, LLC




3600 N. Capital Of Texas Hwy., Building B, Suite 190,
Austin,
TX
78746
(512) 220-2035
http://www.venturiwealthmanagement.com




http://www.venturiwealthmanagement.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

421
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

325
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,296,000







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




NE, TX






Financial Advisors at Venturi Wealth Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 4 of 4 top financial advisors.





1















Russell W. Norwood



CRD#:
1552738



3600 N. Capital Of Texas Hwy., Building B, Suite 190,
Austin,
TX
78746




96

Wealthminder
score








Russell Norwood (CRD# 1552738) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Venturi Wealth Management, LLC in Austin, TX and has 
over 25 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Russell Norwood has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






2















George L. Clark



CRD#:
1012473



3600 N. Capital Of Texas Hwy., Building B, Suite 190,
Austin,
TX
78746




93

Wealthminder
score








George Clark (CRD# 1012473) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Venturi Wealth Management, LLC in Austin, TX and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Alexander S. Clendennen



CRD#:
5906957



3600 N. Capital Of Texas Hwy., Building B, Suite 190,
Austin,
TX
78746




93

Wealthminder
score








Alexander Clendennen (CRD# 5906957) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Venturi Wealth Management, LLC in Austin, TX and has 
over 6 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Alexander Clendennen has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Robert A. Rinner



CRD#:
1635888



3600 N. Capital Of Texas Hwy., Building B, Suite 190,
Austin,
TX
78746




93

Wealthminder
score








Robert Rinner (CRD# 1635888) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Venturi Wealth Management, LLC in Austin, TX and has 
over 30 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Financial Advisors Austin TX | Venturi Wealth Management        X     Contact Venturi  We Believe InGuiding Your Present Contact Venturi    Contact Venturi  We Believe InSecuring Your Future Contact Venturi    Contact Venturi  We Believe InSimplifying Complexities Contact Venturi   Who We AreWe are an independent private wealth management firm and multi family office for families of first generation wealth creators. More About Us What We DoWe help organize, simplify, plan and manage all aspects of our client’s wealth.  View Our Services Who We ServeOur clients are successful entrepreneurs, corporate executives, their families and private foundations.   Read Our FAQs   Our TeamRecognized by the Financial Times as one of the Top 300 RIAs 2017.The Venturi Wealth Management team is pleased to announce it has been named to the 2017 edition of the Financial Times 300 Top Registered Investment Advisers. The list recognizes top independent RIA firms from across the U.S. Meet our Team  FAQsTop 10 Questions to Ask an Investment Advisor  How many years of experience do you have in the investment advisory business?   How many clients do you manage?   What is your client focus?   How are you compensated?   What are your team’s credentials?   What is your investment philosophy?   What is your range of resources?   What is your service model and how often do you communicate with your clients?   How do you measure performance?   What is your client retention rate over the last 3, 5, and 10 years?  View All FAQs   Market / CompanyNews & Views   Announcements Venturi Wealth Management Ranked Among Top U.S. Investment Advisers  Read More     Economy Investments: The Shrinking Size of the U.S. Stock Market  Read More     Asset Management Late Innings  Read More     Asset Management Europe on Sale!  Read More     Economy The Economy Leads Markets, Not Elections.  Read More   View All News           Culture is Everything - Venturi Wealth Management     X    Culture is Everything  General |September 30, 2016|By: Russ Norwood SubscribeWant to Change Banking Culture? Stop Talking About Cross-Selling – The New York Times“These days, forward-looking financial services firms are doing everything they can to evolve from being sales-oriented, product-centric businesses to more consultative, client-centric businesses.”-NYTI spent 24 years at a great firm that became polluted by a corporate strategy that labeled our clients as customers.  The objective was to cross-sell more products to offset market share decline.  Six months before our departure to launch Venturi, we received a call from the bank management informing us that if we didn’t start referring more customers to the commercial bank for loans, our compensation would be cut.   The bank had become solely focused on proving to the street analysts that their strategy of cross-selling products to customers was working.Fortunately, the trend in our industry is toward a higher standard of care than this.   At Venturi, we are on the right side of this trend. The large banks and brokerage firms won’t get there without major reform.   We now work for our clients rather than a bank, brokerage firm or insurance company.   We Deliver Consistency Not Salesmanship.Suggested Posts  Economy Fed in a Box  Read More    Asset Management A Tale of Two Coasts  Read More    Economy Made In China  Read More           It's the (not so) Big One! - Venturi Wealth Management     X    It’s the (not so) Big One!  Stock Market |August 11, 2016|By: George Clark SubscribeRemember Redd Foxx’s TV character, Fred Sanford? Whenever a big surprise or reversal came along, Fred responded with a clutch of his heart while staggering and announcing, “…it’s the big one!” That’s my flashback when I listen to and read the media reaction during stock market corrections post-2008.The chart (below) includes market history back to 1980. The red dots plot the steepest percentage market decline for each calendar year. The gray columns reflect how much the market increased or decreased for the entire calendar year. This graphic reminds us market corrections are common. Equally, more often than not, the stock market is up for the year despite enduring double-digit declines during the year.Students of the market correctly note corrections are more common during the third quarter of each year. Of course, a correction could occur at any time. Having said that, both sentiment and market breadth indicate there is pent-up demand for stocks. More to come. Suggested Posts  Economy Fed in a Box  Read More    Asset Management A Tale of Two Coasts  Read More    Economy Made In China  Read More           






Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Prudential Financial Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



APG Asset Management N.V. Sells 111,598 Shares of Quintiles Transitional Holdings Inc. (Q)					

APG Asset Management N.V. Has $47.59 Million Stake in Harris Corporation (NYSE:HRS)					

APG Asset Management N.V. Boosts Stake in Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC)					

QTS Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:QTS) Shares Bought by Forsta AP Fonden					

Forsta AP Fonden Has $1.09 Million Position in Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM)					

Forsta AP Fonden Invests $1.17 Million in CoreSite Realty Corporation (NYSE:COR)					

Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC Has $743,000 Position in Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA)					

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) is Blackhill Capital Inc.’s 9th Largest Position					

Bourne Lent Asset Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB)					

Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)					

Waste Management, Inc. (NYSE:WM) Position Held by Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc.					

BB&T Corp Acquires 13,110 Shares of Barclays PLC (BCS)					

Trinity Street Asset Management LLP Reduces Stake in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON)					

Forsta AP Fonden Buys New Stake in Geo Group Inc (The) (GEO)					

Forsta AP Fonden Purchases 15,300 Shares of Taubman Centers, Inc. (NYSE:TCO)					

Court Place Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Aetna Inc. (AET)					

Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Position Boosted by Forsta AP Fonden					

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) Stake Boosted by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd					

Vicus Capital Lowers Position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)					

Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Buys 4,090 Shares of Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB)					





 





						Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)					

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Patrick Bannon 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. maintained its position in shares of  Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 1,186 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc.’s holdings in Prudential Financial were worth $128,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its stake in  Prudential Financial by 7.6% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 1,133 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the last quarter.  Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in  Prudential Financial by 11.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,376 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $139,000 after buying an additional 137 shares during the last quarter.  First Personal Financial Services boosted its stake in  Prudential Financial by 3.4% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 1,407 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 46 shares during the last quarter.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America boosted its stake in  Prudential Financial by 0.3% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,658 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $177,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Trust Co. of Vermont boosted its stake in  Prudential Financial by 28.5% in the second quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 1,711 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $185,000 after buying an additional 380 shares during the last quarter. 63.35% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
Prudential Financial, Inc. (PRU) opened at 112.74 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $109.11 and its 200-day moving average price is $107.65. The company has a market cap of $48.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.44 and a beta of 1.49. Prudential Financial, Inc. has a 1-year low of $72.25 and a 1-year high of $114.55. 




Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The financial services provider reported $2.79 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.64 by $0.15. The firm had revenue of $13.24 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $12.75 billion. Prudential Financial had a net margin of 7.78% and a return on equity of 8.52%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $2.18 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Prudential Financial, Inc. will post $10.67 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)” was  reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/28/farmers-merchants-investments-inc-continues-to-hold-stake-in-prudential-financial-inc-nysepru.html. 
A number of research firms have recently issued reports on PRU. BidaskClub cut Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 19th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $113.00 price objective on shares of Prudential Financial in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Zacks Investment Research cut Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 14th. Wells Fargo & Company  reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Prudential Financial in a research report on Tuesday, June 6th. Finally, ValuEngine raised Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $111.21.
In other Prudential Financial news, Chairman John R. Strangfeld, Jr. sold 201,585 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.00, for a total transaction of $22,174,350.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now directly owns 456,121 shares in the company, valued at $50,173,310. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Charles F. Lowrey sold 222,857 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $108.04, for a total transaction of $24,077,470.28. Following the sale, the insider now owns 151,418 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,359,200.72. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  0.66% of the company’s stock. 
About Prudential Financial
Prudential Financial, Inc, is a financial services company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services, which includes life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. The Company’s operations consists of four divisions, which together encompass seven segments.






Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































Financial Advisors Austin TX | Venturi Wealth Management        X     Contact Venturi  We Believe InGuiding Your Present Contact Venturi    Contact Venturi  We Believe InSecuring Your Future Contact Venturi    Contact Venturi  We Believe InSimplifying Complexities Contact Venturi   Who We AreWe are an independent private wealth management firm and multi family office for families of first generation wealth creators. More About Us What We DoWe help organize, simplify, plan and manage all aspects of our client’s wealth.  View Our Services Who We ServeOur clients are successful entrepreneurs, corporate executives, their families and private foundations.   Read Our FAQs   Our TeamRecognized by the Financial Times as one of the Top 300 RIAs 2017.The Venturi Wealth Management team is pleased to announce it has been named to the 2017 edition of the Financial Times 300 Top Registered Investment Advisers. The list recognizes top independent RIA firms from across the U.S. Meet our Team  FAQsTop 10 Questions to Ask an Investment Advisor  How many years of experience do you have in the investment advisory business?   How many clients do you manage?   What is your client focus?   How are you compensated?   What are your team’s credentials?   What is your investment philosophy?   What is your range of resources?   What is your service model and how often do you communicate with your clients?   How do you measure performance?   What is your client retention rate over the last 3, 5, and 10 years?  View All FAQs   Market / CompanyNews & Views   Announcements Venturi Wealth Management Ranked Among Top U.S. Investment Advisers  Read More     Economy Investments: The Shrinking Size of the U.S. Stock Market  Read More     Asset Management Late Innings  Read More     Asset Management Europe on Sale!  Read More     Economy The Economy Leads Markets, Not Elections.  Read More   View All News           Client Center - Venturi Wealth Management, LLC     X   Venturi Client PortalVenturi Access Venturi Login Link is not yet active. Check back soon!If you have not yet received your Username and Password, please call us: 512.220.2035.         Market Volatility - Venturi Wealth Management     X    Market Volatility  Economy |September 9, 2016|By: George Clark SubscribeThe weakness in the financial markets today is a result of Central Bank policy concerns:ECB Chief Draghi deferred (for now) on incremental easing measuresFed governor jawboning has driven up the odds of September rate increase (per chart below)Source: BloombergInterestingly, both stocks and bonds are down in value today. In contrast, volatility figures have spiked from low levels and likely will remain elevated leading up to the September 21st Fed decision release.     Suggested Posts  Economy Fed in a Box  Read More    Asset Management A Tale of Two Coasts  Read More    Economy Made In China  Read More           Legal - Venturi Wealth Management, LLC     X   LegalRegulatory FilingsBelow is a link to our most recent Form ADV Part 2A.ADV Part 2AImportant DisclosuresThe Venturi Wealth Management, LLC (“Venturi” or the “Firm”) website is intended only for your personal, non-commercial use.Venturi is an SEC registered investment adviser located in Austin, Texas. Venturi and its representatives are in compliance with the current registration and notice filing requirements imposed upon SEC registered investment advisers by those states in which Venturi maintains clients. Venturi may only transact business in those states in which it is notice filed, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from notice filing requirements. Venturi’s web site is limited to the dissemination of general information regarding its investment advisory services to United States residents residing in states where providing such information is not prohibited by applicable law. Accordingly, the publication of Venturi’s web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as Venturi’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Furthermore, the information resulting from the use of tools or other information on this Internet site should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from Venturi. Any subsequent, direct communication by Venturi with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of Venturi, please contact the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on their web site at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. A copy of Venturi’s current written disclosure statement discussing Venturi’s business operations, services, and fees is available from Venturi upon written request. Venturi does not make any representations as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Venturi’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefore. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly. SEC Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training.ACCESS TO THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, OR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM ANY INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS WEB SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITE LINKED TO THIS WEB SITE.Copyright Policy, Linking Policy and TrademarksThe Venturi website is protected by applicable copyright laws. Accordingly, you may not copy, distribute, modify, post or frame-in the Venturi website, including any text, graphics, video, audio, software code, user interface design or logos.Financial Times disclosureThe Financial Times 300 Top Registered Investment Advisers is an independent listing produced annually by the Financial Times (June, 2017). The FT 300 is based on data gathered from RIA firms, regulatory disclosures, and the FT’s research. The listing reflected each practice’s performance in six primary areas: assets under management, asset growth, compliance record, years in existence, credentials and online accessibility. This award does not evaluate the quality of services provided to clients and is not indicative of the practice’s future performance. Neither the RIA firms nor their employees pay a fee to The Financial Times in exchange for inclusion in the FT 300.          Financial Advisor Team | Venturi Wealth Management     X   Team Contact Us to Learn MoreOur team has enjoyed long term client relationships and historically low turnover.  We have earned our client’s trust over many market cycles.  We have demonstrated depth and breadth of experience with the capital markets and we deliver comprehensive advice.  Our priority is consistency rather than salesmanship.  Our goal is to preserve our client’s lifestyle while growing their assets for future generations and the organizations they support.  We make every client feel like our only client by prioritizing exceptional service.  We invite you to learn more about our team members by accessing their bios below. Russell W. Norwood, CIMA®, CFP® Founding Partner | Managing Director   (512) 220-2040 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Russ Norwood is a Founding Partner and the Managing Director for Venturi Wealth Management. Russ provides investment guidance and wealth management strategies to highly affluent clients, with particular depth in discretionary portfolio management, alternative investments, and estate planning. He has significant experience providing planning and investment advisory services to clients with concentrated wealth, predominantly from the ownership of closely held businesses or equity ownership in a publicly traded company. A strategic thinker, Russ is adept at connecting a client’s long-term wealth management needs with his or her near-term investment selection and structure.Prior to founding Venturi Wealth Management, Russ spent more than twenty three years at Merrill Lynch, where he was a Managing Director and Private Wealth Advisor within the Private Banking and Investment Group. Russ has worked in financial services since 1986. He began his career at Prudential Bache in the Corporate Executive Services Department. Russ earned his B.A. in Business Economics from the University of Texas at Austin. He holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst® (CIMA®) and CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERTM (CFP®) designations.Barron’s magazine has named Russ one of the Top 1,000 Financial Advisors in America from the inception of the accolade in 2009 through 2015, inclusively.*Russ has served on a number of boards ranging from large-budget social service organizations to his school district’s education foundation. An Instrument-Rated Private Pilot and an avid aviator, he flies volunteer missions for Angel Flight, an organization that provides free medical transportation to patients battling cancer and other serious illnesses. In his free time, he enjoys hunting, fishing, tennis, and golf. *Advisors considered for the ranking have a minimum of seven years financial services experience and have been employed at the firm for at least one year. Quantitative and qualitative measures used to determine the Advisor rankings include: client assets, return on assets, client satisfaction/retention, compliance records, and community involvement, among others. Barron’s does not receive compensation from Advisors, participating firms and their affiliates. The rating is not indicative of Venturi Wealth Management’s future performance. [read more]  George Clark, CFA® Founding Partner | Director - Investments   (512) 220-2039 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  George Clark is a Founding Partner and the Director of Investments for Venturi Wealth Management. George applies his extensive institutional capital markets experience to developing tailored investment strategies for clients. He is skilled in investment evaluation and selection, portfolio design, risk assessment, and macro strategy. George works in concert with the team to ensure that a client’s investment profile aligns with his or her wealth management initiatives.Prior to moving to Venturi Wealth Management, George spent 18 years managing large institutional relationships for Merrill Lynch in Texas and the Southeastern United States. He focused on investment strategy and equities allocations for institutions between $2 -$100 billion. George also spent four years at the Texas Permanent School Fund, where he was an Equities Trader and Sector Analyst for the $29 billion endowment. George holds a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) charterholder. [read more]  J. Michael (Mike) Sanders Director | Senior Advisor   (512)220-2044 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Mike Sanders is currently a Director and Senior Advisor for Venturi Wealth Management. For over 25 years, Mike has built and overseen sales, marketing and research organizations for companies in the financial services industry. He also brings operational expertise through his prior roles. Mike spent 24 years at Goldman Sachs Group, Equities Division, where he was the Partner and Managing Director responsible for the US Shares Institutional sales force and founding of the Hudson Street initiative in 2006. Mike has also served as Executive Director and Head of Sales at Potomac Research Group Holdings, LLC. Prior to this, he was the Chief Executive Officer at Davis, Mendel & Regenstein, Inc. and Executive Director of Ned Davis Research. His primary role was establishing a longer-term strategic direction for the firm. He was instrumental in business development, client relationships, new sales and marketing initiatives, product development, and profitability. Mike received a Bachelor of Business Degree from the University of Texas at Austin. He has served as a Board Member of Wall Street on Demand (Markit).  [read more]  Robert Rinner, CFA® Senior Vice President | Portfolio Strategy    (512) 220-2038 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Robert Rinner is the Senior Vice President of Portfolio Strategy for Venturi Wealth Management. Rob is responsible for investment evaluation and selection, market execution, portfolio design, and risk management. He has deep experience in both traditional and alternative assets, including equities, fixed income, and commodities. Rob is also adept in various investment vehicles such as mutual funds, hedge funds, and ETFs. Rob applies a highly tailored approach to investment management that incorporates a client’s objectives, risk tolerance, cash-flow needs, and time horizons.Previously, Rob led an investment advisory and financial consulting firm working with high-net-worth clients and companies. His career also includes tenures with Amsouth Asset Management/First American Corp., where he led a team that managed $2 billion in assets; and Royal Insurance USA, where he was a Portfolio Manager. Rob holds a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Iowa, Summa Cum Laude, and an M.B.A. from the University of Oklahoma. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) charterholder. [read more]  Mike Banks, CFA® Chief Financial Officer | Chief Operating Officer   (512) 220-2042 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Mike Banks is the Chief Financial Officer and Operating Officer of Venturi Wealth Management. He brings 25 years of finance and operational experience to the firm. Mike provides fiduciary oversight and financial management of the firm, infrastructure development, and controls to ensure prudent management of client assets. Mike provides business advisory consulting on personal business matters of clients primarily in private business evaluations, financial assessment including modeling, investment due diligence, and M&A pre-planning.Mike has a proven track record working with companies in high growth environments. Prior to joining Venturi, he led the finance & operations of two growth companies, both resulting in successful liquidity events. He has provided financial consulting on over 100 different business engagements over a broad range of industries including software, SaaS, semiconductor, manufacturing, renewable energy, service, and healthcare. He has led successful early-round equity fundings and debt financings.Mike earned an M.B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin and a Bachelor’s of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Texas A&M University. He received his Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA®) designation and holds co-ownership in two technology patents. He has been an instructor on renewable energy economics and corporate M&A. He has been an executive advisor to a local Austin private school and served on the Finance Committee of the City of Sunset Valley.In his free time, Mike enjoys spending time with his wife, Janna and their three children. He also spends as much time as possible at LadyBird Lake, where he attempts to run. [read more]  Alex Clendennen, CFP®, CPWA® Lead Advisor   (512) 220-2041 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Alex Clendennen is a Lead Advisor for Venturi Wealth Management. Alex engages with clients to construct in-depth financial plans that address critical areas of wealth management including estate planning, cash flow analysis, liquidity risk, trust management, and philanthropic giving. Alex also works with the investment team to ensure proper alignment between clients’ wealth management goals and their portfolio investment strategy. Previously, Alex spent 5 years as a Financial Advisor and Analyst at Merrill Lynch where he provided comprehensive wealth management services for high net worth families in the Austin area. Alex attended The University of Southern California where he earned his B.S. degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance. Alex is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERTM(CFP®) and recently earned the Certified Private Wealth Advisor® (CPWA®) certification, which is the only advanced certification designed for wealth managers who advise high-net worth clients.Alex’s wife Lina recently finished her DDS degree at Baylor College of Dentistry and is a practicing dentist in Hutto. Alex and Lina are expecting their first child in August. Outside of work, Alex enjoys traveling with Lina and volunteering for The Missy Project, a local non-profit. [read more]  Rodney A. Gamble Lead Advisor | Insurance Services   (512)220-2035 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Rodney Gamble is a Lead Advisor of Insurance Services for Venturi Wealth Management. Rodney is passionate about providing his clients with the best plan tailored for their unique situation. He is consistently learning about their needs and the options that will best accomplish their goals. He has significant experience in working with individual clients and business owners in providing individual life insurance for estate planning and business needs. Prior to joining Venturi Wealth Management, Rodney worked for over 35 years in providing strategic financial planning for corporations, government entities, privately owned businesses and individuals. From 1991-2016 he had his own firm in providing life insurance and group benefits. Before starting his own firm, Rodney was a business manager at Lockheed Missiles and Space. He was responsible for managing budgets of over $200 million dollars in funds. He has multiple awards and honors including; Lifetime Member of the Million Dollar Round Table, Jefferson-Pilot Sales Leadership Recognitions, New York Life Associate of the Year, Lockheed Performance Incentive Award and Lockheed Productivity Improvement Program Award.Rodney is a native Austinite and received his BBA in Finance from The University of Texas. He has been married to his wife Debbie for over 37 years and they have 3 adult sons. They currently reside in Lakeway and attend Lakeway Church. They continue to be actively involved in the Lake Travis and Austin communities.   In his spare time Rodney enjoys camping, hunting, tennis and golf.  [read more]  Michael Catanese Sr. Client Associate   (512) 220-2037 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Michael joined Venturi as a Senior Client Associate in 2016.   She assists clients with the onboarding process, service requests, and current account information. She is also responsible for marketing and special events.Previously, Michael has had extensive experience in event coordination, public relations, and administrative operations spanning the medical, sport, and private equity industries. Most recently, she served as the Acquisitions Coordinator at a private equity firm specializing in real estate investments. She enjoys proactively organizing details to provide clients with a simplified, comprehensive view of how Venturi can help them. She also looks forward to continuing to develop Venturi as a leader in the wealth management industry.Michael holds a Bachelor of Communication degree with a concentration in Studio Art from Wake Forest University. She recently re-located back to her hometown of Austin, Texas with her husband and two children. In her free time, she loves being home with them, attempting to run the Austin trails, writing, and finding great coffee.  [read more]  Taylor Kirk, RP® Sr. Client Associate   (512) 220-2035 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Taylor joined Venturi as a Senior Client Associate in 2015. She guides clients through the onboarding process, working to ensure that clients experience a seamless transition. She serves as a dedicated point of contact for service issues and keeps clients informed about their account transactions and status. Taylor finds joy in getting to know each client personally and efficiently meeting their needs.In her previous role as a consultant in the Transitions Management department of Raymond James, Taylor worked with Venturi team members. Prior to working at the Raymond James home office in St. Petersburg, Florida, Taylor honed her client service skills at an investment firm in Starkville, Mississippi. Taylor holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a concentration in economics from Mississippi State University. She is also a Registered ParaplannerSM (RP®). Taylor enjoys indoor cycling, yoga, and exploring all that Austin has to offer. [read more]  Elizabeth Hermanson, CPA Associate Advisor   512)220-2043 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Elizabeth Hermanson is an Associate Advisor for Venturi Wealth Management. Elizabeth serves on the business development team identifying and building relationships with client candidates. Working alongside the financial planning team, Elizabeth works to create comprehensive, outcome-oriented wealth management solutions to best meet our clients’ goals in critical areas of wealth management including estate planning, cash flow analysis, liquidity risk, and philanthropic giving.Prior to joining Venturi Wealth Management, Elizabeth spent two years at Ernst & Young as an Audit Staff Accountant performing year-end audits and quarterly reviews in accordance with US GAAP for public and private companies in the real estate, software, and manufacturing industries. Elizabeth attended the University of Texas at Austin and graduated with a Master in Professional Accounting and Bachelor in Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting. Elizabeth is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).Elizabeth currently lives in South Austin and can be found spending time in Zilker Park, listening to live music, or trying one of Austin’s many restaurants. She also enjoys being out on the lake, reading, and traveling whenever time permits. She has never met a dog she doesn’t like and spoils her yellow lab incessantly.  [read more]  Ryan Halls, CIMA® Associate Advisor   (512) 220-2046 |   Email Me |   Read Full Bio  Ryan Halls is an Associate Advisor for Venturi Wealth Management. As a member of the business development team, Ryan works to identify potential clients as well as help existing clients understand their unique financial situation. Together with the financial planning team, Ryan creates comprehensive, customized wealth management strategies for each client.Previously, Ryan spent 4 years at Vanguard as a consultant to financial advisors in Texas, Oklahoma, and New Mexico, and then as the Founder of an e-commerce startup. Ryan graduated Magna Cum Laude from Texas A&M University where he earned his Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a concentration in Finance, and The University of Chicago Booth School of Business where he earned his MBA with concentrations in Accounting and Entrepreneurship. Ryan is a Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA®).Ryan and his wife Alexandria live in South Austin and can be found exploring new restaurants, biking Austin’s trails, and traveling. Ryan also enjoys fishing, skiing, and attempting to golf. [read more]          