




Verde Beef Investments LLC - Agriculture- Friesen  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Verde Beef Investments LLC

      Industry: Agriculture
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    7513 Harlow Drive  
    Austin, TX, 78739Phone: 888-638-0130 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-16


New


$100,000


$100,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2014-06-23


New


$700,000


$700,000


Equity and Debt


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Douglas Scott Friesen 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















Press Release: 8 Miles Investment — Verde Beef





















































PRESS RELEASEFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDATE: 25th April 20168 MILES INVESTMENT IN ETHIOPIAN AGRIBUSINESSLondon, UK: 8 Miles LLP, the pan-African Private Equity firm, today announced an investment in Verde Beef Processing PLC, an Ethiopian agribusiness that specialises in producing premium beef in Adami Tulu, Oromia in Ethiopia. The investment of new money will give 8 Miles a significant minority stake alongside the management team and founder investors. The financial details of the transaction have not been disclosed. Ethiopia has the sixth largest cattle population in the world and Verde Beef Processing operates a beef processing business situated on a 1,300 ha feedlot and crop-farming facility in  Adami Tulu, south of Addis Ababa. The business uses its feedlot facilities to feed and fatten cattle and has recently started export of their premium quality Ethiopian beef.  With the new investment, Verde Beef Processing plans to grow more than ten-fold from its current base of 6,000 animals as demand for their beef in the Middle East, Africa and Asia continues to increase. The business also plans to begin construction of its own abattoir and meat processing facility in 2017 in order to enhance its product offering and maintain high export quality standards. Commenting on the transaction, Doug Agble, Partner at 8 Miles LLP, said: “This is an exciting opportunity to work with the highly experienced team at Verde Beef and introduce premium Ethiopian beef into the growing global beef market.”Scott Friesen, CEO and co-founder of Verde Beef Processing, added: “the investment from 8 Miles will enable us to grow our business significantly and become a top beef processing company in Africa.  Over the coming years, we expect this project to reskill and employ hundreds of Ethiopian people in the production of export grade beef.”  8 Miles was advised by Simon Tinkler and Danny Mutisya (Clifford Chance) and Sandip Shah (KPMG). Verde Beef Processing was advised by Wayne Hollingsworth and Kevin Leiske (Ambrust & Brown, US) and Anthony Littner and Felix Wong (Harbottle, UK).8 Miles LLP is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Fund is only open to institutional and qualified investors.






 
 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Verde Beef Investments LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:22 AM ET

Company Overview of Verde Beef Investments LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Verde Beef Investments LLC operates in the agricultural sector. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Austin, Texas.


7513 Harlow DriveAustin, TX 78739United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 888-638-0130








Key Executives for Verde Beef Investments LLC


Verde Beef Investments LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Verde Beef Investments LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Douglas Scott Friesen - Manager at Verde Beef Investments LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Douglas Scott Friesen
Manager at Verde Beef Investments LLC



Overview
Paths
Career History Transactions 


Douglas Scott Friesen
Manager at Verde Beef Investments LLC



 Overview




 Paths to Douglas Scott Friesen



            Douglas Scott Friesen          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Douglas Scott Friesen






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Douglas Scott Friesen.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Manager

                                    Current                


Verde Beef Investments LLC







 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Verde Beef Investments LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Verde Beef Investments LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Douglas Scott Friesen is affiliated with
                            Verde Beef Investments LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Verde Beef Investments LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Verde Beef Investments LLC
List of persons related to the company Verde Beef Investments LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Verde Beef Investments LLC.

CIK Number: 0001611366IRS Number: 465592596Company address: 7513 HARLOW DRIVE  AUSTIN 78739Phone number: 888-638-0130



People related to Verde Beef Investments LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryScott Friesen  Douglas7513 Harlow Drive AustinTX




Verde Beef Investments LLC on the Web
Related companiesVERDE ALPHA FUND, LTD., Verde Directive Fund Ltd, VERDE ENERGY SAVINGS INC, Verde Environmental Technologies, Inc., VERDE EQUITY HEDGE FUND LLC, Verde Food Co, VERDE GLOBAL EQUITIES FUND LTD, Verde Martin, Inc., Verde Mountain Fund, LLC, Verde Realty, Verde Retirement, LLC, Verde River RV Resort - Sedona, LLC, VERDE SCIENCE, INC., VERDE UNIQUE FUND, LLC, VERDE UNIQUE LONG BIAS FUND LTD












 















Grass-Fed Beef Products - Verde Farms - Case-Ready Meat Suppliers











































 

























Toggle navigation











 




Products






 HOMEProducts















Products
Eat better beef with Verde Farms grass-fed. Our beef is always grass-fed, 100% free range (NO feedlots ever), NEVER contains added hormones, and is raised according to strict animal welfare protocols.

“Grass-Fed for All” is our passion and inspiration. We offer a wide range of products and pricing so everyone can experience the superior taste and health benefits of grass-fed beef. It’s better for you, the farmers, the animals and the environment. It’s beef as it should be. Learn more about our product lines below.

Want to see Verde Farms at your supermarket? Print and fill out the request form, then give it to your friendly meat manager. 









Free Range


The New Entry Point


Grass-fed and grass-finished
No added growth hormones
Antibiotics administered when necessary to treat a specific condition for the animal’s welfare


  
                    View Sell Sheet               
                

VIEW Free Range PRODUCTS








Never Ever


The Everyday Grass-Fed


100% Grass-fed and grass-finished
No added growth hormones
No antibiotics


  
                    View Sell Sheet               
                

VIEW Never Ever PRODUCTS








Organic


The Paragon of Grass-Fed


100% Grass-fed and grass-finished
No added growth hormones
No antibiotics
USDA certified organic


  
                    View Sell Sheet               
                

VIEW Organic PRODUCTS








Reserve


The World's Finest Grass-Fed


100% Grass-fed and grass-finished
No added growth hormones
No antibiotics


  
                    View Sell Sheet               
                

VIEW Reserve PRODUCTS


 

























✖




						All Categories
					

Animal WelfareCookingEnvironmentalHealth BenefitsInformationalInformational - Animal WelfareInformational - EnvironmentalInformational - Health BenefitsInformational - Industry NewsOrganicPaleoRecipeWhole30 






 



















Verdant Frontiers | 

























Verdant Frontiers




Navigation



Assign a Menu 








Our mission is to end poverty in Africa by creating large-scale, for-profit businesses.
Our first milestone is to create 1 million jobs and $1 billion in annual revenue by 2025.
We aim to generate strong profits for investors with purposeful impact on the communities where we work.
Our founders give 50% of their profits towards catalyzing positive transformation among the people and markets where we do business.
WE BELIEVE IN THE BRIGHT FUTURE OF AFRICA.Who We AreAt Verdant Frontiers, we are passionate about creating sustainable, profitable business in places where we can be a force for good. We open new markets, tear down barriers, and lay down a path of prosperity and success for all of those who we come in contact with, or who invest in our companies. We are a for-profit venture conglomerate, a group made up of companies that we have founded, funded and grown. Since 2013, we have started seven ventures and have subsequently sold two, liquidated one and continue to build the other five for high-growth and strong investor returns. Our aim for every project we take on is that each company exists to be the catalyst for an industrial and agricultural revolution in every market where we work.
Investment OpportunitiesVerdant Frontiers offers investors project-specific opportunities to invest in start-up and growth stage businesses led by proven management teams with massive scale potential.
We invest our own capital in each project, offer preferred returns to investors and believe that in order to do long-term good in the markets where we work, each business must be highly-profitable, highly-scalable and a good neighbor to its community. The funding needs vary for each deal, and range from $1M to $30M in capital depending on the opportunity and stage of growth, with a targeted investor return of a 30% IRR or higher.
About EthiopiaHome to many of our companies, Ethiopia is a vibrant emerging market. With a population of more than 90 Million and an economy that frequently ranks among the fastest growing in the world, Ethiopia is ripe for investment, and has proven time and time again to be a market that is already well on its way to building an industrial revolution, the likes of which Africa has never seen before.
In recent years, the pace at which Ethiopia is developing has increased, massive infrastructure projects are being undertaken, where there were once dirt pathways now brand new freeways and train lines stand. Markets are maturing; in 2011 EXC was launched as the country’s first commodities exchange market, providing stabilities in pricing, and access to global markets for local farmers.  The local banking system has seen massive development in many areas, including commercial and consumer lending products coming to market. The next step in Ethiopia’s development is job creation on a large scale, an effort that is already well under way. Global investors can now be seen funding projects in all corners of Ethiopia, utilizing the affordable labor and recently constructed infrastructure to build industry in an unprecedented scale in Africa. A transformation is happening. Once a country held together by the efforts of NGO’s and Non-Profit organizations, Ethiopia is now benefiting from the talents of investors, entrepreneurs and business leaders to define the economic future of a vast generation of newly middle-class income earners. Not only are great profits being made, but this new era is benefiting the citizens, workforce and everyday people in ways they have never been able to experience before. Verdant Frontiers exists to make lives better by stimulating an industrial and agricultural revolution in Ethiopia, for both the people and our investors. Verdant Frontiers business ventures in Ethiopia make up the largest American owned business conglomerate in the country. 
Portfolio Companies
Verde Beef Processing
We founded Verde Beef feedlot and processing company in 2014. This venture is located in Adami Tulu, Ethiopia and is led by a veteran team of entrepreneurs and managers. Since establishing the business, it has grown to a 1,300-hectare (3200 acres) project with capacity for more than 9000 head of cattle and rapid growth towards our goal to produce over 130,000 head of cattle every year, and to generate annual revenues over $100M USD.

Verdant Ventures
Founded by Verdant Frontiers in 2015, Verdant Ventures is an emerging markets real estate development and management company with a special emphasis on Diplomatic and Consular level real estate projects. Collectively, the Verdant Ventures team has $5 billion in real estate development experience and significant construction experience in Sub Saharan Africa. 
Kizo Lodge
We conceived and established this property as a mid-level hotel and restaurant targeted towards the thriving eco-tourism segment of those who come to visit the Kara, Hammar and Benna tribes surrounding the town of Turmi, Ethiopia where the lodge is located. Opened in Summer of 2016, the lodge quickly earned a reputation for its high level of service and excellence in all aspects of hospitality.
International Hospital Kampala
In partnership with IHK, in Uganda’s capital city Kampala, Verdant Frontiers invested in the construction of a medical imaging and radiology center. The center is open 365 days a year and provides high quality medical imaging and diagnostic services for thousands of patients per year.

Verdant Consulting
Created in 2017 by Verdant Frontiers, Verdant Consulting partners with visionary leaders and entrepreneurs driven to see communities in Ethiopia achieve their full potential through businesses that create jobs and economic empowerment.  Specializing in solving business and social problems in tandem, we collaborate with leaders and entrepreneurs to start-up or scale purpose-driven businesses that accelerate Ethiopia’s industrial, agricultural and technological transformation.

Green Hills Vegetable Oil
Introducing Verdant Frontiers’ latest startup in Ethiopia:  Green Hills Vegetable Oil.  This company will continue the legacy that Verdant has been building upon to establish another for profit business to alleviate poverty by hiring & training locals as well as providing a valuable resource and commodity to the community.  
New ProjectsVerdant Frontiers is always researching new business opportunities in Africa.  With a keen eye towards progress for all, regardless of where they happen to live on the earth, we are excited about what we can create with our time, energy and passion for helping people and our investors.  Each business must present a clear path to scale and profitability, while combining solid investor returns and positive social impact for the communities where we work.  
The Team



Scott is a serial entrepreneur who has started, grown & sold companies since 1998.  He has helped to orchestrate the sale of four of these start-ups in technology and media.  Having led operations, sales & technology teams, he has a track record of producing consistent growth and profitability.




Scott Friesen
Co-Founder
Verdant Frontiers







Levi Benkert is passionate about building, funding, and advancing sustainable, efficient companies in the developing world.  He has 6+ years of on-the-ground Ethiopia operations experience, 10+ years of real estate development and construction experience and is founder/CEO of three residential real estate development firms.




Levi Benkert
Co-Founder
Verdant Frontiers







Shannon is a passionate advocate for social justice having focused on ending and preventing mass atrocities around the world.  As an attorney and activist, she sits on the board of several organizations including The Elders, Humanity United, TOMS, and charity: water.



Shannon Sedgwick Davis
Partner & Board Member
Verdant Frontiers







With over 25 years of agricultural experience running corporate and private businesses in a very diverse array of fields around Africa, Bruce has overseen projects from very intensive floriculture, intensive tree nut and orchard crops, to large scale livestock and grain businesses. Managing up to 10,000 staff and covering thousands of hectares, Bruce’s entire experience has been Africa based. 



Bruce Hamilton
Africa Continent Director
Verdant Frontiers







Greg applies smart business ideas to solve global social problems. Before serving as CEO of domestic + global organizations, including a $40M USD joint venture, Greg served as a Partner at global consulting company Accenture, where he spent 19-years starting + scaling companies by applying key business strategies.



Greg Vestri
Chief Strategy Officer
Verdant Frontiers







Russ is a natural leader with practical experience in a diverse range of business management applications, including operations, sales and marketing, team-building and human resources.  He is co-founder of Aspen Heights, a multifaceted real estate development company.



Russ Murphy
CEO
Verdant Ventures







Arnold is an experienced commercial farm manager who has managed pig, dairy & beef cattle farms in both Canada and Ethiopia.  He has a strong pioneering spirit evidenced in his establishment of a flourishing dairy farm in Ethiopia.



Arnold Krul
General Manager
Verde Beef Processing







Daniel has degrees in Accounting and International Political Science.  He has several years of experience in finance with international and local companies.  He currently assists with fundraising from local banks and setting up financial and internal control systems.



Daniel Takele
Finance & Office Manager
Verde Beef Processing







Sarah is a Chartered Management Accountant who holds Master’s degrees in Development Management and International Studies.  She has a strong understanding of the political and social context in Ethiopia and is experienced in raising debt, equity and grant financing.



Sarah Jackson
Financial Analyst
Verdant Frontiers







Elias holds Doctor of Veterinary Medicine and MSc in Veterinary Public Health degrees from AAU, Ethiopia.  He has managed livestock farms and been a lecturer for several years.  Having led many development projects, he is passionate about the Ethiopian beef industry.



Elias Gezahegn
Public Relations/Protocol
Verde Beef Processing







Sherri has 15+ years of experience as a Controller/CFO.  Her background includes founding, scaling profitably, and selling businesses.  She is a talented financial and operations leader who is able to successfully manage all aspects of an organization.



Sherri Holland
Controller
Verdant Frontiers







Steven has over 16 years of senior management experience in the beef processing industry.  His exceptional communication and management skills produce structured and effective leadership.



Steven Sprighton
Managing Director
Verde Beef Processing







Betelehem has a law degree from Addis Ababa University and has worked extensively in legal matters involving Human Resource Management, Labor Cases and Court Cases.  She is currently representing Verde Beef in various legal matters.



Betelehem Melka
Attorney
Verde Beef







Ingrid is a business development and logistics expert with experience in Ethiopia and across Europe in meat processing and sales.  She brings a wealth of knowledge and skill to the team. 



Ingrid van Ginkel
Head of Sales
Verde Beef Processing







Kiya is the in-house legal counsel for our Addis Ababa office. Kiya is passionate about Ethiopian business and has a keen eye towards putting deals together and creating value for businesses within the legal system.



Kiya Tsegaye
Legal Counsel
Verde Beef Processing







Alan has more than a decade of experience working in the Middle East.  He is an expert in strategic planning and implementation, creative leadership, sales and marketing, business development, and contract negotiation. 



Alan Morrell
Business Development
Verdant Frontiers







Rahel studied Economics at AAU and has 11 years of experience in managing the import and export of agricultural and leather products.



Rahel Adane
Import Manager
Verde Beef Processing







Keith is a visionary leader with $4+ billion in career transaction experience in the AEC and real estate development industries. He holds an exemplary list of achievements and is the former Head of Design and Construction at Tishman Speyer Africa.



Keith Veir
Country Director
Verdant Ventures







Laren is a passionate humanitarian, filmmaker, photographer and speaker with 10+ years of on-the-ground development and operations experience in East Africa. In 2003, he co-founded the internationally recognized non-profit Invisible Children.  Today, Laren serves as Operations Officer of Bridgeway Foundation’s East and Central Africa projects.




Laren Poole
Africa Operations Strategic Advisor
Verdant Frontiers







Alemnew graduated from Bahir Dar University with a BA in Accounting & Finance (major) and Management (minor).  He is now the Assistant Finance Manager for Verde Beef.



Alemnew Anawte
Assistant of Finance Manager
Verde Beef Processing







Yidnekachew studied Automotive Technology and has 6 years of experience as an Export Lison Officer.



Yidnekachew Alemayehu
Lisen Officer
Verde Beef Processing







Axel joined Verde Beef from PwC UK where he worked on a range of assurance and advisory projects. He is a qualified chartered accountant and holds a master’s degree in International Accounting and Finance from Cass Business School. 



Axel Gustafsson
CFO
Verde Beef Processing







Peter John is a South African national with extensive experience as an Abattoir Manager for several  different companies in Cyprus, Bulgaria, Israel and South Africa.  Prior to that, he served as a Meat Inspector and Environment Health Officer. 



Peter John Scholtz
Abattoir Manager
Verde Beef Processing







Welela is a graduate of Mekelle University with a B.Sc. Civil Engineering and 2 years of experience. Welela has exceptional mathematical and financial analysis skills .



Welela Tsige
Finance Associate & Office Manager
Verdant Ventures







Samrawit has a B.Sc. Civil Engineering degree and 2 years of experience in building construction and site engineering management. Samrawit has exceptional analytical, quantity take-off, and AutoCad skills. She is a graduate from Bahir Dar University.



Samrawit Deribe
Project Manager
Verdant Ventures







Shannen is currently finishing her degree in English at the University of Texas in Austin.  She is a talented writer with exceptional time management and organizational skills.  She enjoys multi-tasking – the busier the better!



Shannen McCahey
Administrative Assistant
Verdant Frontiers







Haftamu serves as finance manager with a B.A. in Accounting from Adama University and has served in finance and financial management capacities for more than 10 years in the agricultural industry, including project construction accounting.



Haftamu Zenna
Finance Manager
Verdant Ventures







Ermias was born in Addis Ababa and graduated from the University of Gondar with a degree in Accounting & Finance.  He joined Verde Beef in July as an Accountant.



Ermias Mellese
Accountant
Verde Beef Processing







Eniyat studied Business Education and has 8 years experience exporting agricultural products to different countries.  She carries the current responsibility of export documentation and logistics.



Eniyat Geremew
Head of Export
Verde Beef Processing







	Brhan has a B.Sc. Civil Engineering degree and a certificate in Construction Technology with 6 years of experience in civil and institutional construction management. He is a graduate of Eritrea Institute of Technology, College of Engineering.



Brhan Ghetchew
Project Manager
Verdant Ventures







Emily has spent much of her career in IT, database and executive administration.  She holds both a BS and MS in Mathematics.  Her motivation, focus and passion for service enables her to bring unique dedication to her role.



Emily Mihailoff
Administrative Assistant
Verdant Frontiers







Teshager has a B.Sc Civil Engineering degree and 16 years of experience in heavy civil and institutional construction management. He is a graduate of Bahir Dar University.  



Teshager Gebre Michael
Senior Project Manager
Verdant Ventures







Hlina has 13 years of experience in driving for other entities.  He has enjoyed working with Verde Beef for the past 2 years.



Hlina Korome
Local Logistics Support
Verde Beef







Mahder has a BA in Accounting & Finance degree from Unity University and manages office support functions and assists with project accounting. 



Mahder Alemu
Office Administrator
Verdant Ventures







Alemu has 17 years of experience as a Mechanic and Purchaser for NGO’s.  He has been working with Verde Beef for over 3 years.



Alemu Koreme
Local Logistics Support
Verde Beef Processing







	Eyob has a M.Sc. Civil Engineering degree and 12 years of experience in building construction and is a Certified Professional Engineer. He brings 12 years of industry experience and is a graduate of Addis Ababa University.



Eyob Taddesse
Project Manager
Verdant Ventures







Genet holds a degree in Management Information Systems.  She has experience in General Service, as an Administration Manager, and a Tour Operator Assistant. 



Genet Solomon
PA & Sales Administrator
Verde Beef Processing







Martha is a Management graduate and has experience as an HR Manager for NGO’s.  She is originally from the Oromia region in Ethiopia and is a fluent speaker of Afan Oromo and Amharic languages.



Martha Tolessa
HR & Administration Manager
Verde Beef Processing







Tewedaj graduated top of her class at Unity University in Addis Ababa with a degree in Business and Marketing.  She has held positions at one of the largest import companies in Ethiopia as an administrator and research director.



Tewedaj Missale
Researcher
Verde Beef Processing







Meaza serves as a support accountant processing payments and maintaining bank records.  She has a college certificate in accounting from the African Beza University and 1 year of industry experience.



Meaza Teklebirhan
Junior Accountant
Verdant Ventures




Scott Friesen
Managing Partner
Scott Friesen is a serial entrepreneur who has started, grown & sold companies since 1998. Over the past 15 years, he’s helped to orchestrate the sale of three of these start-ups in technology and media.
Sam Weatherford
Senior Advisor
Sam is a Partner of Weatherford Partners, a firm with deep roots in Florida and a strong global network that partners with owners and management teams of high integrity to build great businesses through the provision of capital and strategic business advisory services.
Levi Benkert
Managing Partner
Levi Benkert is passionate about building, funding, and advancing, sustainable companies in the developing world. Since 2000 he has founded and sold businesses in various industries around the globe, with a drive towards sustainability and efficiency
Kiya Tsegaye
Legal Counsel
Kiya is Verdant Frontiers’ in-house legal counsel for our Addis Ababa office. Kiya is passionate about Ethiopian business and has a keen eye towards putting deals together, and creating value for businesses within the legal system. Staffed full-time on the Verde Beef project
Russ Murphy
CEO
Verdant Ventures – International Real Estate Development
10+ years experience in real estate development; built 4,000+ units valued at over $1 billion; co-founder of Aspen Heights, a multifaceted real estate development company with annual revenues above $500m.
Tewedaj Missale
Researcher
Tewedaj works with Verdant Frontiers as a research analyst. She graduated top of her class at Unity University in Addis Ababa with a degree in Business and Marketing, and then held a position at one of the largest import companies in Ethiopia as an administrator then later as research director. Staffed full-time on the Verde Beef projectContacting VerdantCALL OR EMAIL US FOR FURTHER INFORMATION1-888-638-0130admin@verdantfrontiers.com













* All fields are required. Once we receive your message we will respond as soon as possible.








 









 

Verde Beef Investments Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/158456-verde-beef-investments-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=158456  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Verde Beef Investments LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Verde Beef Investments Llc gets funded!Verde Beef Investments LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesTexasAustinIndustry:Industrial and energy Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors June 23rd, 2014$700,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Verde Beef Investments Llc gets funded?Key peopleDouglas FriesenExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!