    Huibert Verhoeven | Synaptics Incorporated | ZoomInfo.com

Huibert J.  Verhoeven - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Huibert J.  Verhoeven
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Huibert J.  Verhoeven. Find out Huibert J.  Verhoeven address and contact details. View other people related to Huibert J.  Verhoeven - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

1251 MCKAY DRIVE  SAN JOSE 95131 CA




Companies related to Huibert J.  Verhoeven
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000817720SYNAPTICS IncSee Remarks 1251 MCKAY DRIVE  SAN JOSE 95131-3326




Huibert J.  Verhoeven on the Web
Persons related to Huibert J.  Verhoeven - SYNAPTICS IncNamePositionCityWong  AlexSan JoseWajid  AliSenior VP and CFO THOUSAND OAKSKEVIN  BARBERSee Remarks IRVINEKevin D  BarberSee Remarks Below SANTA CLARAKevin D  BarberSVP & GM, Handheld Products SANTA CLARAKevin D  BarberSVP & GM, Handheld Products SAN JOSEKATHLEEN A  BAYLESSSVP, CFO, & Treasurer SAN JOSEKATHLEEN A  BAYLESSCFO, Secretary & Treasurer SANTA CLARAKATHLEEN A  BAYLESSSVP, CFO, Sec. & Treasurer SANTA CLARAKATHLEEN A  BAYLESSSVP, CFO, & Treasurer SAN JOSERick  BergmanPresident and CEO SUNNYVALERick  BergmanPresident and CEO SANTA CLARARick  BergmanPresident and CEO SAN JOSESewell  BretSan JoseJEFFREY D  BUCHANANDirector TEMPEJEFFREY D  BUCHANANDirector PHOENIXJEFFREY D  BUCHANANDirector SPRINGFIELDJEFFREY D  BUCHANANDirector SCOTTSDALEJEFFREY D  BUCHANANDirector SCOTTSDALEJEFFREY D  BUCHANANDirector PHOENIXNELSON C  CHANDirector SUNNYVALENELSON C  CHANDirector SANTA CLARANELSON C  CHANDirector SAN JOSESHAWN P PHD  DAYVP of Research and Development SAN JOSESHAWN P PHD  DAYVP of Research and Development SANTA CLARAScott  DeutschSVP of Worldwide Sales MELBOURNEScott  DeutschSVP of Sales SANTA CLARAScott  DeutschSVP of Sales SAN JOSEFEDERICO  FAGGINDirector SAN JOSEFEDERICO  FAGGINDirector SANTA CLARARitu  FavreSee Remarks AUSTINRitu  FavreSee Remarks SAN JOSECLARK F  FOYVice President of Marketing SAN JOSECLARK F  FOYVice President of Marketing SANTA CLARALee  FrancisSan JoseGopal K  GargSenior Vice President SANTA CLARAKEITH  GEESLINDirector MENLO PARKKEITH  GEESLINDirector SAN FRANCISCOWhims  JamesSan JoseBuchanan  JeffreySan JoseMcFarland  JohnSan JoseBayless  KathleenSan JoseGeeslin  KeithSan JoseBarber  KevinSan JoseDONALD E  KIRBYSr VP & Gen Manager PC Product SAN JOSERUSSELL J  KNITTELDirector SAN JOSERUSSELL J  KNITTELInterim President and CEO SANTA CLARARUSSELL J  KNITTELDirector SANTA CLARAFRANCIS F  LEEDirector SAN JOSEFRANCIS F  LEEDirector SANTA CLARAFRANCIS F  LEEDirector SANTA CLARAFRANCIS F  LEEDirector SAN JOSEDavid B  LongVP of WW Sales SANTA CLARADavid B  LongSVP of WW Sales SANTA CLARAJohn  McFarlandSVP, General Counsel & Sec. CUPERTINOJohn  McFarlandSVP, General Counsel & Sec. SAN JOSEDAVID T  MCKINNONVP of System Silicon SAN JOSEJoseph D  MontalboSenior Vice President SANTA CLARAChan  NelsonSan JoseBergman  RichardSan JoseSanquini  RichardSan JoseKnittel  RussellSan JoseRICHARD L  SANQUINIDirector SARATOGADeutsch  ScottSan JoseBretton  SewellSee Remarks SANTA CLARABretton  SewellSVP, Corporate Development SAN JOSETHOMAS D  SPADEVP of Worldwide Sales SAN JOSETHOMAS D  SPADEVP of Worldwide Sales SANTA CLARAWILLIAM T PHD  STACYVice President of Operations SAN JOSEWILLIAM T PHD  STACYVice President of Operations SANTA CLARAJON R  STONEVice President SAN JOSEStan A  Swearingen JrSANTA CLARAStan A  Swearingen JrSVP & Chief Technology Officer SANTA CLARAStan A  Swearingen JrSVP & Chief Technology Officer SAN JOSEThomas J  TiernanPresident and CEO SANTA CLARADELL WILLIAM RONALD  VANDirector AUSTINDELL WILLIAM RONALD  VANDirector AUSTINMark N  VenaVice President SANTA CLARAMark N  VenaSVP & GM, PC Products SANTA CLARAMark N  VenaSVP & GM, PC Products SANTA CLARAHuibert J.  VerhoevenSee Remarks SAN JOSEMark  WadlingtonSVP, Worldwide Sales SAN JOSEJAMES L  WHIMSDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWJAMES L  WHIMSDirector SARATOGAHing Chung  WongSVP of Worldwide Operations SANTA CLARAHing Chung  WongSVP of Worldwide Operations SANTA CLARAHing Chung  WongSVP of Worldwide Operations SANTA CLARAHing Chung  WongSVP of Worldwide Operations SAN JOSE












 










Huibert J Verhoeven, 49  - San Jose, CA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 HV


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Huibert Verhoeven
 San Jose, CA
 Age: 49 -
								12/03/1967







AKA:
                                                Huibert Jan Verhoeven, Huibert J Verhoeven, Hulbert J Verhoeven, Hulbert Verhoeven, 













Work Info








                                    Single






Has Kids






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Huibert










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











19*** **** Ave


San Jose, CA 95125







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



San Jose
, CA.

 is related to
                Tracy Verhoeven.
        















About & Contact Information


Huibert's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



San Jose
, CA.

 is related to
                Tracy Verhoeven.
        
Views & Opinions

Environmental Supporter






Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
19*** **** Ave
San Jose, CA
View Address


Past Address
14*** **** 5




Truckee
, CA
View Address







    Huibert may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Huibert's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Huibert may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Huibert may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Huibert may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Huibert may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Huibert may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Huibert's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Huibert may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Huibert may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Huibert's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Huibert Verhoeven's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Huibert










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Huibert may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Huibert. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Huibert may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Huibert may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Huibert may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Huibert may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 TV

Tracy Verhoeven

                                            San Jose, CA




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Huibert may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Huibert build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Huibert Verhoeven
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Huibert's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Huibert have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Huibert
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Huibert

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Huibert

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Huibert?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Huibert Verhoeven?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Huibert 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Huibert .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Huibert Verhoeven
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Huibert Verhoeven's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Huibert's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Huibert Verhoeven











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Huibert



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Huibert Verhoeven











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 21:23:01 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 










SYNA Huibert J. Verhoeven Insider Trades for Synaptics Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Synaptics Inc.

                  NASDAQ: SYNA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Synaptics Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 6:20 p.m.


SYNA

/quotes/zigman/87211/composite


$
54.63




Change

+0.58
+1.07%

Volume
Volume 101,522
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/87211/composite
Previous close

$
			56.31
		


$
				54.05
			
Change

-2.26
-4.01%





Day low
Day high
$53.91
$56.01










52 week low
52 week high

            $47.00
        

            $69.45
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Huibert J. Verhoeven



Dr. Huibert J. Verhoeven is SVP & GM-Human Interface Systems at Synaptics, Inc.
Dr. Verhoeven was previously employed as Design Director by National Semiconductor Corp. and Vice President & GM-Mixed Signal Systems by Intersil Corp.
He received his graduate degree from the Delft University of Technology and a doctorate degree from the Delft University of Technology.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/01/2017
298


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $53.65 per share.


15,988


01/31/2017
347


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $56.38 per share.


19,564


10/31/2016
937


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $52.12 per share.


48,837


10/28/2016
7,300


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/01/2016
298


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $57.2 per share.


17,046


05/02/2016
298


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $69.08 per share.


20,586


02/01/2016
347


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $73.68 per share.


25,567


11/02/2015
1,194


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $86.69 per share.


103,508


10/23/2015
5,100


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/24/2014
9,533


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Francis F. Lee 
Chairman




Mr. Richard A. Bergman 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Alex  Wong 
Senior Vice President-Worldwide Operations




Mr. Wajid  Ali 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & Senior VP




Dr. Patrick  Worfolk 
Chief Technology Officer & VP-Corporate Research




Mr. Kevin D. Barber 
Senior Vice President & GM-Smart Display Division




Mr. Kin  Cheung 
Vice President-Product Development




Dr. Huibert J. Verhoeven 
SVP & GM-Human Interface Systems




Ms. Ritu C. Favre 
Senior VP & GM-Biometrics Products Division




Mr. Mark D. Wadlington 
Senior Vice President-Worldwide Sales




Ms. Karen  Gaydon 
Senior Vice President-Global Human Resources




Mr. John  McFarland 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Russell J. Knittel 
Independent Director




Mr. Nelson C. Chan 
Independent Director




Mr. Jeffrey D. Buchanan 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Keith  Geeslin 
Independent Director




Mr. James L. Whims 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard L. Sanquini 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:23 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Huibert J. Verhoeven - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Huibert J. Verhoeven
See Remarks at Synaptics Incorporated


View Full Profile
Are you Huibert J. Verhoeven? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Huibert J. Verhoeven's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Huibert J. Verhoeven's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Huibert J. Verhoeven's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Huibert J. Verhoeven through your network of contacts.
												








Huibert J. Verhoeven's Executive Work History


Current


See Remarks, 
Synaptics Incorporated


Past
To view Huibert J. Verhoeven's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
48

 
 


Huibert J. Verhoeven's Biography



Huibert Verhoeven has been Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Human Interface Systems Division of our company since August 2014.  Prior to joining our company, Mr. Verhoeven was Vice President and General Manager of the Flash Components Division at LSI Corporation from 2013 to 2014. Mr. Verhoeven served as the Vice President and General Manager of the Mixed Signal Systems group for Intersil Corporation from 2008 to 2013. Prior to Intersil, Mr. Verhoeven held design engineering and design management positions at National Semiconductor Corporation.  Mr. Verhoeven holds a Doctor of Philosophy and a Master's of Science in Electrical ...
(Read More)

			Huibert Verhoeven has been Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Human Interface Systems Division of our company since August 2014.  Prior to joining our company, Mr. Verhoeven was Vice President and General Manager of the Flash Components Division at LSI Corporation from 2013 to 2014. Mr. Verhoeven served as the Vice President and General Manager of the Mixed Signal Systems group for Intersil Corporation from 2008 to 2013. Prior to Intersil, Mr. Verhoeven held design engineering and design management positions at National Semiconductor Corporation.  Mr. Verhoeven holds a Doctor of Philosophy and a Master's of Science in Electrical Engineering from Delft University, The Netherlands.
		
Source: Synaptics Incorporated on 08/25/2015
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Huibert J. Verhoeven's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Huibert J. Verhoeven. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Huibert J. Verhoeven's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Huibert J. Verhoeven's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Huibert J. Verhoeven through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Huibert J. Verhoeven


















Huibert J. Verhoeven's Connections (17)





Sign up now to view Huibert J. Verhoeven's 17 connections »









Bretton C. Sewell
SVP, Corporate Development, Synaptics Incorporated









David C. Wang
Former Senior Vice President, Silicon Engineering, Synaptics Incorporated









Scott Deutsch
Former Senior Vice President, World Wide Sales, Synaptics Incorporated









Ritu Favre
See Remarks, Synaptics Incorporated









James L. Whims
Board Member, Synaptics Incorporated









Jeffrey D. Buchanan
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Administrative Officer, American Outdoor Brands Corporation









Kathleen A. Bayless
Board Member, Veeco Instruments Inc.









Keith B. Geeslin
Board Member, Synaptics Incorporated









Nelson C. Chan
Board Member, Synaptics Incorporated









Russell J. Knittel
Dir., Interim President and CEO, Synaptics Incorporated








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Huibert J. Verhoeven - Senior Vice President & General Manager, Human Interface Systems Division at Synaptics Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Huibert J. Verhoeven
Senior Vice President & General Manager, Human Interface Systems Division at Synaptics Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Huibert J. Verhoeven
Senior Vice President & General Manager, Human Interface Systems Division at Synaptics Inc.



 Overview



Age



49
                                  (Born 1968)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,109 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
September 20, 2016





                        Synaptics Natural ID Fingerprint Sensors Drive New Lenovo„� Yoga„� 910 Convertible Laptop                    





Marketline Newswire
November 18, 2015





                        Synaptics unveils portfolio of vehicle-specific solutions                    





PR Newswire
November 9, 2015





                        Synaptics Addresses Automotive Market with Dedicated Touch, Display, Biometrics Product Portfolio                    





Marketline Newswire
June 25, 2015





                        Synaptics announces availability of SmartBar technology                    





PR Newswire
June 3, 2015





                        Synaptics Brings New Functionality to PCs with SmartBar Technology                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Francis F. Lee

Former Chief Executive Officer at Synaptics Inc.




Russell J. Knittel

Former Interim President & Chief Executive Officer at Synaptics Inc.





Richard A. Bergman

President & Chief Executive Officer at Synaptics Inc.




Richard L. Sanquini

Partner at LiteCap





Anthony Maslowski

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Secretary at Oxford Semiconductor, Inc.




Ikuo Kudo

Chief Executive Officer & President at Renesas SP Drivers, Inc. (Japan)





Federico Faggin

Co-Founder at ZiLOG, Inc.




Vern Kelley

Former Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Intersil Corp.





Gregory J. Rossmann

IT General Partner at Oak Investment Partners




E. Floyd Kvamme

Partner Emeritus at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers LLC







See 1,099 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,099 More 


 


 Paths to Huibert J. Verhoeven



            Huibert J. Verhoeven          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Huibert J. Verhoeven






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Huibert J. Verhoeven.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Delft University of Technology

                  Delft University of Technology! One of the world’s top universities of technology (#15 in QS ranking), located in the historic city of Delft, The Netherlands, in the heart of Europe. TU Delft offer 16 Bachelor’s programmes and over 35 Master’s programmes in the fields of science, engineering and design. All TU Delft's Master’s programmes are taught in English, as well as (at the moment)  the Bachelor’s programmes Aerospace Engineering and Applied Earth Sciences; our other bachelor’s programmes are offered in Dutch. 

A good balance between theory and practice, project work and hands-on experience at TU Delft's outstanding research facilities, will enable you to gain the skills the engineer of the future needs. Delft students are typically inquisitive, pro-active, entrepreneurial and see opportunities in how to make things better. With over 100 nationalities, 30% of TU Delft master’s students and even over 60% of their Ph.D. students being international students, we can honestly say that you will become part of a truly international community. With partnerships with more than thirty universities all over the world and TU Delft's close links with (inter)national industry, they enable their students to further increase their international experience. 

TU Delft cooperates with many other educational and research institutions, both in the Netherlands and abroad. The high quality of TU Delft's research and teaching is renowned. TU Delft has numerous contacts with governments, trade associations, consultancies, industry and small and medium-sized companies.                





 Career History



Senior Vice President & General Manager, Human Interface Systems Division

                                    2014 - Current                


Synaptics Inc.


                  Synaptics is a leading worldwide developer of custom-designed user interface solutions for mobile computing, communications and entertainment devices. Our mission is to enrich the interaction between users and their intelligent devices. Synaptics products emphasize ease of use, small size, low power consumption, advanced functionality, durability and reliability, making them applicable to a multitude of markets, including mobile phones, notebook computers, PC peripherals, and portable entertainment devices such as MP3 players.                




Vice President & General Manager, Flash Components Division

                                    Prior - 2014                


Avago Technologies Ltd.


                  Avago Technologies (Nasdaq: AVGO) is a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of analog semiconductor devices with a focus on compound III-V semiconductor-based products. We differentiate ourselves through our high-performance design and integration capabilities. Our product portfolio is extensive and includes approximately 6,500 products in three primary target markets: wireless communications, wired infrastructure, industrial and automotive electronics. Applications for our products in these target markets include smart phones, consumer appliances, data networking and telecommunications equipment, enterprise storage and servers, power generation and renewable energy systems, factory automation, displays and printers                




Vice President & General Manager-Flash Components Division

                                    2013 - 2014                


LSI Corp.


                  LSI Corp. designs, develops, and markets high-performance storage and networking semiconductors. Its products include custom and standard product integrated circuits that are used in disk drives, solid state drives, high-speed communications systems, computer servers, storage systems, and personal computers. The company's storage product includes hard disk, solid state and tape drive, server and storage connectivity and custom storage solutions. It provides flash storage applications, which include flash storage processors and PCIe flash adapters. The company's server storage connectivity products server storage semiconductor and sever RAID adapters and software. Its custom storage solutions offers custom solutions to customers who develop fiber channel and fiber channel over Ethernet SAN switches and host bus adapters, storage systems, hard disk drives and tape peripherals. The company's networking products are provided to the infrastructure, enterprise, and data center markets. Its networking solutions include communication processors, network processors, media processors, content-inspection processors and physical layer devices, as well as software tools and segment specific applications, evaluation systems and reference designs. LSI was founded on November 6, 1980 and is headquartered in San Jose, CA.                




Vice President & General Manager-Mixed Signal Systems

                                    2008 - 2013                


Intersil Corp.


                  Intersil is a leader in the design and manufacture of high-performance analog, mixed-signal and power management integrated circuits. Intersil’s products enable the capabilities of today’s leading high-technology products such as smartphones, notebook computers, networking infrastructure equipment, automobiles and satellites.                




Design Director

                                    Prior                


National Semiconductor Corporation


                  National Semiconductor Corp. develops and manufactures analog intensive and mixed-signal integrated circuits. The firm’s product portfolio includes power management circuits, audio and operational amplifiers, analog-to-digital or digital-to-analog converters, communication interface circuits, lighting and display circuits, adaptive voltage scaling circuits, and radio frequency integrated circuits, as well as power references, regulators, and switches. The company was founded by Arie Brish on June 29, 1959 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Huibert J. Verhoeven is affiliated with
                            Synaptics Inc., Avago Technologies Ltd., LSI Corp., Intersil Corp., National Semiconductor Corporation.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Huibert Verhoeven, SVP and GM of the Human Interface Systems Division, Synaptics


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Huibert Verhoeven



SVP and GM of the Human Interface Systems Division
at
Synaptics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Huibert Verhoeven



SVP and GM of the Human Interface Systems Division
at
Synaptics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Huibert Verhoeven joined Synaptics in August 2014 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Human Interface Systems Division (HISD).
Before joining Synaptics, Huibert was Vice President and General Manager of the Flash Components Division at LSI Corporation. He remained in that position after the acquisition of LSI by Avago Technologies. In this role he was responsible for all aspects of Development, Marketing and support of Flash Memory Controller Hardware, Firmware and Software, used in a wide range of client, datacenter and enterprise storage applications. Before joining LSI, Huibert worked for Intersil Corporation as the Vice President and General Manager of the Mixed Signal Systems group, responsible for the acquisition, integration and executive leadership of semiconductor system businesses in the video and high speed data communication area. While at Intersil he also led a number of groups focused on high speed and optical solutions for mobile, consumer, industrial and automotive applications. Prior to Intersil Huibert held design engineering and design management positions at National Semiconductor Corporation. He established a number of their overseas development centers and drove the entry into the Precision Semiconductor automotive and computing areas.
Huibert holds a PhD and an MS in Electrical Engineering from Delft University, The Netherlands.



4

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Semiconductor and Related Device Manufacturing




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Huibert VerhoevenCareer (4)






Aug-2014




Synaptics



SVP and GM of the Human Interface Systems Division







Mar-2013 to Aug-2014




LSI Corporation



Vice President / General Manager Flash Controller Division







Nov-2008 to Feb-2013




Intersil



VP/GM High Speed Products







Nov-1996 to Nov-2008




National Semiconductor



Design Director Amplifiers








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Huibert VerhoevenEducation (2)










Stanford University Graduate School of Business









1995



Delft University of Technology


Electrical Engineering









 Edit



Huibert VerhoevenAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Huibert Verhoeven






 Edit



Huibert VerhoevenLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Huibert Verhoeven









Huibert VerhoevenInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Huibert Verhoeven









Huibert VerhoevenInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Huibert Verhoeven








Huibert VerhoevenRelated People








Colleagues at Synaptics







Wajid Ali

Senior Vice President and CFO
May-2015









Ikuo Kudo

SVP, GM of Custom Driver Division  and Japan President
Sep-2014









Ritu Favre

SVP and GM, Biometrics Products Division
Jun-2014









Patrick Worfolk

Vice President of Corporate Research and CTO
Apr-2014












View all 



Huibert VerhoevenRecommended Market Profiles








Biometric Authentication

1,000 - 2,500 employees
15 companies


















