

























Veritas Asset Management LLP Increases Position in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Baxter International Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Baxter International Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Wellington Management Group LLP Cuts Stake in Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. (NYSE:AHH)
Blucora, Inc. (NASDAQ:BCOR) Position Raised by Credit Agricole S A
Bank of America Corporation Trims United Continental Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:UAL) Target Price to $85.00
Wellington Management Group LLP Raises Stake in Granite Construction Incorporated (NYSE:GVA)
Gibraltar Industries, Inc. (ROCK) Position Increased by Principal Financial Group Inc.
Belmond Ltd. (NYSE:BEL) Stake Lowered by Wellington Management Group LLP
Principal Financial Group Inc. Raises Stake in Meredith Corporation (NYSE:MDP)
Wendy’s Company (The) (NASDAQ:WEN) Position Decreased by Principal Financial Group Inc.
United Services Automobile Association Buys New Stake in Tivity Health Inc (NASDAQ:TVTY)
United Services Automobile Association Invests $421,000 in SkyWest, Inc. (NASDAQ:SKYW)
Cowen and Company Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Travelport Worldwide Limited (NYSE:TVPT)
Visteon Corporation (NYSE:VC) Raised to Hold at BidaskClub
Unifirst Corporation (NYSE:UNF) Raised to Outperform at Robert W. Baird
Veritas Asset Management LLP Increases Position in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX)
Credit Agricole S A Purchases Shares of 4,829 Black Hills Corporation (NYSE:BKH)
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Has $1.12 Million Position in Brunswick Co. (NYSE:BC)
United Services Automobile Association Boosts Position in Calpine Corporation (NYSE:CPN)
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Boosts Stake in ManTech International Corporation (NASDAQ:MANT)
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Raises Stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (NASDAQ:IPCC)
Johnson Financial Group LLC Has $270,000 Position in Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX)


 


Veritas Asset Management LLP Increases Position in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Veritas Asset Management LLP raised its stake in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) by 3.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 9,951,759 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock after buying an additional 334,700 shares during the period. Baxter International comprises about 4.7% of Veritas Asset Management LLP’s portfolio, making the stock its 11th largest position. Veritas Asset Management LLP owned 1.83% of Baxter International worth $516,098,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in Baxter International by 2.2% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 440,228 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $22,831,000 after buying an additional 9,622 shares during the last quarter. Triangle Securities Wealth Management increased its stake in shares of Baxter International by 10.6% in the first quarter. Triangle Securities Wealth Management now owns 5,205 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $270,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Liberty Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Baxter International by 5.3% in the first quarter. Liberty Capital Management Inc. now owns 28,600 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $1,483,000 after buying an additional 1,439 shares during the last quarter. Pensionfund DSM Netherlands bought a new stake in shares of Baxter International during the first quarter valued at $3,641,000. Finally, Pensionfund Sabic bought a new stake in shares of Baxter International during the first quarter valued at $1,831,000. 84.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 




Baxter International Inc. (NYSE BAX) traded down 0.59% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $62.67. The company had a trading volume of 2,798,820 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $60.23 and a 200-day moving average price of $53.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $34.07 billion, a PE ratio of 18.55 and a beta of 0.66. Baxter International Inc. has a 52 week low of $43.13 and a 52 week high of $63.14. 


 Get Baxter International Inc. alerts:



Baxter International (NYSE:BAX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The medical instruments supplier reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.07. Baxter International had a return on equity of 14.03% and a net margin of 18.09%. The company had revenue of $2.48 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.43 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.36 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Baxter International Inc. will post $2.27 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, October 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be issued a $0.16 dividend. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.02%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 30th. Baxter International’s dividend payout ratio is presently 19.05%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Veritas Asset Management LLP Increases Position in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX)” was first published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/baxter-international-inc-nysebax-shares-bought-by-veritas-asset-management-llp-updated-updated.html. 
Several brokerages have weighed in on BAX. BMO Capital Markets upgraded Baxter International from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $55.00 to $70.00 in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Cowen and Company restated a “market perform” rating and set a $66.00 target price (up previously from $57.00) on shares of Baxter International in a report on Monday, July 10th. Cantor Fitzgerald started coverage on Baxter International in a report on Thursday, June 29th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $70.00 target price for the company. Barclays PLC upped their target price on Baxter International from $62.00 to $64.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 14th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus upped their price target on Baxter International from $58.00 to $61.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Baxter International currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $61.54.
In other news, Director Carole J. Shapazian sold 2,618 shares of Baxter International stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $57.92, for a total transaction of $151,634.56. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 9,848 shares in the company, valued at approximately $570,396.16. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Brik V. Eyre sold 130,732 shares of Baxter International stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.69, for a total transaction of $7,280,465.08. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 49,966 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,782,606.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 137,110 shares of company stock worth $7,642,246 in the last ninety days. 0.05% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
Baxter International Company Profile
Baxter International Inc, through its subsidiaries, provides renal and hospital products. The Company operates through two segments: Hospital Products and Renal. Its Hospital Products business manufactures sterile intravenous (IV) solutions and administration sets, premixed drugs and drug-reconstitution systems, pre-filled vials and syringes for injectable drugs, IV nutrition products, parenteral nutrition therapies, infusion pumps, inhalation anesthetics and biosurgery products. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Baxter International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baxter International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Veritas Asset Management LLP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:23 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Veritas Asset Management LLP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Veritas Asset Management LLP is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to high net worth individuals, institutions, charities, and trusts. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity and balanced mutual funds and hedge funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm employs long-only and long-short strategies while creating its portfolios. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis along with a combination of top-down with the bottom-up stock picking approaches while making its investments. The firm was founded in 1996 and is based in London, Unit...
Veritas Asset Management LLP is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to high net worth individuals, institutions, charities, and trusts. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity and balanced mutual funds and hedge funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm employs long-only and long-short strategies while creating its portfolios. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis along with a combination of top-down with the bottom-up stock picking approaches while making its investments. The firm was founded in 1996 and is based in London, United Kingdom with an additional office in Hong Kong. It was formerly known as Veritas Asset Management (UK) Limited. As of October 31, 2014, Veritas Asset Management LLP operates as a subsidiary of Affiliated Managers Group Inc.
Detailed Description


90 Long Acre1st FloorLondon,  WC2E 9RAUnited KingdomFounded in 1996



Phone: 44 20 3758 9900

Fax: 44 20 3070 0990

www.veritas-asset.com







Key Executives for Veritas Asset Management LLP




Mr. Ian Barnes


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Charles Buchan Richardson


      	Partner, Fund Manager, and Chairman
      








Mr. Richard John Grant


      	Partner and Chief Operating Officer
      








Dr. Xuejun Sun Ph.D.


      	Partner, Fund Manager, and Head of Asia
      








Mr. Andrew Nicholas Headley


      	Partner, Fund Manager, and Head of Global
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Veritas Asset Management LLP Key Developments

Asia Veritas Asset Management LLP Presents at Morningstar Investment Conference - London 2016, May-09-2017 09:45 AM
Apr 4 17
Asia Veritas Asset Management LLP Presents at Morningstar Investment Conference - London 2016, May-09-2017 09:45 AM. Venue: Park Plaza Riverbank Hotel, London, United Kingdom. Speakers: Ezra Sun, Fund manager and Head.


Veritas Asset Management Appoints Ian Barnes as Chief Executive, Effective Early 2017
Sep 28 16
Veritas Asset Management announced that Ian Barnes, former head of UBS Asset Management for Ireland and the UK, has been appointed to the newly created position of chief executive. He will join in early 2017, becoming part of the managing partners board. Barnes had been head of asset management at UBS for UK and Ireland since 2012. Before that, he was at Russell Investments, where his initial role as senior investment consultant evolved into a focus on fiduciary management.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      March 6, 2017
			    
Capita plc



Merger/Acquisition

			      December 6, 2016
			    
Capita plc





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Veritas Asset Management LLP, please visit www.veritas-asset.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	AMG Announces Investment in Veritas Asset Management






















AMG - Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.



Go




Home
News
USA

Websites:AsiaAustraliaCanadaEuropeMiddle EastUSA





About AMGAMG OverviewPhilosophyHistoryClientsProductsAMG FundsAMG Wealth PartnersAffiliatesManagement TeamProductsProducts OverviewClient TypesNew InvestmentsPartnership ApproachWhy Partnership WorksInvestment StructureInvestor RelationsInvestor OverviewPublic Filings & Other Financial InformationPress ReleasesAnnual ReportAnalyst CoverageShareholder InformationStock InformationCorporate GovernanceManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestor PresentationContact Us





Investor Relations 

Back to All Press Releases

Affiliated Managers Group Inc. (ticker: AMG, exchange: New York Stock Exchange)News Release - 29-April-2014


AMGInvestor Relations:    
AMGMedia Relations:    
Veritas Asset Management LLPMedia Relations:


Alexandra Lynn
Laura O'Brien
Eoin Brophy


(617)747-3300
(617)747-3300
+44 (0)20 3440 5656


ir@amg.com
pr@amg.com
eoin.brophy@humebrophy.com



AMG Announces Investment in Veritas Asset ManagementBOSTON and LONDON, April 29, 2014 – Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (NYSE: AMG), a global asset management company, has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a majority equity interest in Veritas Asset Management LLP (“Veritas”). After the closing of the transaction, the management partners of Veritas will continue to hold a substantial portion of the equity of the business and direct its day-to-day operations.Founded in 2003, Veritas is a leading independent global and Asian equity manager with award-winning investment strategies that seek to deliver long-term real returns for clients through both long-only and long-short mandates.  With offices in London and Hong Kong, Veritas manages approximately £10 billion ($17 billion) across both funds and segregated portfolios for institutional and retail investors in the United Kingdom and around the world.  Veritas has generated strong investment performance for its clients through the Veritas Real Return Approach, an investment philosophy focused on protecting and growing the real value of clients’ capital, always analyzing potential investments through fundamental research with a strong value discipline, and on an absolute basis rather than relative to any benchmark or index.With a team of 32 professionals, Veritas is led by four Partners:  Charles Richardson (Chairman and Fund Manager), Andy Headley (Fund Manager and Head of Global), who together lead the global equity business, Ezra Sun (Fund Manager and Head of Asia), and Richard Grant (Chief Operating Officer). Veritas has received numerous awards for outstanding performance, including “Best Global Fund Manager” by Morningstar Europe in 2012; its Global Focus Fund and Global Equity Income Fund are rated five- and four-stars, respectively, by Morningstar.“We are very pleased to partner with Veritas Asset Management, one of the industry’s most highly regarded global equity managers.  We have tremendous respect for the experience and talent of the management team at Veritas, and believe the firm is well-positioned for additional growth and continued success,” said Sean M. Healey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AMG. “We look forward to working with our new partners on a variety of initiatives to enhance the firm’s forward growth and development.”“AMG’s unique partnership approach preserves our operational autonomy and investment independence, whilst enhancing our ability to serve our clients and ensuring the longevity and stability of our firm,” said Mr. Richardson.  “We believe AMG is the ideal partner for Veritas given their understanding of, and appreciation for, the essential elements for the long-term success of investment management boutiques.”As part of the transaction, Veritas’ senior professionals have agreed to long-term commitments with the firm. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed.About Affiliated Managers GroupAMG is a global asset management company with equity investments in leading boutique investment management firms. AMG’s innovative partnership approach allows each Affiliate’s management team to own significant equity in their firm while maintaining operational autonomy. AMG’s strategy is to generate growth through the internal growth of existing Affiliates, as well as through investments in new Affiliates. In addition, AMG provides centralized assistance to its Affiliates in strategic matters, marketing, distribution, product development and operations. As of March 31, 2014, the aggregate assets under management of AMG’s Affiliates were approximately $594 billion, pro forma for pending investments, in more than 400 investment products across a broad range of investment styles, asset classes and distribution channels. For more information, please visit the Company’s website at www.amg.com.

Certain matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those projected in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including changes in the securities or financial markets or in general economic conditions, the availability of equity and debt financing, competition for acquisitions of interests in investment management firms, the ability to close pending investments, the investment performance of our Affiliates and their ability to effectively market their investment strategies, and other risks detailed from time to time in AMG’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reference is hereby made to the “Risk Factors” set forth in the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013.AMG routinely posts information that may be significant for investors in the Investor Relations section of its website, and encourages investors to consult that section regularly. For additional information, please visit www.amg.com.





Site MapContact UsLegal Information



	© 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
















	AMG Completes Investment in Veritas Asset Management






















AMG - Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.



Go




Home
News
USA

Websites:AsiaAustraliaCanadaEuropeMiddle EastUSA





About AMGAMG OverviewPhilosophyHistoryClientsProductsAMG FundsAMG Wealth PartnersAffiliatesManagement TeamProductsProducts OverviewClient TypesNew InvestmentsPartnership ApproachWhy Partnership WorksInvestment StructureInvestor RelationsInvestor OverviewPublic Filings & Other Financial InformationPress ReleasesAnnual ReportAnalyst CoverageShareholder InformationStock InformationCorporate GovernanceManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestor PresentationContact Us






News 

Back to All News

Affiliated Managers Group Inc. (ticker: AMG, exchange: New York Stock Exchange)News Release - 31-October-2014


Investor Relations:    
Media Relations:    


Alexandra Lynn
Laura O'Brien


(617)747-3300
(617)747-3300


ir@amg.com
pr@amg.com



AMG Completes Investment in Veritas Asset ManagementBOSTON and LONDON, October 31, 2014 – Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (NYSE: AMG), a global asset management company, today announced the completion of its investment in Veritas Asset Management LLP (“Veritas”).Founded in 2003, Veritas is a leading independent global and Asian equity manager with award-winning investment strategies that seek to deliver long-term real returns through both long-only and long-short mandates across both funds and segregated portfolios. With offices in London and Hong Kong, Veritas serves institutional and retail investors in the United Kingdom and around the world. The firm has generated excellent long-term investment performance through the Veritas Real Return Approach, an investment philosophy focused on protecting and growing the real value of clients’ capital, always analyzing potential investments through fundamental research with a strong value discipline, and on an absolute basis rather than relative to any benchmark or index.As part of the transaction, Veritas’ senior professionals have agreed to long term commitments with the firm. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed.About Affiliated Managers GroupAMG is a global asset management company with equity investments in leading boutique investment management firms. AMG’s innovative partnership approach allows each Affiliate’s management team to own significant equity in their firm while maintaining operational autonomy. AMG’s strategy is to generate growth through the internal growth of existing Affiliates, as well as through investments in new Affiliates. In addition, AMG provides centralized assistance to its Affiliates in strategic matters, marketing, distribution, product development and operations. As of June 30, 2014, the aggregate assets under management of AMG’s Affiliates were approximately $625 billion, pro forma for the investment in Veritas Asset Management, in more than 400 investment products across a broad range of investment styles, asset classes and distribution channels. For more information, please visit the Company’s website at www.amg.com.

Certain matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those projected in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including changes in the securities or financial markets or in general economic conditions, the availability of equity and debt financing, competition for acquisitions of interests in investment management firms, the ability to close pending investments, the investment performance of our Affiliates and their ability to effectively market their investment strategies, and other risks detailed from time to time in AMG’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reference is hereby made to the “Risk Factors” set forth in the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013.AMG routinely posts information that may be significant for investors in the Investor Relations section of its website, and encourages investors to consult that section regularly. For additional information, please visit www.amg.com. 
###





Site MapContact UsLegal Information



	© 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



















Veritas Investment Management



































 info@veritasinvestment.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 3740 8350 

Real return investment
We are a successful independent investment boutique managing portfolios for UK and international private investors, trusts and charities. 
We are independently owned by the Partners and employees.  Since our foundation in 1993, we have focused on a single objective – protecting and growing the real value of our clients’ capital over the long term.

Our team
 See all »



 Mark  Rayward
 Stewart Newton
 Anthony Rosenfelder
 Meg Woods
 Ross Ciesla
 Charles Prickett
 Will White
 Caroline Mair
 Deborah Oakley
 Catriona Hoare
 Alexandra Dick
 Mike O'Brien
 Gemma Paramor
 Cordelia Bowdery
 Arthur Ntale
 Philippa Bliss
 James Moncrieff
 Richard Vernon
 Archana Mohan

















Veritas Asset Management LLP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback































veritas asset management llp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Veritas Asset Management LLP operates as an investment management firm. The Company provides portfolio management services. Veritas Asset Management serves institutional clients in the United Kingdom.




Corporate Information
Address:

90 Long Acre
London, WC2E 9RA
United Kingdom


Phone:
44-20-3758-9900


Fax:
44-20-3070-0990


Web url:
www.veritas-asset.com





Board Members




Chairman/Partner/Fund Manager
Company


Charles Richardson
Veritas Asset Management LLP


























From The Web











Key Executives


Charles Richardson


Chairman/Partner/Fund Manager




Ian Barnes


Chief Executive Officer




Douglas Cairns


Director:Asian Bus Dev




Marka Bowe


Director:Human Resources




Richard Grant


Partner/COO




Andy Headley


Partner/Head:Global




Ezra Sun


Partner/Fund Manager




Sandeep Bandesha


General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































About - VeritasVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?Veritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our PartnershipEstablished in 2003, the company is run with a partnership structure and culture. We have offices in London and Hong Kong.Veritas Asset Management is led by five Managing Partners: Charles Richardson (Fund Manager and Chairman), Andy Headley (Fund Manager and Head of Global), Ezra Sun (Fund Manager and Head of Asia), Ian Barnes (Chief Executive Officer) and Richard Grant (Chief Operating Officer).Meet our teamWe offer both Global and Asian equity strategies which have distinct investment teams dedicated to the products offered within those strategies.GlobalAsiaexpandOur PhilosophySince our foundation in 2003 the Veritas philosophy has been built upon two founding principles of Real Returns and Partnership.Real ReturnsWe manage money on behalf of clients following our Veritas Real Return Approach, implemented by an investment team with substantial experience and a proven long term track record. The approach demands that all potential investments are analysed from an absolute basis rather than relative to any benchmark or index. The focus is on protecting and growing client’s capital in real terms with exceeding an equity benchmark a fall out of that process.PartnershipOur business is run with a partnership structure and culture. We align our interests as owners in partnership with our clients. Our partners and employees are invested alongside our clients on the same terms. We are an investment-led organisation that controls the growth of our business. It’s important to us that clients fully understand our approach and share a similar objective or mind-set.expandOur Key PrinciplesThe key principles of the firm can be summarised as:1Focused on protecting and growing the real value of clients’ capital.2Partnership structure and culture.3Alignment of interests with clients through controlled growth, co-investment and investment objectives.4Investment-led culture and independence. The context investors work within is critical.5Broad spread of clients with a focus on our core capabilities.6Genuine long term perspective. Investments made with a 5 year plus time frame.7Integrity. We avoid herd-like mentality and we are not ‘all things to all people’ whether in investment or in appealing to clients.CloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.comAsia - VeritasVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?The Veritas Asian strategies are focused on protecting and growing the real value of clients’ capital over our rolling 5 year investment horizon or a full economic cycle.Asian OverviewThe investment process starts with a top down approach focused on identifying trends and themes as well as other macro-economic factors which offer characteristics to look for in companies. This is followed by fundamental stock analysis to identify the likely beneficiaries and then strict valuation discipline to pay the right price.
Given the nature of the Asian markets the strategies not only invest in ‘core’ companies that deliver sustainable growth in excess of the market and that typically deliver above average yield, they also invest in cyclical and special situations positions that are benefiting from shorter term price catalysts. These may be short positions as well as long, depending on the strategy.The Veritas Asian Fund is long only with an objective relative to an index. The Veritas China Fund and Real Return Asian Fund are long/short strategies where the objectives are absolute in nature.expandAsian StrategiesVeritas Asian Characteristics– Pan Asian long only strategy investing in equities in Asia Pacific ex Japan.
– Objective is to achieve long term growth of capital over and above the MSCI AC Asia-Pacific ex Japan, with lower than market volatility.
– Focus on quality companies that benefit from long term structural growth as well as opportunities in quality cyclical winners and special situations.
– Positions will be mostly in large cap companies.
– Available as a segregated portfolio.
– Available as a Fund (Veritas Asian Fund).expandVeritas China Characteristics– Long/short fund investing in equities in Chinese corporates or China related corporates irrespective of their countries of listing.
– Objective is to achieve long term capital growth with low volatility. Aims to achieve real returns irrespective of market conditions rather than reference to an index. 
– Focus on quality companies that benefit from long term structural growth as well as opportunities in quality cyclical winners and special situations.
– Positions will be mostly in large cap companies.
– Available as a Fund (Veritas China Fund).expandReal Return Asian Characteristics– Monthly dealing long/short Pan Asian fund investing in equities in the Asia Pacific region.
– The Fund's objective is to achieve long term capital growth. More specifically, the Fund’s target is to achieve an absolute return on a compound annualised basis of 10%.
– Focus on quality companies that benefit from long term structural growth as well as opportunities in quality cyclical winners and special situations.
– Positions will be mostly in large cap companies.
– Available as a QIAIF managed in accordance with AIFMD (The Real Return Asian Fund).expandCloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.comFund literature - VeritasVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?Fund literature1Veritas Funds PLC—Key Investor Information Documents2Veritas Common Contractual Funds—Key Investor Information DocumentsCloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.comGlobal - VeritasVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?The Veritas Global strategies are focused on protecting and growing the real value of clients’ capital over our rolling 5 year investment horizon or a full economic cycle.Global OverviewThe investment process utilises a number of methods including themes to help identify industries and companies that are well positioned to benefit from medium term growth regardless of where they are located. These investment candidates are then subject to rigorous bottom up analysis culminating in detailed absolute valuations and where applicable, an assessment of the level and sustainability of dividend yield.The aim of investment at Veritas is to generate excellent total real returns with minimal risk of permanent capital loss. As a result capital preservation and growth are considered paramount in the investment process and consequently our mindset is one of real returns. The process encompasses a global approach as we do not believe in artificially constraining our investment universe and want the flexibility to seek excellent investments wherever they may be located.There are two phases to the Veritas real return approach. The aim of the first phase of the process is to select good quality companies for entry to our "universe of investable companies". The second phase is constructing a portfolio from stocks in the universe by remaining patient in order to pay the right price. Cash can be held in order to facilitate that patience.The investment process is the same for all Global strategies. The difference lies at the portfolio construction stage. The Global Focus strategy is the most unconstrained. The Global Equity Income strategy aims to pay a high sustainable dividend and will be more constrained in the stocks that can be bought. The Global Real Return strategy seeks to further protect the downside by the use of index derivatives.expandGlobal StrategiesVeritas Global Focus Characteristics– Concentrated global equity portfolio (25-40 positions) investing in mid to large capitalisation companies.
– Fundamentally driven portfolio with an investment horizon of 5 years or a full economic cycle.
– Identify and analyse only quality companies.
– Value disciplined. Only invest when attractive real returns achievable.
– Targeting annualised portfolios returns of OECD G7 CPI + 6-10% p.a. over rolling 5 year periods.
– Available as a segregated portfolio.
– Available as a Fund (Veritas Global Focus Fund / Veritas Global Focus Common Contractual Fund).expandVeritas Global Equity Income Characteristics– High and sustainable equity yield.
– Concentrated global equity portfolio investing in mid to large capitalisation companies.
– Fundamentally driven portfolio with an investment horizon of 5 years or a full economic cycle.
– Identify and analyse only quality companies.
– Value disciplined. Only invest when attractive real returns achievable.
– Targeting annualised portfolios returns of OECD G7 CPI + 6-10% p.a. over rolling 5 year periods.
– Available as a segregated portfolio.
– Available as a Fund (Veritas Global Equity Income Fund).expandVeritas Global Real Return Characteristics– Concentrated global equity Fund investing in mid to large capitalisation companies.
– Fundamentally driven portfolio with an investment horizon of  5 years or a full economic cycle.
– Identify and analyse only quality companies.
– Value disciplined. Only invest when attractive real returns achievable.
– Hedging through the use of index options and futures as appropriate.
– Targeting annualised returns of OECD G7 CPI +4% p.a. over rolling 5 year periods.
– Available as a Fund (Veritas Global Real Return Fund).expandVeritas Izoard Characteristics– Highly concentrated global equity portfolio (8-25 positions) investing in mid to large capitalisation companies.
– Can hold a significant portion of the portfolio in cash.
– Fundamentally driven portfolio with an investment horizon of 5 years or a full economic cycle.
– Identify and analyse only quality companies.
– Value disciplined. Only invest when attractive real returns achievable.
– Targeting annualised portfolios returns of OECD G7 CPI + 8% p.a. over rolling 5 year periods
– Available as a segregated portfolio.
– Available as a Fund (Veritas Izoard Fund).expandCloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.comVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?News & Literature newsVeritas Asset Management partners with Affiliated Managers Group— 04.05.2016Posted by: Veritas Asset ManagementCloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.comAbout - VeritasVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?Veritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our PartnershipEstablished in 2003, the company is run with a partnership structure and culture. We have offices in London and Hong Kong.Veritas Asset Management is led by five Managing Partners: Charles Richardson (Fund Manager and Chairman), Andy Headley (Fund Manager and Head of Global), Ezra Sun (Fund Manager and Head of Asia), Ian Barnes (Chief Executive Officer) and Richard Grant (Chief Operating Officer).Meet our teamWe offer both Global and Asian equity strategies which have distinct investment teams dedicated to the products offered within those strategies.GlobalAsiaexpandOur PhilosophySince our foundation in 2003 the Veritas philosophy has been built upon two founding principles of Real Returns and Partnership.Real ReturnsWe manage money on behalf of clients following our Veritas Real Return Approach, implemented by an investment team with substantial experience and a proven long term track record. The approach demands that all potential investments are analysed from an absolute basis rather than relative to any benchmark or index. The focus is on protecting and growing client’s capital in real terms with exceeding an equity benchmark a fall out of that process.PartnershipOur business is run with a partnership structure and culture. We align our interests as owners in partnership with our clients. Our partners and employees are invested alongside our clients on the same terms. We are an investment-led organisation that controls the growth of our business. It’s important to us that clients fully understand our approach and share a similar objective or mind-set.expandOur Key PrinciplesThe key principles of the firm can be summarised as:1Focused on protecting and growing the real value of clients’ capital.2Partnership structure and culture.3Alignment of interests with clients through controlled growth, co-investment and investment objectives.4Investment-led culture and independence. The context investors work within is critical.5Broad spread of clients with a focus on our core capabilities.6Genuine long term perspective. Investments made with a 5 year plus time frame.7Integrity. We avoid herd-like mentality and we are not ‘all things to all people’ whether in investment or in appealing to clients.CloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.comHomepage - VeritasVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?We are an independently managed investment company whose key objective is to deliver long term real returns for our clients.Real Return InvestingOur strategiesWe offer both Global and Asian equity strategies which have distinct investment teams dedicated to the products offered within those strategies.Global AsiaOur fundsView Fund information, documentation, prices and dividends.View FundsOur Managing PartnersCharles RichardsonFund Manager and ChairmanexpandCo-Fund Manager of the Veritas Global strategies. Founder Partner of The Real Return Group in 2003. Vice Chairman, Chief Investment Officer and Fund Manager Newton Investment Management 1993 to 2002. Director and Head of UK Equities, County NatWest Investment Management 1986 to 1993. Military service 1980 to 1985. Education: MA, MBA, FCSI.Andy HeadleyFund Manager and Head of GlobalexpandCo-Fund Manager of the Veritas Global strategies. Joined the company in 2003. Analyst and Portfolio Manager WP Stewart 2001 to 2003. Analyst and Portfolio Manager Newton Investment Management 1996 to 2001. Tax Consultant, Price Waterhouse 1993 to 1996. Education: Chartered Accountant, BSc, ASIP.Ezra SunFund Manager and Head of AsiaexpandFund Manager of the Veritas Asian strategies. Joined the company in 2004. Director of Investment Management and Investment Leader Asia Newton Investment Management 1995 to 2004. In charge of Newton’s Asia Pacific fund range including Newton Oriental Fund and Mellon Asia Equity Fund. Education: BA, (Nankai University, China), MA, (Nankai University, China), Research Student Cambridge University.Ian BarnesChief Executive OfficerexpandCEO of Veritas Asset Management LLP. Joined the company in 2017. Head of UK & Ireland (CEO of Legal Entities), UBS Asset Management 2012 to 2016. Multiple roles at Russell Investments 2001 to 2012. Investment Consultant, Towers Perrin 1996 to 2001. Lloyds of London graduate scheme 1995 to 1996. Education: MA (Cambridge), IMC.Richard GrantChief Operating OfficerexpandPartner and Chief Operating Officer of Veritas Asset Management LLP. Joined the company in 2004. European Finance Director, Perry Capital 2000 to 2003. Manager of Corporate Reporting, Merrill Lynch 1995 to 2000. Assistant Manager, KPMG, Edinburgh 1988 to 1995. Education: Chartered Accountant, MA (Edinburgh), AMCT (Associate Member of Corporate Treasurers).View the whole teamCloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.com
