










 




	AMG Announces Investment in Veritas Asset Management






















AMG - Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.



Go




Home
News
USA

Websites:AsiaAustraliaCanadaEuropeMiddle EastUSA





About AMGAMG OverviewPhilosophyHistoryClientsProductsAMG FundsAMG Wealth PartnersAffiliatesManagement TeamProductsProducts OverviewClient TypesNew InvestmentsPartnership ApproachWhy Partnership WorksInvestment StructureInvestor RelationsInvestor OverviewPublic Filings & Other Financial InformationPress ReleasesAnnual ReportAnalyst CoverageShareholder InformationStock InformationCorporate GovernanceManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestor PresentationContact Us





Investor Relations 

Back to All Press Releases

Affiliated Managers Group Inc. (ticker: AMG, exchange: New York Stock Exchange)News Release - 29-April-2014


AMGInvestor Relations:    
AMGMedia Relations:    
Veritas Asset Management LLPMedia Relations:


Alexandra Lynn
Laura O'Brien
Eoin Brophy


(617)747-3300
(617)747-3300
+44 (0)20 3440 5656


ir@amg.com
pr@amg.com
eoin.brophy@humebrophy.com



AMG Announces Investment in Veritas Asset ManagementBOSTON and LONDON, April 29, 2014 – Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (NYSE: AMG), a global asset management company, has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a majority equity interest in Veritas Asset Management LLP (“Veritas”). After the closing of the transaction, the management partners of Veritas will continue to hold a substantial portion of the equity of the business and direct its day-to-day operations.Founded in 2003, Veritas is a leading independent global and Asian equity manager with award-winning investment strategies that seek to deliver long-term real returns for clients through both long-only and long-short mandates.  With offices in London and Hong Kong, Veritas manages approximately £10 billion ($17 billion) across both funds and segregated portfolios for institutional and retail investors in the United Kingdom and around the world.  Veritas has generated strong investment performance for its clients through the Veritas Real Return Approach, an investment philosophy focused on protecting and growing the real value of clients’ capital, always analyzing potential investments through fundamental research with a strong value discipline, and on an absolute basis rather than relative to any benchmark or index.With a team of 32 professionals, Veritas is led by four Partners:  Charles Richardson (Chairman and Fund Manager), Andy Headley (Fund Manager and Head of Global), who together lead the global equity business, Ezra Sun (Fund Manager and Head of Asia), and Richard Grant (Chief Operating Officer). Veritas has received numerous awards for outstanding performance, including “Best Global Fund Manager” by Morningstar Europe in 2012; its Global Focus Fund and Global Equity Income Fund are rated five- and four-stars, respectively, by Morningstar.“We are very pleased to partner with Veritas Asset Management, one of the industry’s most highly regarded global equity managers.  We have tremendous respect for the experience and talent of the management team at Veritas, and believe the firm is well-positioned for additional growth and continued success,” said Sean M. Healey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AMG. “We look forward to working with our new partners on a variety of initiatives to enhance the firm’s forward growth and development.”“AMG’s unique partnership approach preserves our operational autonomy and investment independence, whilst enhancing our ability to serve our clients and ensuring the longevity and stability of our firm,” said Mr. Richardson.  “We believe AMG is the ideal partner for Veritas given their understanding of, and appreciation for, the essential elements for the long-term success of investment management boutiques.”As part of the transaction, Veritas’ senior professionals have agreed to long-term commitments with the firm. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed.About Affiliated Managers GroupAMG is a global asset management company with equity investments in leading boutique investment management firms. AMG’s innovative partnership approach allows each Affiliate’s management team to own significant equity in their firm while maintaining operational autonomy. AMG’s strategy is to generate growth through the internal growth of existing Affiliates, as well as through investments in new Affiliates. In addition, AMG provides centralized assistance to its Affiliates in strategic matters, marketing, distribution, product development and operations. As of March 31, 2014, the aggregate assets under management of AMG’s Affiliates were approximately $594 billion, pro forma for pending investments, in more than 400 investment products across a broad range of investment styles, asset classes and distribution channels. For more information, please visit the Company’s website at www.amg.com.

Certain matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those projected in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including changes in the securities or financial markets or in general economic conditions, the availability of equity and debt financing, competition for acquisitions of interests in investment management firms, the ability to close pending investments, the investment performance of our Affiliates and their ability to effectively market their investment strategies, and other risks detailed from time to time in AMG’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reference is hereby made to the “Risk Factors” set forth in the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013.AMG routinely posts information that may be significant for investors in the Investor Relations section of its website, and encourages investors to consult that section regularly. For additional information, please visit www.amg.com.





Site MapContact UsLegal Information



	© 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



















Contact us


































 info@veritasinvestment.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 3740 8350 

Contact us



London
Zurich
Submit an enquiry




London
Veritas Investment Management LLP90 Long AcreLondonWC2E 9RATel: +44 (0) 20 3740 8350Fax: +44 (0) 20 3004 1854Email (general enquiries): info@veritasinvestment.co.uk
To speak to a specific person, please view our team page.

 


Zurich
Veritas Investment Management AG Genferstrasse 218002 ZürichSwitzerlandTel: + 41 44 206 2660Fax: +41 44 206 2661Email (general enquiries): info@veritasinvestment.ch
To speak to a specific person, please view our team page.
 
 



First namePlease enter first name
Last namePlease enter last name
Email addressPlease enter email address
Telephone numberPlease enter telephone number
Street address
MessagePlease enter message


Thank you for contacting us, we will be in touch with you shortly.
























About Veritas


































 info@veritasinvestment.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 3740 8350 

About Veritas



Our Company
Our history
Our philosophy
Awards
Our news




Our Company
We are an independently owned investment management boutique with a strong partnership culture. We offer our clients the benefits of independence, stability and a long-term perspective.   
We focus on generating real returns.  This means protecting and growing the purchasing power of our clients’ capital. Founded on a global thematic approach and using proprietary research, we have a track record of superior investment performance with below average volatility.
Our investment team has on average over 20 years' investment experience and we take pride in offering our clients a personal service.  We have offices in London and Zurich and we currently manage over £2 billion.


Our history
The business was originally founded in Zurich in 1993 by Anthony Rosenfelder and a London office was opened in 1996.  In 2004, Stewart Newton, the founder of Newton Investment Management, joined the group.  We have always understood and valued the importance of stability within investment management companies and in January 2013 the group restructured to ensure that the management of the business was aligned and focused on its clients.  The current group structure emerged at that time


Our philosophy
Our philosophy and culture stand out amongst our peers, guided by two founding principles.
Real ReturnsOur investment philosophy is aligned with our clients' objectives – to protect and grow the power of their capital over the long term.  We focus on real returns and consider risk as the potential for permanent capital loss.  Our sole aim is to deliver long-term real returns, ahead of inflation, to our clients. Over 20 years, we have consistently achieved this aim by adhering to our common sense investment philosophy and process.
PartnershipWe have a deep-rooted culture of partnership.  The investment team comprises fourteen experienced investment professionals who are committed to providing a personal service to all our clients.  We are independently owned by the partners and employees, which creates stability and focuses us on achieving client objectives. 
 


Awards
For many years we have been recognised by our peers through a number of industry awards.  However, the stability of our client base tells us everything we need to know – people entrust us with their money and they stay with us.



     
    
    
   





 


 
 
 
 




Winner PAM Award for Investment Performance, Growth Portfolios - 2017
Winner Platinum Award, Investment Performance Aggressive Portfolios - Portfolio Advisor 2017
Winner Investment Performance Steady Growth Portfolios - Citywire Wealth Manager Awards 2016
Ross Ciesla named a PAM Top 40 under 40 2014
Portfolio Advisor - Wealth Manager Platinum Award 2014
Stewart Newton wins PAM Lifetime Achievement Award 2013
Winner Investment Performance Steady Growth Portfolios - Citywire Wealth Manager Awards 2011
Winner Small Firm - Citywire Wealth Manager Awards 2010 & 2011
Winner Investment Performance - Defensive Portfolios PAM Awards 2011
Winner Investment Performance - Growth Portfolios PAM Awards 2011
Winner Asset Management Firm (UHNW) - Spear's Wealth Management Awards 2011
Winner Investment Performance Balanced Portfolios - Citywire Wealth Manager Awards 2010
Winner Investment Performance Steady Growth Portfolios - Citywire Wealth Manager Awards 2010
Winner Investment Performance - Defensive Portfolios PAM Awards 2010
Winner Image & Reputation High Net Worth - PAM Awards 2010
Winner Best Balanced Wealth Manager - FT/IC Wealth Management Awards 2009 & 2010
Winner Investment Performance - Growth Portfolios PAM Awards 2009



Living Wage Foundation
We are pleased to announce that from 17th October 2014 we have been accredited as a Living Wage employer by the Living Wage Foundation.
The Living Wage commitment will see everyone working at Veritas Investment Management LLP, regardless of whether they are permanent employees or third-party contractors and suppliers, receive a minimum hourly wage of £9.15 - significantly higher than the national minimum wage of £6.50.
The Living Wage is an hourly rate set independently and updated annually. The Living Wage is calculated according to the basic cost of living using the ‘Minimum Income Standard’ for the UK. Decisions about what to include in this standard are set by the public; it is a social consensus about what people need to make ends meet.
Employers choose to pay the Living Wage on a voluntary basis. The Living Wage enjoys cross party support, with public backing from the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition.
























Our investment services


































 info@veritasinvestment.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 3740 8350 

Our investment services



Investment Services
Our investment approach
Client services and reporting




Investment Services
We manage investments on a discretionary basis for UK and international private investors, trusts and charities with a minimum of £3m or currency equivalent.  Typically, we invest directly in individual global securities. 
Each client has an investment manager responsible for their portfolio.  We do not employ relationship managers because we think it is important that clients speak directly to the person who is making the investment decisions.  The investment managers are supported by a portfolio assistant.  They are a key point of contact for any administrative matters and are in constant communication with the custodian.


Our investment approach

We have a long-term, real return investment focus which aligns our investment process and selection with our clients’ objectives and goals.  The result of this philosophy is that in individual years we do, and will, have significant differences against indices and “passive” managers.  However, our investment record demonstrates that we have delivered consistent, risk-adjusted, long-term real returns for our clients.
We invest globally on a best ideas, unindexed basis. We believe that as investors we should seek global opportunities for real returns rather than focusing on any specific country or region given businesses increasingly operate in global context.  The location of a stock market listing is less relevant today given that borders are blurring.
We aim to find companies where structural shifts are creating demand for their products or services. While economic cycles are almost impossible to predict, structural growth can be both long-term in nature and relatively insulated from the economic cycle. Indeed companies that benefit from structural shifts should be able to consistently grow their earnings and cash flow per share over a multi-year period, irrespective of the economic environment. Provided you buy that company’s equity at a sensible valuation, you are likely to have a successful long-term investment that delivers a real return.  Should we not be able to find equities which we believe will provide real returns, or worse are overvalued and might expose the client to meaningful loss in the medium to long term, we would be prepared to remain heavily in cash and/or investment grade bonds.



Client services and reporting
Our service and reporting to our clients takes two forms, written and personal.  We recommend meeting clients at least once a year to discuss the portfolio; however we are delighted to meet more frequently if required.
Performance statistics, valuations with bank statements and transaction details, prepared by the custodian, are generally sent out quarterly.  Our Market Musings published each quarter sets out our current investment views and strategy.
























Veritas Investment Management



































 info@veritasinvestment.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 3740 8350 

Real return investment
We are a successful independent investment boutique managing portfolios for UK and international private investors, trusts and charities. 
We are independently owned by the Partners and employees.  Since our foundation in 1993, we have focused on a single objective – protecting and growing the real value of our clients’ capital over the long term.

Our team
 See all »



 Mark  Rayward
 Stewart Newton
 Anthony Rosenfelder
 Meg Woods
 Ross Ciesla
 Charles Prickett
 Will White
 Caroline Mair
 Deborah Oakley
 Catriona Hoare
 Alexandra Dick
 Mike O'Brien
 Gemma Paramor
 Cordelia Bowdery
 Arthur Ntale
 Philippa Bliss
 James Moncrieff
 Richard Vernon
 Archana Mohan




















Regulatory Information


































 info@veritasinvestment.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 3740 8350 

Regulatory Information
It is important that you read this as it explains certain legal and regulatory restrictions applicable to the investment services we provide.
This website is not intended for any use, which would be contrary to the law or regulation of the place in which you live. In particular, this website is not aimed at persons who are residents of any country where the investment services and products described or referred to in this website are not registered or approved for marketing and sale or in which the dissemination of information about them is not permitted.
This website and its contents are neither intended nor able to sell services or products over the Internet. They are only for the convenience and information of internet viewers.
This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.
Veritas Investment Management LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the conduct of its investment business. It is registered under number 584098. For more information click on www.fca.org.uk. The registered address of Veritas Investment Management LLP is 90 Long Acre, London, WC2E 9RA.
Veritas Investment Management AG, the associate company of Veritas Investment Management LLP, is incorporated in Switzerland and is a member of the Swiss Association of Asset Managers. It is not an authorised person under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly, the protections provided by the UK regulatory system do not apply to the operations of Veritas Investment Management AG described in this brochure and customers of Veritas Investment Management AG will not be protected by the UK Investors Compensation Scheme.
Advice
Veritas does not offer investment advice on the merits or suitability of the funds described in this website and no information contained within this website should be construed as such. If you are in doubt, you should seek advice from a professional financial adviser.
Risk Warnings

Past performance is not a guide to future performance.
The value of investments and the income from them may fluctuate and are not guaranteed.
Investors may not get back the whole amount they have invested.
Changes in rates of exchange between currencies may cause the value of investments to diminish or to increase.

Policy Documents

Brokerage & Research Policy (PDF) 
Conflicts of Interest (PDF)
Complaints Policy (PDF)
Order Execution Policy (PDF)
Pillar 3 Disclosure (PDF)
Treating Customers Fairly (PDF)
UK Stewardship Code (PDF)
ABC Policy (PDF)

 



















Eleanor Sutton


































 « Back to our team: 
Eleanor 
Sutton
Project Assistant 

Office: 020 3740 2134
 Email Eleanor Sutton


 Download V-card 




Present: 
Project Assistant, Veritas Investment Management LLP. Past: 
Product Executive, Ansbacher & Co. Ltd 2004 to 2008. 
Education:
BA (Hons) Business Administration, Bristol Business School. 
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Our team


































 info@veritasinvestment.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 3740 8350 

Our team




Investment team


Support Team


Zurich team











MarkRayward





Stewart Newton





Anthony Rosenfelder





Meg Woods





Ross Ciesla





Charles Prickett





Will White





Caroline Mair





Deborah Oakley





Catriona Hoare





Alexandra Dick





MikeO'Brien





GemmaParamor





CordeliaBowdery





Arthur Ntale





Philippa Bliss





JamesMoncrieff





RichardVernon





Archana Mohan 











Alison Fawcett





Eleanor Sutton





Sandra Guthrie





Kenneth Broom





BenEaton





IanSutherland





LaurenLetley





EdmundLewis





Chloe Hoy





Victoria Birchall





Debra Evans





LizMoore





FayBenecke-Kay





LucyRoberts





Jackie Gooch











ClaudiaVorsteher-Schillig





Claire Gallagher





Agnieszka Weder





Evelyne Haltenberger





Rupert Bridgman






















About - VeritasVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?Veritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our PartnershipEstablished in 2003, the company is run with a partnership structure and culture. We have offices in London and Hong Kong.Veritas Asset Management is led by five Managing Partners: Charles Richardson (Fund Manager and Chairman), Andy Headley (Fund Manager and Head of Global), Ezra Sun (Fund Manager and Head of Asia), Ian Barnes (Chief Executive Officer) and Richard Grant (Chief Operating Officer).Meet our teamWe offer both Global and Asian equity strategies which have distinct investment teams dedicated to the products offered within those strategies.GlobalAsiaexpandOur PhilosophySince our foundation in 2003 the Veritas philosophy has been built upon two founding principles of Real Returns and Partnership.Real ReturnsWe manage money on behalf of clients following our Veritas Real Return Approach, implemented by an investment team with substantial experience and a proven long term track record. The approach demands that all potential investments are analysed from an absolute basis rather than relative to any benchmark or index. The focus is on protecting and growing client’s capital in real terms with exceeding an equity benchmark a fall out of that process.PartnershipOur business is run with a partnership structure and culture. We align our interests as owners in partnership with our clients. Our partners and employees are invested alongside our clients on the same terms. We are an investment-led organisation that controls the growth of our business. It’s important to us that clients fully understand our approach and share a similar objective or mind-set.expandOur Key PrinciplesThe key principles of the firm can be summarised as:1Focused on protecting and growing the real value of clients’ capital.2Partnership structure and culture.3Alignment of interests with clients through controlled growth, co-investment and investment objectives.4Investment-led culture and independence. The context investors work within is critical.5Broad spread of clients with a focus on our core capabilities.6Genuine long term perspective. Investments made with a 5 year plus time frame.7Integrity. We avoid herd-like mentality and we are not ‘all things to all people’ whether in investment or in appealing to clients.CloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.com

Veritas Investment Management LLP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
































veritas investment management llp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Veritas Investment Management LLP operates as an investment management company. The Company offers asset and portfolio management, fundamental planning, and advisory services. Veritas Investment Management serves private investors, trusts, and charities worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

90 Long Acre
London, WC2E 9RA
United Kingdom


Phone:
44-20-3740-8350


Fax:
44-20-3004-1854


Web url:
www.veritasinvestment.co.uk





Board Members




Chair:Veritas Invsmt Partner
Company


Stewart Newton
Real Return Co Ltd


























From The Web











Key Executives


Mark Rayward


CEO/Partner/Investment Manager




Stewart W Newton


Chair:Veritas Invsmt Partner




Ross Ciesla


Partner/Investment Manager




Charles Prickett


Partner/Investment Manager




William White "Will"


Partner/Investment Manager




Caroline Mair


Partner/Investment Manager




Meg Woods


Partner




Catriona Hoare


Partner:Investment




Alexandra Dick


Partner:Investment



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Homepage - VeritasVeritasMenuarrowLog inBy logging in you are agreeing to our Terms of useForgot your password?We are an independently managed investment company whose key objective is to deliver long term real returns for our clients.Real Return InvestingOur strategiesWe offer both Global and Asian equity strategies which have distinct investment teams dedicated to the products offered within those strategies.Global AsiaOur fundsView Fund information, documentation, prices and dividends.View FundsOur Managing PartnersCharles RichardsonFund Manager and ChairmanexpandCo-Fund Manager of the Veritas Global strategies. Founder Partner of The Real Return Group in 2003. Vice Chairman, Chief Investment Officer and Fund Manager Newton Investment Management 1993 to 2002. Director and Head of UK Equities, County NatWest Investment Management 1986 to 1993. Military service 1980 to 1985. Education: MA, MBA, FCSI.Andy HeadleyFund Manager and Head of GlobalexpandCo-Fund Manager of the Veritas Global strategies. Joined the company in 2003. Analyst and Portfolio Manager WP Stewart 2001 to 2003. Analyst and Portfolio Manager Newton Investment Management 1996 to 2001. Tax Consultant, Price Waterhouse 1993 to 1996. Education: Chartered Accountant, BSc, ASIP.Ezra SunFund Manager and Head of AsiaexpandFund Manager of the Veritas Asian strategies. Joined the company in 2004. Director of Investment Management and Investment Leader Asia Newton Investment Management 1995 to 2004. In charge of Newton’s Asia Pacific fund range including Newton Oriental Fund and Mellon Asia Equity Fund. Education: BA, (Nankai University, China), MA, (Nankai University, China), Research Student Cambridge University.Ian BarnesChief Executive OfficerexpandCEO of Veritas Asset Management LLP. Joined the company in 2017. Head of UK & Ireland (CEO of Legal Entities), UBS Asset Management 2012 to 2016. Multiple roles at Russell Investments 2001 to 2012. Investment Consultant, Towers Perrin 1996 to 2001. Lloyds of London graduate scheme 1995 to 1996. Education: MA (Cambridge), IMC.Richard GrantChief Operating OfficerexpandPartner and Chief Operating Officer of Veritas Asset Management LLP. Joined the company in 2004. European Finance Director, Perry Capital 2000 to 2003. Manager of Corporate Reporting, Merrill Lynch 1995 to 2000. Assistant Manager, KPMG, Edinburgh 1988 to 1995. Education: Chartered Accountant, MA (Edinburgh), AMCT (Associate Member of Corporate Treasurers).View the whole teamCloseVeritas Asset Management has the key investment objective of delivering long term real returns to its clients. Our aim is to both protect and grow the purchasing power of our clients’ capital over time.Our website is designed to run on modern, compatible web-browsers with Javascript enabled. It looks like your browser is not compatible with our full website. You can find a list of compatible browsers here.Veritas Asset Management LLP 
90 Long Acre, London WC2E 9RAT +44 (0) 20 3758 9900F +44 (0) 20 3070 0990investorservices@veritas-asset.com


	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































