

















Home
Career
DT PERFORMING ARTS
Contact Us













Welcome To Rebecca Joelle Verrier! PROFESSIONAL ENTERTAINMENT SERVICES as a Vocalist, Actress, Dancer, Artistic Director for all types of Adult and Kids shows, Producer, International and National Entertainer, Musical Theatre Lead Roles, Corporate functions, Events, Recording Artist, Backing Vocalist , Session and Band work, Weddings, Funerals, Christenings, Birthday celebrations including all special occasions, workshop camp, Senior dance classes, Event co-ordinator, Tv presenter, Host, Beauty Treatments and Facials including massages  ( Mary Kay Products / Beauty Specialist ) REVIEWS  Sept 24th 2006By Judy Thornburn, Las Vegas HappeningsLuxor TheatreAustralian born singer, exotic and beautiful Rebecca VerrierOctober 14th 2006Las Vegas WeeklyRebecca Verrier is powerhouse  July 13th 2007By Jennie Fitzhardinge, Sunday Times Perth NowRegal TheatreRebecca Verrier still managed to steal the show with a voice thatrecalls the likes of Aretha Franklin and Tina Turner.June 2nd 2007By Terry Byrne, Boston GlobeCiti Performing Arts Centre, Wang TheatreRebecca Verrier also changes the focus with hers singing. Verrier turnsespecially soulful with a sexy version of soft cell's "Tainted Love"that puts her right in the midst of dancing and a version of "ProudMary" that would make Ike and Tina Turner Proud.May 27th 2007By Tresca Weinstein, Times Union AlbanyProctor's Theatre, 432 State st SchenectadyHeadbobbing soundtrack of pop songs belted out by chameleonic Rebecca Verrier, whochannels Tina Turner, Aretha Franklin and Etta James with gusto.May 9th 2007By Steven Berketo, TorontoRaspy voiced songstress Rebecca Verrier belting out soft cell's tainted love. Sultry and saucy are two words to describe the moment pure ecstasy are a couple more.August 08 2007By Brian Jones, DANZ Aotearoa NZRebecca Verrier provides some powerful vocals......October 22nd 2006Personal Emails from audience membersBy Susan Wilson, Las VegasYour new vocalist is interpreted as a natural jazz / soul talent. You can'tmake up a gift like that -it has to be organically grown. The depth ofinterpretation of each song was a surprise from such young talent andyou sense her blossoming before your eyes into a masterful stagepresence.January 15th 1997Exclusive Acts, Six Pack PromotionsYoung new talent who sings both in French and English. By Phillip.Wood A special mention in a review Sydney Morning Herald.Rood Screen. By Donna Abella.Some excellent individual performances prevailed ,in particular that ofRebecca.Verriers who played Mary and was outstanding at adopting asoftness,tranqulity and poise both in vocal technique andphysicality-suitable and complimentary of her fantastic character.  


































Career
DT PERFORMING ARTS
Contact Us



© Copyright Rebecca Joelle Verrier 2015
Website Design by Havealook






    James Verrier | BorgWarner Inc. | ZoomInfo.com














James Verrier | Business Roundtable
 













































Skip to main content







Contact

General Inquiries202.872.1260info@brt.org
Mailing Address300 New Jersey Avenue, NWSuite 800Washington, D.C. 20001
Media ContactRayna ValentiDirector, Communicationsrvalenti@brt.org
 


Membership ContactLeAnne Redick WilsonSenior Vice President​lwilson@brt.org



All Staff

 



    


What is Business Roundtable

Business Roundtable (BRT) is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote sound public policy and a thriving U.S. economy.



Learn More About BRT

 







Contact
Growth Agenda
 


About
Issues & Committees
Resources
Media
Blog
 






            Search          








Sort by 
RelevanceDate created (indexed)




Order 
AscDesc



 


 
 


More Than Leaders. Leadership.



Business Roundtable is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote a thriving economy and expanded opportunity for all Americans through sound public policy. 
About BRT







AboutBoard of Directors
Committees
History of BRT
Members
Staff
Contact Us

 
 




banner-about-section.jpg

 






James Verrier





 President and CEO 
 BorgWarner Inc.  

 
 
Tweet 












James R. Verrier was named President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in January 2013.
He served as President and Chief Operating Officer BorgWarner Inc. from March 2012 through December 2012.
James held positions of increasingly significant responsibility since joining the company in 1989. He served as President and General Manager BorgWarner Morse TEC, and Vice President and General Manager BorgWarner Turbo Systems, Passenger Car Products based in Germany. His BorgWarner career experience also includes assignments in quality control, human resources and operations management.
Prior to joining BorgWarner he held positions within the quality engineering and metallurgy field with Lucas Aerospace, Rockwell Automotive and Britax Wingard in the United Kingdom.
He holds a degree in Metallurgy and Materials Science from West Midlands College in the UK as well as an MBA from the University of Glamorgan, also in the UK. 
 


 







  


 


Download PDF 
 









Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
RSS
 


Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Medium
 
 

 







































	Interview with James R. Verrier




































                                                            Land Rover Range Rover Svautobiography Dynamic for Rs 2.79 crore

                                                            Chandigarh's Gurmeet Virdi reclaims top spot on Day 3 of RFC India 2017

                                                            Datsun India launches redi-GO 1.0L for Rs 357333/-

                                                            Nexa brings in plush workshops to redefine car service in India

                                                            Kia Motors begins to rope in dealers partners through road shows

                                                            DSK Benelli 302R launched for Rs 3.48 lakh 

                                                            New Triumph Tiger Explorer XCx launched for Rs 18.75 lakh











































Next | Previous | View All

















                        Interview with James R. Verrier

                        President and CEO, BorgWarner Inc.


                        Date: 
                            01 Apr 2015 
                             | Author: P.Tharyan






BorgWarner is a global product leader in
powertrain solutions. The company focuses on developing leading powertrain
technologies that improve fuel economy, emissions and performance. Its
facilities are located across the globe to provide local support to its diverse
customer base. The company operates in two groups: The
Engine Group develops air management strategies and products to optimise
engines for fuel efficiency, reduced emissions and enhanced performance.
BorgWarner’s expertise includes engine timing systems, boosting systems,
ignition systems, air and noise management, cooling and controls. The
Drivetrain Group harnesses a legacy of more than 100 years as an industry
innovator in transmission and all-wheel drive technology. The group leverages
this understanding of powertrain clutching technology to develop interactive
control systems and strategies for all types of torque management. What are your plans for India and how do
you perceive the growth in this part of the world?BorgWarner’s
stated goal laid out in 2013 is for the company to become a US$ 15 billion
enterprise by 2020. It implies doubling the company in seven years which is
roughly a 10 pc growth rate. The way we plan to do that is to stay focused as a
powertrain leader and a technology leading company which is focused on
drivetrain and engine products and all products which we have or will have that
all enable the auto makers to achieve fuel economy, emission standards and the
driving performance they require. Where does India fit into that picture? Well in
the last few years the company is spread out half in Europe and the other half
split equally between the Americas and Asia. Over the next five years that will
change. We will become 40 pc in Europe, 30 pc in Asia and 30 pc in the
Americas. What that tells you is that the growth is still there in Europe but
is slowing down. That is because the vehicle growth is slow in Europe and we
have a very high saturation in all of our technology today. The two big growth
sectors are Asia and the Americas. In Asia we are basically focused on China
and India. We expect India to be a major contributor to that growth. BorgWarner
will be growing at the rate of 10 pc. I will expect the same for India as well.
We will surely look for more investment in India. When I look at the growth we
have in India, we will have to invest more in capital equipment and support the
programmes we have been awarded. I think you will see continued investment
around technical infrastructure capability. You will certainly see it on
production equipment to support the growth and in terms of new buildings we
will see how that plays over time but we will keep investing in India. When you talked of saturation in the
European market, saturation in what sense? Is it in terms of market growth or
technology?What
I said earlier is that BorgWarner has always grown much faster than the market
growth because of the adoption of our products. Europe has been part of that
growth when we have had very strong growth. What you see is that a lot of the
adoption of our product is much more main stream in Europe. For example, all
diesel passenger vehicles in Europe have turbochargers on them. Even the petrol
vehicles have turbochargers on them. If you contrast that on petrol turbochargers
for other parts of the world that penetration is very low. The reason is that
the emissions and fuel economy standards in Europe are tighter. A lot of our
products have been adopted and applied to the products in Europe but it will be
at a lower rate from what we have historically done, largely driven by a large
amount of our products which have penetrated into that space to help them meet
fuel economy and emission standards. The good news is that the technologies
applied in Europe over the last few years for emissions and regulations is
going to be the same technology being brought to India and China, so that is
going to be a great benefit to these countries. What are the different kinds of new product
development that BorgWarner is currently working on? We
constantly look to be inventing new products and technologies. The way we generally
think about it is that BorgWarner has always had innovation and technology for
the current products and we have to get them to the next level. Today we
produce a lot of technology for transmissions, 6-speed, and 7-speed and now you
probably know 9 and 10-speed transmissions. We have to develop and make sure we
have that. Long ago there were engines with one turbo, then two and now three
may be four who knows. There is always invention of new products to get to the
next level. BorgWarner has always been looking for brand new products, so as an
example in the last year or two we launched in the US market a product to work
with transmissions used in stop/start technology for automatic transmissions. We
launched the stop / start accumulator. What it does is it helps the
transmission function better for the driver when it goes into stop and start
mode. That is an example of what we have not done before. The other aspect of
next gen products are products that we bring into the portfolio through
acquisition as well. A very good example is the acquisition of Gustav Wahler
GmbH. That brought products like thermostats which was a brand new product for
BorgWarner. We will be making that here in India. There are multiple sources but
the way to think of it is that it is all going to be around powertrain, things
like thermal management products, valve train products, air management products,
etc. So it is exciting and that is why we spend a lot of money on R&D and
it is good for us. How do you see India as an export hub of
sorts feeding the European and North American markets? From
a BorgWarner perspective our strategy is to invest in the region, produce in
the region and engineer products in the region where it is consumed. That’s our
primary strategy, so we do very little of what I call export of finished goods.
The real strategy for India as an example is, we want to be able to do
engineering and manufacture of products to serve the local Indian markets. We
don’t do a lot of export of turbochargers or transmission products from India.
I would never say we never do because there is always a small example. Where I
see the opportunity in India is, we find component supply and support very
strong in India. In BorgWarner we buy a lot of components from India that we
use in Europe or North America and that will continue from a component supply
point of view. For example, we may source housings for turbochargers or similar
type of components. That is a strong element we will continue to use. One of the
things which help us a lot is the strong team we have on ground in India and as
those guys develop their local suppliers for India we also have the opportunity
then to use that same tier II supplier to supply other parts of BorgWarner
around the world.You are also focusing a lot on R&D in
the Indian context. Do you see India becoming a strategic hub for BorgWarner
globally for any particular range of products or technologies?As
I mentioned earlier, a lot of what we are going to be launching in India over
the next three years are derivatives of products existing in Europe. The base design
is already established and in production in Europe. What we are doing is
building local application engineering and designing, as well as testing and
validation work here. They can take accountability and responsibility to do
that locally with the customer. They can take a turbocharger in production in Europe
and adopt and modify it, adjust it and fit it for a local Indian customer.
Because they do that locally, they can also do it quickly and are very
responsive and can do the tests. That is what I think the next few years look
like. Would I see a possibility that we would do core research and development work
in India at the time? I would say that is possible. I think that is the next
step. The Indian team is busy with a lot of new products to launch, so we want
to walk before we run. But in the long haul, I think the engineering talent in
India is outstanding and can be utilised. Are you developing some new products for
the diesel engine market from your turbocharger division in terms of below
1000cc engines which are coming in now?We
work with everything from 15 L and 18 L engines for big trucks all the way down
to the 660cc engines. What we see is a very strong trend of downsized engines
is very much a theme and also boosting those engines. We provide products to
very small engines as well as large engines. It is not just turbochargers, we
make small engines for coolers and we provide timing drive products for 660cc
engines in Japan. The customer and the OEM will decide what engine optimisation
they want, whether they want to be at 660cc, 900cc or 1200cc. The customer
specifies the capacity and we tell them how we can optimise the engine or
transmission by showcasing products which can be applied.   You said India is important in the global
context for BorgWarner. What is going to be the strategy for your growth in
India? Is it going to be organic or inorganic?
I
think the majority of our growth will be organic. When I look at the products
we have today in our portfolio we have a lot of really great stuff and that is
going to drive the growth we need. As I said earlier we completed the
acquisition of Gustav Wahler GmbH last year and that is an immediate benefit
for India with some of those products applying here in India. I think it will
be a mix of organic and some acquisition along the way. We have a lot of good
products right now. A company has to bring in technology for us to acquire it. We
are looking for technology. What is interesting is when I look at Wahler and
other such acquisitions, they were privately owned by families in Europe and the
reason why they sold to BorgWarner was that they were under pressure from their
customers to go global.      

Tags 
 Borgwarner  powertrain  drivetrain  James Verrier









Next | Previous | View All


Related Posts






                        James R. Verrier
Date - 01 Apr 2015

                        President and CEO, BorgWarner Inc.



























 



recent
popular












                                                                    Mercedes-Benz drives in Mercedes-AMG G 63 ‘Edition 463’, GLS...
                                                                



                                                                        14 Jun 2017









                                                                    Salman Khan unveils Being Human E-Cycles for Rs 40,000 onwar...
                                                                



                                                                        05 Jun 2017









                                                                    Local helmets stand no chance in crash test with sledgehamme...
                                                                



                                                                        05 Jun 2017












                                                                    Land Rover Range Rover Svautobiography Dynamic for Rs 2.79 c...



                                                                        27 Jul 2017









                                                                    Chandigarh's Gurmeet Virdi reclaims top spot on Day 3 of RFC...



                                                                        27 Jul 2017









                                                                    Datsun India launches redi-GO 1.0L for Rs 357333/-



                                                                        26 Jul 2017










                Corporate News









                                Saitama City, Honda, Yamaha begin evaluating e-motorcycles 



                                    21 Jul 2017
                                



                            Saitama City in Japan, Honda Motor Co and Yamaha Motor Co will begin evaluation testing towards the expansion of the use of electric motorcycles. As part of Saitama City’s “E-Kizuna Project” measures ...
                        
Complete Reading









                                Volvo Cars, Geely to establish joint venture to boost synerg...



                                    20 Jul 2017
                                



                            Volvo Cars is planning to set up a new joint venture technology company with Geely Holding, the Chinese car group, to share existing and future technology, deepen industrial synergies and provide the ...
                        
Complete Reading









                                Hyundai CSR campaign to protect Indian heritage



                                    11 Jul 2017
                                



                            Hyundai Motor India Ltd has launched the 3rd Phase of Happy Move - ‘Save Our Heritage’ CSR campaign. The campaign aims to educate and sensitise people about India’s rich heritage and take significant ...
                        
Complete Reading









                Technology









                                Continental CUbE  helps tech development for driverless vehi...



                                    20 Jul 2017
                                



                            More and more people are flocking to cities. According to a 2014 UN study, two-thirds of the world’s population will be living in cities by 2050 – and they will also be driving their cars there. Howev...
                        
Complete Reading









                                Audi project “25th Hour”; Researching use of time in robot c...



                                    17 Jul 2017
                                



                            What is a premium experience like in a self-driving car? Audi is researching this in collaboration with the Fraunhofer Institute for Industrial Engineering IAO. In the futuristic driving simulator, th...
                        
Complete Reading









                                Honda’s Tapukara plant begins to pay rich dividends



                                    06 Jul 2017
                                



                            Honda Cars India’s “Make in India” initiative is beginning to pay rich dividends not only in its car business but also in its car parts business. A visit to one of its plants in Rajasthan clearly indi...
                        
Complete Reading














                Auto Stuff









                                Water, Wind Proof Versatyl Bomber jacket 



                                    21 Jun 2017
                                



                            After an immensely successful response for the Versatyl jacket, Emirates Fashion from Bangalore has come up with the most stylish Bomber jacket. The Versatyl Bomber is a 100% waterproof jacket that ha...
                        
Complete Reading









                                Blaupunkt enters rear seat entertainment category



                                    27 Apr 2017
                                



                            Car infotainment and sound experts Blaupunkt has announced their entry in the rear seat entertainment category with the launch of BP RSE AD 10.1. This rear seat monitor is ultra thin and runs Android ...
                        
Complete Reading









                                Steelbird unveils Adonis Majestic helmets



                                    04 Apr 2017
                                



                            Leading two-wheeler helmet manufacturer Steelbird Hi-Tech India limited has unveiled a new helmet range by the name Adonis Majestic. This new helmet is available in eight base colours and 22 designs. ...
                        
Complete Reading








Interviews







                                Kevin Flynn and Gurpratap Boparai



                                    President & Managing Director, FCA India / CEO, Fiat India Automobiles Pvt Ltd.
                                


                                    17 Apr 2017
                                

Complete Reading







                                Interview with James Lyijynen & Bill Zheng



                                    Chief Program Engineer, Jeep Compass, FCA Global / Head of Design, FCA, APAC
                                


                                    16 Apr 2017
                                

Complete Reading







                                Pietro Gorlier and Saju Mookken



                                    Magneti Marelli CEO  and Country Manager & Managing Director, Magneti Marelli India
                                


                                    24 Mar 2017
                                

Complete Reading








                Interview Videos









                                Kevin Flynn and Gurpratap Boparai



                                    President & Managing Director, FCA India / CEO, Fiat India Automobiles Pvt Ltd.
                                


                                    17 Apr 2017
                                


Complete Reading









                                James Lyijynen & Bill Zheng



                                    Chief Program Engineer, Jeep Compass, FCA Global / Head of Design, FCA, APAC
                                


                                    16 Apr 2017
                                


Complete Reading









                                Sharad Agarwal



                                    Head, Lamborghini India
                                


                                    08 Apr 2017
                                


Complete Reading







Special Reports













                                                Honda’s Tapukara plant begins to pay rich dividends
                                            



                                                    06 Jul 2017











                                                Kia Motors to invest Rs 7072 crore in plant in Andhra Prades...
                                            



                                                    27 Apr 2017











                                                Exclusive: Sonalika Pininfarina world car finally spotted 
                                            



                                                    23 Apr 2017















                In The News






                                Toyota Kirloskar Motor ‘Drive the Nation’ campaign continues

                                Date :
                                20 Jul 2017




                                Ceat introduces new LCV radial sizes under ‘Milaze’ platform

                                Date :
                                20 Jul 2017




                                Thomas Kuehl is new president of Nissan India

                                Date :
                                12 Jul 2017




                                FAG Bearings India is now Schaeffler India Limited

                                Date :
                                11 Jul 2017




                                Polestar new team to develop electrified performance brand for Volvo Cars

                                Date :
                                21 Jun 2017




                                Warburg Pincus picks up equity stake in Tata Technologies for $360 million

                                Date :
                                16 Jun 2017




                                Michelin India inaugurates R&D lab in Manesar

                                Date :
                                14 Jun 2017




                                Renault Kwid comes with new graphic options

                                Date :
                                08 Jun 2017




                                Honda becomes No.1 selling two wheeler brand in Tamil Nadu

                                Date :
                                06 Jun 2017




                                Shell Lubricants opens learning centre in partnership with BML Munjal Unive

                                Date :
                                24 May 2017




                                BMW Group is preferred premium mobility supplier for Aditya Birla Group

                                Date :
                                27 Apr 2017




                                NEIL launches ‘Back on Track’ programme for women

                                Date :
                                27 Apr 2017
















Find us on
            Facebook 































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Executive Profile | BorgWarner Inc. | James R. Verrier | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











James R. Verrier 

		
		President and CEO, 

	
		 BorgWarner Inc. 	

 
Last Updated: 04/20/2017 



Executive Summary
UK native James Verrier was appointed CEO of BorgWarner Inc., an Auburn Hills, Michigan-based automotive industry components and parts supplier best known for its powertrain products, in 2013.  A year earlier he was named to the newly created position of President and Chief Operating Officer at. Verrier has been with BorgWarner si 
Personal Attributes and Interests

Upon his March 2012 elevation to President and Chief Operating Officer, former CEO Manganello said of Verrier, "James has delivered important operational improvements in every business he has led. As the head of Morse TEC and previ 
Current Focus

Invest in venture capital fund:  BorgWarner is investing $10 million in Silicon Valley venture-capital fund AutoTech Ventures, according to an April 2017 Automotive News article. The investment will allow the compa 
Key Challenges

Commercial vehicle market: In October 2016 Verrier said, "I would characterize the global commercial vehicle space as still challenged. We see North America and South America still down and challenged for sure. We  
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1963.
He grew up in the UK. 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























Get This Complete Profile





First Name

Last Name

Company

My Role



I sell to the C-suite
		
I market to the C-suite
		
I consult to the C-suite
		
I recruit the C-suite
		
Other
		


Business Email

Phone

Email this Profile











			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us

























James R. Verrier - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















James R. Verrier
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at BorgWarner Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you James R. Verrier? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James R. Verrier's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James R. Verrier's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James R. Verrier's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James R. Verrier through your network of contacts.
												








James R. Verrier's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
BorgWarner Inc.


Board Member, 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation


Past
To view James R. Verrier's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
53

 
 


James R. Verrier's Biography



Mr. Verrier has been President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since January 1, 2013. From March 2012 through December 2012, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. From January 2010 to March 2012, he was Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager of BorgWarner Morse TEC Inc. He was Vice President and General Manager, Passenger Car of BorgWarner Turbo Systems Inc. from January 2006 to January 2010. Mr. Verrier has served as a director of Parker Hannifan Corporation since 2016. 

Mr. Verrier has held positions of increasing responsibility since joining the Company i ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Verrier has been President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since January 1, 2013. From March 2012 through December 2012, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. From January 2010 to March 2012, he was Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager of BorgWarner Morse TEC Inc. He was Vice President and General Manager, Passenger Car of BorgWarner Turbo Systems Inc. from January 2006 to January 2010. Mr. Verrier has served as a director of Parker Hannifan Corporation since 2016. 

Mr. Verrier has held positions of increasing responsibility since joining the Company in 1989, including assignments in quality control, human resources and operations management. Prior to joining BorgWarner he held positions in the quality engineering and metallurgy field with Lucas Aerospace, Rockwell Automotive and Britax Wingard in the United Kingdom. He holds a degree in Metallurgy and Materials Science from West Midlands College in the UK as well as an MBA from the University of Glamorgan, also in the UK.
		
Source: BorgWarner Inc. on 03/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James R. Verrier's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James R. Verrier. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James R. Verrier's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James R. Verrier's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James R. Verrier through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James R. Verrier


















James R. Verrier's Connections (79)





Sign up now to view James R. Verrier's 79 connections »









Roger A. Krone
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Leidos Holdings, Inc.









Thomas T. Stallkamp
Board Member, Baxter International Inc.









Alexis P. Michas
Chairman of the Board, BorgWarner Inc.









Ernest J. Novak
Board Member, A. Schulman









Dennis C. Cuneo
Board Member, AK Steel Holding Corporation









Jan Carlson
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Autoliv, Inc.









James L. Wainscott
Board Member, Parker-Hannifin Corporation









Richard O. Schaum
Board Member, BorgWarner Inc.









David T. Brown
Board Member, Franklin Electric Co., Inc.









Roger J. Wood
Board Member, Brunswick Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


































 



 BorgWarner Appoints James R. Verrier Chief Executive Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









BorgWarner Appoints James R. Verrier Chief Executive Officer

		  Current CEO Timothy M. Manganello to Retire after 32 Year Career with BorgWarner
		

Nov 15, 2012, 08:30 ET
		  		  					
						 from   BorgWarner Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


AUBURN HILLS, Mich., Nov. 15, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- The BorgWarner (NYSE:   BWA) Board of Directors today announced the appointment of James R. Verrier, 49, to president and chief executive officer effective January 1, 2013, at which time he will also join the Board of Directors.  Effective on the same date, current chairman and chief executive officer, Timothy M. Manganello, 62, will continue as executive chairman of the company until his planned retirement at the April 24, 2013 annual meeting, at which time he will step down from the Board. The Board also announced that at the time of Manganello's retirement, the company's present lead director, Alexis P. Michas, will become non-executive chairman.  
Verrier has held positions of increasing responsibility during his 23 years with the company.  He currently serves as president and chief operating officer.  Previous positions include president and general manager BorgWarner Morse TEC and vice president and general manager BorgWarner Turbo Systems, passenger car products based in Germany.
"I am very proud of what we have accomplished over the past ten years. However, I feel now is the right time to turn over the leadership of the company. James is a proven leader who will continue to motivate our teams to deliver results. Under James' watch, I foresee continued success by BorgWarner for many years to come," said Timothy M. Manganello, Chairman and CEO.  "Most importantly, I want to thank all the BorgWarner employees and our Directors for making my career at BorgWarner very enjoyable."
"We have been consistently impressed with Tim's leadership, his focus on technology and the industry leading performance of the company during Tim's ten years as the CEO," said Alexis P. Michas, lead director of the company. "The transformation that has occurred in those years is remarkable.  Sales have grown to over $7 billion, market cap has increased over six times since 2003, and the company achieved regional and customer diversification that is the envy of its peers. Tim led BorgWarner to the ranks of a premier auto supplier, earned the respect of the global industry, and has positioned the company well for continued growth.  We thank Tim for his valuable contributions and unmatched dedication."
About BorgWarner
Auburn Hills, Michigan-based BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:   BWA) is a technology leader in highly engineered components and systems for powertrain applications worldwide. Operating manufacturing and technical facilities in 57 locations in 19 countries, the company develops products to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance performance. Customers include VW/Audi, Ford, Toyota, Renault/Nissan, General Motors, Hyundai/Kia, Daimler, Chrysler, Fiat, BMW, Honda, John Deere, PSA, and MAN. For more information, please visit www.borgwarner.com
Statements contained in this news release may contain forward-looking statements as contemplated by the 1995 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act that are based on management's current outlook, expectations, estimates and projections. Words such as "anticipates," "believes," "continues," "could," "designed," "effect," "estimates," "evaluates," "expects," "forecasts," "goal," "initiative," "intends," "outlook," "plans,"  "potential," "project," "pursue," "seek," "should," "target," "when," "would," variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed, projected or implied in or by the forward-looking statements.  Such risks and uncertainties include: fluctuations in domestic or foreign vehicle production, the continued use by original equipment manufacturers of outside suppliers, fluctuations in demand for vehicles containing our products, changes in general economic conditions, as well as other risks noted reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Risk Factors identified in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation to update or announce publicly any updates to or revision to any of the forward-looking statements.
 SOURCE  BorgWarner Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.borgwarner.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Dec 17, 2012, 09:50 ET
Preview: BorgWarner Expands Operations In Ningbo, China















Nov 08, 2012, 08:22 ET
Preview: BorgWarner Introduces First Three-Stage Turbocharging System for Maximum Power Diesel Engines






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





May 08, 2017, 10:30 ET
Webcast Alert: BorgWarner 2017 Second Quarter Results Conference...








May 08, 2017, 10:30 ET
Webcast Alert: BorgWarner 2017 Second Quarter Results Conference...








May 08, 2017, 10:30 ET
BorgWarner Presents Advanced Propulsion Technologies at 2017...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Hugh Verrier | Big Law Business























































































 



About UsEvents 









x







Log in to view this content 
Sign in with your Bloomberg BNA credentials


                                            Not a member yet?
                                            Sign up free



 Email 



 Password 




forgot password?






Sign up for free access
All fields are required.

Email



Password



Confirm Password




Passwords must be 6-20 characters long and must contain at least one letter and one number. Special characters are not permitted.


First Name



Last Name



Company



Job Title

Select Job Title
Analyst/Specialist
Administrator/Assistant
Associate Attorney/Counsel
CEO/COO/CFO/President/VP
Consultant
CPA/Accountant
Court Professional
Director/Manager
General Counsel
Intern
Librarian
Professor
Partner
Student
Other



Country

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
AFGHANISTAN
ALBANIA
ALGERIA
ANDORRA
ANGOLA
ANGUILLA
ANTIGUA & BARBUDA
ARGENTINA
ARMENIA
ARUBA
AUSTRALIA
AUSTRIA
AZERBAIJAN
BAHAMAS
BAHRAIN
BANGLADESH
BARBADOS
BELARUS
BELGIUM
BELIZE
BENIN
BERMUDA
BHUTAN
BOLIVIA
BONAIRE, ST EUSTATIUS AND SABA
BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA
BOTSWANA
BRAZIL
BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS
BRITISH INDIAN OCEAN TERRITORY
BRUNEI DARUSSALAM
BULGARIA
BURKINA FASO
BURUNDI
CAMBODIA
CAMEROON
CANADA
CAPE VERDE
CAYMAN ISLANDS
CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC
CHAD
CHILE
CHINA
COLOMBIA
COMOROS
CONGO
COOK ISLANDS
COSTA RICA
COTE D\'IVOIRE
CROATIA
CURACO
CYPRUS
CZECH REPUBLIC
DEM. REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO
DENMARK
DJIBOUTI
DOMINICA
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
ECUADOR
EGYPT
EL SALVADOR
EQUATORIAL GUINEA
ERITREA
ESTONIA
ETHIOPA
FALKLAND ISLANDS
FAROE ISLANDS
FIJI
FINLAND
FRANCE
FRENCH GUIANA
FRENCH POLYNESIA
FRMR YUGOSLAV REP OF MACEDONIA
GABON
GAMBIA
GEORGIA
GERMANY
GHANA
GIBRALTAR
GREECE
GREENLAND
GRENADA
GUADELOUPE
GUATEMALA
GUINEA
GUINEA-BISSAU
GUYANA
HAITI
HOLY SEE
HONDURAS
HONG KONG SPEC ADMIN REG/CHINA
HUNGARY
ICELAND
INDIA
INDONESIA
IRAQ
IRELAND
ISRAEL
ITALY
JAMAICA
JAPAN
JORDAN
KAZAKHSTAN
KENYA
KIRIBATI
KUWAIT
KYRGYZSTAN
LAO PEOPLE\'S DEM REPUBLIC
LATVIA
LEBANON
LESOTHO
LIBERIA
LIBYAN ARAB JAMAHIRIYA
LIECHTENSTIEN
LITHUANIA
LUXEMBOURG
MACAU SPEC ADMIN REGION/CHINA
MADAGASCAR
MALAWI
MALAYSIA
MALDIVES
MALI
MALTA
MARTINIQUE
MAURITANIA
MAURITIUS
MAYOTTE
MEXICO
MONACO
MONGOLIA
MONTSERRAT
MOROCCO
MOZAMBIQUE
MYANMAR
NAMIBIA
NAURA
NEPAL
NETHERLANDS
NETHERLANDS ANTILLES
NEW CALEDONIA
NEW ZEALAND
NICARAGUA
NIGER
NIGERIA
NIUE
NORFOLK ISLAND
NORWAY
OCCUPIED PALESTINIAN TERRITORY
OMAN
PAKISTAN
PALAU
PANAMA
PAPUA NEW GUINEA
PARAGUAY
PERU
PHILIPPINES
PITCAIRN
POLAND
PORTUGAL
QATAR
REPUBLIC OF KOREA
REPUBLIC OF MOLDOVA
REUNION
ROMANIA
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
RWANDA
SAINT HELENA
SAINT KITTS AND NEVIS
SAINT LUCIA
SAN MARINO
SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE
SAUDI ARABIA
SENEGAL
SEYCHELLES
SIERRA LEONE
SINGAPORE
SINT MAARTEN (DUTCH PART)
SLOVAKIA
SLOVENIA
SOLOMON ISLANDS
SOMALIA
SOUTH AFRICA
SPAIN
SRI LANKA
ST PIERRE AND MIQUELON
ST VINCENT AND THE GRENADINES
SURINAME
SVALBARD AND JAN MAYEN ISLANDS
SWAZILAND
SWEDEN
SWITZERLAND
TAIWAN
TAJIKISTAN
THAILAND
TIMOR-LESTE
TOGO
TOKELAU
TONGA
TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO
TUNISIA
TURKEY
TURKMENISTAN
TURKS & CAICOS ISLANDS
TUVALU
UGANDA
UKRAINE
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
URUGUAY
UZBEKISTAN
VANUATU
VENEZUELA
VIET NAM
WALLIS AND FUTUNA ISLANDS
WESTERN SAHARA
WESTERN SAMOA
YEMEN
YUGOSLAVIA
ZAMBIA
ZIMBABWE








											Already a member?
											Log in

















 








Menu



 Recent Posts 

Gilead, Tech Group Urge Court to Overturn Judge on Patent Venue - 6 hours ago
NYC Bar Guides Attorneys on U.S. Border E-Device Searches - 7 hours ago
Why Big Law is Betting Big on Africa - 8 hours ago
Ex-Jones Day Lawyer Withdraws Consideration for Top Labor Post - 9 hours ago
Is Antitrust Enforcement On the Cusp of a Sea Change? - 13 hours ago


 

 















 



 






                                    Tag Archives: Hugh Verrier 









 

Lawyer Who Chaired White & Case For Decades Dies at 82



Casey Sullivan 

                         - 
                        April 28, 2016
                         -                             
Law Firm, The Legal Market 





Lawyer Who Chaired White & Case For Decades Dies at 82


Casey Sullivan 

                 - 
                April 28, 2016
                                     -                     
Law Firm, The Legal Market 



James Hurlock, who chaired the New York law firm White & Case from 1980 to 2000 and was instrumental in its expansion, died on Wednesday, the firm’s current chair Hugh Verrier told partners in an email. Hurlock was 82. “This is a very sad day for all of us and for the Firm he did…



 




  

 
 





Top





