

Oil Industry - Facts & Summary - HISTORY.com
















































Sign Out



Shows
This Day In History
Schedule
Topics

















 	







HISTORY








Shows
This Day In History
Schedule
Topics
Videos
News
Ask History
History Lists
Speeches & Audio
Shop










Email Updates






 


Oil Industry
 
 






Play video












Share






























Black Gold
Spindletop, an east Texas oil Field, produced 80,000 barrels a day and changed the country and oil production forever.



















Print 
Cite 


Article Details:
Oil Industry


Author
History.com Staff


Website Name
History.com


Year Published
2010


Title
Oil Industry


URL
http://www.history.com/topics/oil-industry


Access Date
July 28, 2017


Publisher
A+E Networks







 



Introduction 

The 19th century was a period of great change and rapid industrialization. The iron and steel industry spawned new construction materials, the railroads connected the country and the discovery of oil provided a new source of fuel. The discovery of the Spindletop geyser in 1901 drove huge growth in the oil industry. Within a year, more than 1,500 oil companies had been chartered, and oil became the dominant fuel of the 20th century and an integral part of the American economy.
























Play video


Rockefeller's Standard Oil
4min








Play video


Presidential Election of 1896
4min








Play video


Theodore Roosevelt vs. Big Industry
4min





‹
›











 

Facebook
Twitter
Google

 
Many of the early explorers of America encountered petroleum deposits in some form. They noted oil slicks off the coast of California in the sixteenth century. Louis Evans located deposits along the eastern seaboard on a 1775 map of the English Middle Colonies.
Did You Know? In 1933, Standard Oil secured the first contract to drill for oil in Saudia Arabia.Settlers used oil as an illuminant for medicine, and as grease for wagons and tools. Rock oil distilled from shale became available as kerosene even before the Industrial Revolution began. While traveling in Austria, John Austin, a New York merchant, observed an effective, cheap oil lamp and made a model that upgraded kerosene lamps. Soon the U.S. rock oil industry boomed as whale oil increased in price owing to the growing scarcity of that mammal. Samuel Downer, Jr., an early entrepreneur, patented “Kerosene” as a trade name in 1859 and licensed its usage. As oil production and refining increased, prices collapsed, which became characteristic of the industry.
The first oil corporation, which was created to develop oil found floating on water near Titusville, Pennsylvania, was the Pennsylvania Rock Oil Company of Connecticut (later the Seneca Oil Company). George H. Bissell, a New York lawyer, and James Townsend, a New Haven businessman, became interested when Dr. Benjamin Silliman of Yale University analyzed a bottle of the oil and said it would make an excellent light. Bissell and several friends purchased land near Titusville and engaged Edwin L. Drake to locate the oil there. Drake employed William Smith, an expert salt driller, to supervise drilling operations and on August 27, 1859, they struck oil at a depth of sixty-nine feet. So far as is known, this was the first time that oil was tapped at its source, using a drill.
Titusville and other towns in the area boomed. One of those who heard about the discovery was John D. Rockefeller. Because of his entrepreneurial instincts and his genius for organizing companies, Rockefeller became a leading figure in the U.S. oil industry. In 1859, he and a partner operated a commission firm in Cleveland. They soon sold it and built a small oil refinery. Rockefeller bought out his partner and in 1866 opened an export office in New York City. The next year he, his brother William, S. V. Harkness, and Henry M. Flagler created what was to become the Standard Oil Company. Flagler is considered by many to have been nearly as important a figure in the oil business as John D. himself.
Additional discoveries near the Drake well had led to the creation of numerous firms and the Rockefeller company quickly began to buy out or combine with its competitors. As John D. phrased it, their purpose was “to unite our skill and capital.” By 1870 Standard had become the dominant oil refining firm in Pennsylvania.
Pipelines early became a major consideration in Standard’s drive to gain business and profits. Samuel Van Syckel had built a four-mile pipeline from Pithole, Pennsylvania, to the nearest railroad. When Rockefeller observed this, he began to acquire pipelines for Standard. Soon the company owned a majority of the lines, which provided cheap, efficient transportation for oil. Cleveland became a center of the refining industry principally because of its transportation systems.
When product prices declined, the ensuing panic led to the beginning of a Standard Oil alliance in 1871. Within eleven years the company became partially integrated horizontally and vertically and ranked as one of the world’s great corporations. The alliance employed an industrial chemist, Hermann Frasch II, to remove sulfur from oil found at Lima, Ohio. Sulfur made distilling kerosene very difficult, and even then it possessed a vile odor—another problem Frasch solved. Thereafter, Standard employed scientists both to improve its product and for pure research. Soon kerosene replaced other illuminants; it was more reliable, efficient, and economical than other fuels.
Eastern cities linked to the oil fields by rail and boat boomed also. The export trade from Philadelphia, New York, and Baltimore became so important that Standard and other companies located refineries in those cities. As early as 1866 the value of petroleum products exported to Europe provided a trade balance sufficient to pay the interest on U.S. bonds held abroad.
When the Civil War interrupted the regular flow of kerosene and other petroleum products to western states, pressure increased to find a better method of utilizing oil found in such states as California. But Standard exhibited little interest in the oil industry on the West Coast before 1900. In that year it purchased the Pacific Coast Oil Company and in 1906 incorporated all its western operations into Pacific Oil, now Chevron.
Edward L. Doheny located Los Angeles’s first well in 1892, and five years later there were twenty-five hundred wells and two hundred oil companies in the area. When Standard entered California in 1900, seven integrated oil companies already flourished there. The Union Oil Company was the most important of these.
Operating difficulties plus the threat of taxation on its out-of-state properties led to the creation of the Standard Oil Trust in 1882. In 1899 the trust created Standard Oil Company (New Jersey), which became the parent company. The trust controlled member corporations principally through stock ownership, an arrangement not unlike that of the modern-day holding company.
The tremendous growth of Standard did not occur without competition. Pennsylvania producers engineered the creation of an important competitor, the Pure Oil Company, Ltd., in 1895. This concern endured for more than a half century.
In 1901 one of the largest and most significant oil strikes in history occurred near Beaumont, Texas, on a mound called Spindletop. Drillers brought in the greatest gusher ever seen within the United States. This strike ended any possible monopoly by Standard Oil. One year after the Spindletop discovery more than fifteen hundred oil companies had been chartered. Of these, fewer than a dozen survived, principally the Gulf Oil Corporation, the Magnolia Petroleum Company, and the Texas Company. The Sun Oil Company, an Ohio-Indiana concern, also moved to the Beaumont area as did other firms. Other oil strikes followed in Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas, Colorado, and Kansas. Oil production in the United States by 1909 more than equaled that of the rest of the world combined.
Many smaller companies developed outside the Northeast and the Midwest where Rockefeller and his associates operated. Oil found at Corsicana, Texas, in the 1890s attracted a remarkable Pennsylvanian, Joseph S. (“Buckskin Joe”) Cullinan, who organized several small companies. He later moved to Spindletop where he became instrumental in the organization of the Texas Company, soon a major competitor of Standard. Henri Deterding, creator of the Royal Dutch-Shell Group in Holland and Great Britain, moved into California in 1912 with his American Gasoline Company (Shell Company of California after 1914).
As Standard Oil grew in wealth and power, it encountered great hostility not only from its competitors but from a vast segment of the public. Standard fought competition by securing preferential railroad rates and rebates on its shipments. It also influenced legislatures and Congress through tactics that, though common in that era, were unethical. Nor was the company’s handling of labor any better.
In 1911 the Supreme Court declared that the Standard Trust had operated to monopolize and restrain trade, and it ordered the trust dissolved into thirty-four companies. That the trust’s share of the industry had declined from 33 to 13 percent the Court held to be of little consequence. The splitting-off of the Standard affiliates proved difficult. Some marketed, some produced, some refined, and these concerns quickly moved toward vertical integration of their businesses. But the 1911 decision ensured that though the industry might have giants, they at least competed with one another.
Increasing sales of gasoline first for automobiles and then for airplanes in the early 1900s came as oil discoveries across the United States mounted. The oil industry had a vast new market for what had been for many years a useless by-product of the distilling process. As soon as the internal combustion engines created demand, refiners sought better methods to produce and improve gasolines.
Before its entry into World War I, the United States contributed oil to the Allies, and in 1917 the oil companies cooperated with the Fuel Administration. At war’s end executives who had served with that agency created the American Petroleum Institute (1919), which in time became a major force in the economy and the business.
Although the U.S. oil industry had marketed abroad extensively before the war, it owned few foreign properties. Judging from government surveys, many producers believed that a major oil shortage would soon occur. Both Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover and Secretary of State Charles Evans Hughes began to pressure American companies to seek oil abroad. These firms invested in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, and South America and searched for oil everywhere while they continued to export quantities of oil from the United States.
The individual who focused attention back on the United States was Columbus Marion (“Dad”) Joiner. Joiner became convinced that some flatlands in an East Texas basinlike structure contained oil. He obtained a lease near Tyler, Texas, and on October 5, 1930, after having drilled two dry holes, struck perhaps the largest oil pool ever found in America. It lay beneath 140,000 acres and contained 5 billion barrels. H. L. Hunt, an oil entrepreneur, bought Joiner’s leases and later sold them to oil companies at a profit of $100 million, thereby adding to his already substantial fortune.
In a sense the Joiner strike came at an inopportune time; it was the onset of the Great Depression. The price of oil plummeted to ten cents a barrel in 1931, creating chaos in the industry. But some New Deal measures restored a modicum of prosperity, and then World War II stimulated the oil business enormously.
The various oil strikes focused attention on a legal situation unique to the United States. Land ownership carried with it rights to all subsoil minerals, termed the common law “right of capture.” Oil companies, like other mineral companies, negotiated with each landowner for drilling rights. This right of capture continued for years despite the efforts of such industry giants as conservation-minded Henry L. Doherty of Cities Service Oil Company, who sought to institute oil field unitization. The right of capture ensured early exhaustion of oil fields and tragic waste of a valuable energy source. Wallace E. Pratt, a geologist and longtime Jersey Standard leader, has estimated that by releasing the natural gas that often underlies petroleum pools and by using poor production techniques, oil producers have wasted at least 75 percent of the oil and natural gas found to date in the United States.
World War II made the oil industry a key American resource. Oil company research and executive leadership played major roles in the conflict. Research increased the number of products made from petroleum and natural gas, including the explosive tnt and artificial rubber. The Jersey-Dupont jointly owned product, tetraethyl lead, upgraded gasoline to improve airplane speed. Oil tankers supplied gasoline for the Allies at great risk from submarine attacks. The government rationed gasoline and controlled prices during the war. In the last analysis the war ended the delusion that American supplies of crude were unlimited, so that the industry and the securing of oil became a top priority for both foreign and domestic policy.
When the war ended, the United States faced the problem of stabilizing the peace. Over the next forty-five years numerous major crises occurred, in many of which oil played a key role. Europe underwent a coal shortage, the first energy crisis, immediately after the war. The Marshall Plan, created to solve that and other problems, was hampered by the first Iranian crisis of 1950-1954. From the 1956 Suez crisis to the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990, oil proved to be the most important consideration in America’s Middle Eastern policy. The United States sought to balance support for the new state of Israel against the pressures of the oil producers, mostly Arab, united in 1960 as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (opec). This proved increasingly difficult as the United States became steadily more dependent on imported oil. In the United States the standard of living based on cheap oil continuously rose and the public, accustomed to this way of life, resisted all conservation measures. The United States continues to consume about two-thirds of the world’s oil production. Oil should be considered the keystone of the standard of living in the United States and to a large degree its rank as a world power.
Part of the energy problem after 1940 resulted from the depletion of domestic oil reserves during World War II—around 6 billion barrels. In the Vietnam struggle experts contend the United States supplied about 5 billion barrels of oil, although great quantities of that came from Middle Eastern properties owned by American companies. Certainly the total for both wars represents a quantity larger than either that of the great East Texas oil field or possibly that discovered on Alaska’s North Slope in 1967. After the 1960s, as domestic production declined and demand soared, the oil industry had to import vast quantities from the Middle East and Venezuela. The nation’s key energy source increasingly hinged on balancing diplomatic relations with Arab oil-producing nations while continuing its aid to Israel.
While the United States was blessed with plentiful supplies of oil its growth to the rank of a great power accelerated. In today’s world as an oil-dependent power it must find alternate sources of energy or accommodate drastic changes in its way of life and position in the world.
Paul H. Giddens, The Birth of the Oil Industry (1938); Ralph W. and Muriel E. Hidy, Pioneering in Big Business, 1882-1911 (1955); Bennett H. Wall et al., Growth in a Changing Environment: A History of Standard Oil Company (New Jersey), 1950-1972, and Exxon Corporation, 1972-1975 (1988); Daniel Yergin, The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power (1990).
Bennett H. Wall
 


Tags
Industry
John D. Rockefeller
Oil



Tags


Industry
John D. Rockefeller
Oil







1
2
3










Fact Check We strive for accuracy and fairness. But if you see something that doesn't look right, contact us!
 

 
 

Home
Topics
Oil Industry





Related Content






topic

John D. Rockefeller



video
Play video

John D. Rockefeller: Oil, Money and Power



audio
Play video

BP CEO Denies Responsibility for Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill



topic

Spindletop



video
Play video

The Men Who Built America: Monopoly



audio
Play video

Texas City Explosion Kills Nearly 600



video
Play video

Drake's Folly



video
Play video

The Men Who Built America: Competitive Nature



History Lists

5 Things You May Not Know About the Men Who Built America










 
 










 


We know you love history. Sign up for more!
Sign me up



Get the Inside HISTORY newsletter for in-depth historical articles and videos.

Please enter a valid email address

Sign me up




By submitting your information, you agree to receive emails from HISTORY and A+E Networks. You can opt out at any time.
More details:

Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Contact Us




You're almost done!
You will soon receive an activation email. Once you click on the link, you will be added to our list. If you do not receive this email, please contact us. To ensure delivery to your inbox, add us to your address book.


Oops, there's a problem.
At this time we are unable to complete your subscription.This email address has been previously opted out from receiving any emails from A+E Networks. If you changed your mind, please contact us and indicate that you would like to subscribe to HISTORY emails.


You have already subscribed to this list.
If you completed your subscription and still have not received an email, please contact us.


Oops, there's a problem.
At this time we are unable to complete your subscription.This email address has been previously opted out from receiving any emails from A+E Networks. If you changed your mind, please contact us and indicate that you would like to subscribe to HISTORY emails.


You're signed up!
You will soon receive an email with a direct link to your profile, where you can update your preferences.If you do not receive this email, please contact us.




















Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC - Oil and Gas- Sauer  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC

      Industry: Oil and Gas
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    10 W Main St, Suite 603  
    Ardmore, OK, 73401Phone: 580-798-0653 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-25


New


$79,400


$79,400


Other


04


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Daniel Sauer 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC
List of persons related to the company Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC.

CIK Number: 0001687699IRS Number: 813411000Company address: 10 W MAIN ST, SUITE 603  ARDMORE 73401Phone number: 580-798-0653



People related to Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountrySauer  Daniel10 W. Main St, Ste 603 ArdmoreOK




Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC on the Web
Related companiesVertical Acuity Inc, Vertical Alliance Group Inc, VERTICAL BRIDGE REIT, LLC, Vertical Communications Holdco Inc, VERTICAL COMPUTER SYSTEMS INC, VERTICAL GURU, INC., VERTICAL HEALTH SOLUTIONS INC, VERTICAL HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS, INC., Vertical LLC, Vertical Nursing Partners, L.P., Vertical Oil & Gas Training Partners, L.P., Vertical Opportunity Fund, LP, Vertical Partners L.P., Vertical Performance Partners, Inc., Vertical Point Solutions, LLC












 








Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC - company directors, founders, board of directors





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (1) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC - company directors, founders, board of directors


NameStreetCityCountryDaniel  Sauer10 W. Main St, Ste 603 ArdmoreOK 













 







Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:29 AM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC develops and acquires vertical fields in northern Texas. The company was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in Ardmore, Oklahoma.


10 West Main StreetSuite 603Ardmore, OK 73401United StatesFounded in 2016



Phone: 580-798-0653

www.vpiofok.com







Key Executives for Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC


Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 102 Oil Wells in East Texas Field United States 11 Good Energy, Inc. United States 1280 Horizons, LLC United States 1347 Energy Holdings LLC United States 15 Fields in Williston Basin United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC, please visit www.vpiofok.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC, Ardmore, OK





















Search



Home
			 Listings			 Sign In 












PROFILE
VERTICAL PETROLEUM INDUSTRIES LLC

Updated August 3, 2016
OKLAHOMA





Rate this business



 







				According to Oklahoma State public records, Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC was registered as a new business entity by Daniel Sauer on August 3, 2016.			
Additional Details Below








ABOUT VERTICAL PETROLEUM INDUSTRIES LLC

The State of Oklahoma lists Daniel Sauer as the owner or registrar of Vertical Petroleum Industries Llc.Registered on or about 08/01/2016, the company has been in business for about 11 months, 27 days. 


This listing appears under the heading Industrial/Energy which includes businesses that may offer energy production and management including fuel extraction, manufacturing, refining, and distribution of petroleum, natural gas, coal, nuclear power, hydroelectric, and renewable resources. 








HOW TO CONTACT VERTICAL PETROLEUM INDUSTRIES LLC


Click For Live View



The address shown is the registered Service of Process address 
												and may not be the location of the business.

CONTACTDANIEL SAUERADDRESS10 W MAIN ST STE 603LOCALEARDMORE, OK 73401 






EMPLOYMENT REPORT OKLAHOMA

EMPLOYEESEMPLOYERSEMPLOYMENTPAYROLL (YR)   TOTAL90,9541,305,18353,518,174   0-441,98472,1742,554,521   5-912,66882,1002,536,540   10-197,71997,4243,200,169   <2062,371251,6988,291,230   20-998,876242,4518,632,061   100-4995,081199,5838,051,894   <50076,328693,73224,975,185   500+14,626611,45128,542,989 


			Employment Report
		







Rate, Review, and Recommend this Business


							Support your favorite businesses.  Rate, Review, and Recommend businesses appearing in Lookupbear.  
						
Register Now




Submit a correction
Know more about this business than we do? Great! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.
Contact Us







You might also like...




Chinese group hacks a Tesla for the second year in a row



So The Mooch Is An Interesting Fellow, Huh?



More reserves than initially thought in the North Sea, Norway says



Detecting Alien Life Will Likely Be a Protracted Process, Not a Eureka Moment



House Judiciary Committee Requests Special Counsel to Probe Clinton-Obama Collusion



Venezuelan oil sanctions carry risks for U.S. economy



Sick of work? Staying in a miserable job a big career-related mistake



Amazon to begin self-distribution with release of next Woody Allen movie








NEW LISTINGS1July 27, 2017Jetland Logic Freighters LLCOklahoma City, OK2July 21, 2017Okc Allergy Supplies IncOklahoma City, OK3July 21, 2017Reliable Multiaxle Dumptruck Services LLCOklahoma City, OK4June 22, 2017A Best Power Washing LLCDewar, OK5June 22, 2017Loftis Stone LLCOklahoma City, OK6June 19, 2017No Judgment LLCHarrah, OK 





MARKET STATISTICS


				ARDMORE, OK			

Population, 2010 47,557Households, 2012 17,359Veterans, 2012 3,884Median household income, 2012 $41,039Median home value, 2012 $88,700Total number of firms, 2007 4,528Private nonfarm establishments, 2012 20,241Women-owned firms, percent, 2007 0%Retail sales, 2007 ($1,000) $686,909Credit: U.S. Census Bureau 







 






		Copyright 2017 Lookupbear | 
		Privacy | 
		Terms |
		Contact









Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC $794,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC $794,000 Financing
Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC just submitted form D announcing $794,000 financing.  This is a new filing. Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC was able to sell $79,400. That is 10% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $794,000. The financing was made by 1 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $10,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-25. Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC is based in  10 W MAIN ST, SUITE 603  ARDMORE 73401. The firm's business is Oil and Gas. The firm's revenue range is $1 - $1,000,000. The form was signed by  Daniel Sauer.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001687699




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
OKLAHOMA
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

10 W MAIN ST, SUITE 603

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


ARDMORE
OKLAHOMA
73401
580-798-0653


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Sauer
Daniel


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

10 W. Main St, Ste 603

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Ardmore
OKLAHOMA
73401



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





X
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


X
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



X
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


  
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-10-10

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
X
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$10,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$794,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$79,400

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$714,600

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


X
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.
0



Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
1


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$79,400

USD

X
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Private Placement Memorandum discloses that the managing venturer will receive 10% of proceeds for administration purposes.Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC
Daniel Sauer
Daniel Sauer
Managing Member
2016-10-24


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-25New Form D$794,000$79,400$714,600$10,000104[view]
Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC List of ExecutivesDaniel Sauer











Last visited: Taurus CD 176 Atlanta Industrial Portfolio I LP, Tell-tale Capital Growth & Opportunity Fund, LP, Term Fund 2014, Term Fund 2015, Term Fund 2016

								© 
							




















About Us – Vertical Petroleum Industries


























































 






About UsYou are here: Home / About Us





Vertical Petroleum Industries was founded by a real estate and oil investor who was tired of being offered overpriced projects from people who had little to no control over major development decisions. He assembled a team with a trusted operator and geologist to acquire and develop proven shallow vertical fields in northern Texas.
 
 

Dan Sauer, President of Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC
President and CEO of Vertical Petroleum Industries LLC in Ardmore, Oklahoma. Dan has been involved in Capital Funding for both oil and gas projects and for National and International Real Estate Projects for over 20 years. His experience includes 10 years as Director of Funding for projects totaling in excess of $60 million per year. In addition to Dan’s commercial real estate experience, Dan actively manages his personal portfolio of residential rental properties. Dan lives in the Plainview district of Ardmore, Oklahoma with Christie, his wife of 22 years, and their children.
 
 
 

 Newport Operating LLC
Newport Operating LLC was founded by an oil and gas investor in 2013 to maintain closer control over the development and day to day operations of his interests. Since that time, Newport has successfully operated numerous shallow wells in the area by building strong relationships with the community and local industry partners. Newport’s field operations supervisor began in the industry in 1995. Mr. Fort has drilled more than 200 successful shallow wells and oversees third party drilling contractors, geophysicists, engineers, and service companies.
 
 


LGT Corporation – Geology
LGT’s team consists of engineers, physicists, geophysicists, and geologist that have worked together over the last eight years to develop specialized software tools and analytical capability for the exploration, development, and evaluation of oil and gas prospects. LGT has pioneered the use of advanced geostatistics to integrate a wide range of independent datasets in order to maximize subsurface understanding and improve commercial success rates. Using conventional seismic and well log data, LGT supplements this data with isostatic gravity, magnetics, specialized radar, thermal imaging, radiometrics, geomorphology, formation mapping, and hyperspectral imaging. The combination of these independent datasets substantially reduces the risk of “false positives”, (dry holes) and improves the chances of commercial success.
 

Dr. Robert Miles, President of LGT Corporation
Dr. Rob Miles holds a PhD in Applied Physics from Caltech and a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from the US Naval Academy. He served as a Nuclear Engineer in the Navy under Admiral Rickover and performed material characterization research at IBM’s Research Center in York Town Heights. He also worked at NASAs Jet Propulsion Labs on remote methods for material characterization. He worked at McKinsey and Company, consulting on risk analysis and risk management for several major companies in the energy industry.  At Koch Industries, Dr. Miles analyzed new technology developments in oil and gas. Before the start of LGT, he worked with Hunt Oil and Sevin Rosen Funds to evaluate oil and gas exploration technologies for investment and development.
 
 

Dr. Scott Douglas, Chief Technology Officer of LGT Corporation
Dr. Scott Douglas earned his B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Stanford.  He is a Full Professor of Electrical Engineering at Southern Methodist University and is a recognized world expert in signal processing techniques and methods.  He has published numerous book chapters and over 150 journal and conference papers on signal processing techniques, including several plenary and tutorial talks at international conferences and meetings. He has developed numerous innovative numerical methods and enhancements in various fields, including acoustics, image processing, and wireless systems.  He has worked extensively in various government projects, including sponsored work with the U.S. Army and ONR, along with collaborative efforts with several companies in the defense and information technology spaces.
 
 







Contact Information Vertical Petroleum Industries
10 W. Main Street, Suite 603
Ardmore, OK  73401
Main:  (580) 798-0653
info@vpiofok.com

 Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work

 

 

























Scroll to top









IndustrialSafety.com | Justrite 08101 Brass Drum Vent, Vertical for Petroleum






























Safety, PPE & Industrial Supplies In Stock - IndustrialSafety.com























Skip to content

      To take full advantage of this site, please enable your browser's JavaScript feature. Learn how










Toll Free:1-800-671-5080
Email: info@industrialsafety.com



Sign In  | 
My Account | 
Log Out  | 
Order Status |
                                    View Cart |
                                    Apply for Credit












Shop Our Categories



Industrial Safety LLC







Search




0













Products

Absorbents
Chemicals & Lubricants

Duragloss
QuestVapco
WD-40

Ergonomics

Back Supports
Elbow Supports

Face Protection
Fall Protection

Controlled Descent Devices
Flexible Vertical Cable Climbing Systems
Horizontal Lifelines
Roof Retractable Lifeline Systems
Rope Grabs
Tripods
Self Retracting Lifelines
Anchorage Connectors
Full Body Harnesses
Lanyards

Fire Extinguishers

Amerex Fire Extinguishers
Ansul Fire Extinguishers
Alarm Accessories
Badger Fire Extinguishers
Fire Extinguisher Accessories
JL Industries
Kidde Fire Extinguishers

First Aid Kits & Supplies

AED Cabinets
Empty First Aid Kits
American Red Cross Kits
Bulk First Aid Kits
First Aid Signs
First Aid Stations
Tablets
Unitized Refills

Gas Detectors

Ammonia Gas Safety Blankets
MSA Ultima X Sensors
Macurco Gas Detection

Gloves

Anti-Vibration Gloves
Butyl & Neoprene Glovebox Gloves
Nitrile Gloves
Safety Work Gloves
Welding Gloves
Cut Resistant Gloves
Drivers Gloves

Lighting & Emergency Lights

Emergency Lighting
Emergency/Exit Lighting
Light Sticks
Mini Lights
Streamlight

Safety Glasses

Gateway Safety Glasses
Sperian Safety Glasses
Radians Safety Glasses
MCR Safety Glasses
Jackson Safety Glasses
3M Safety Glasses
DeWALT Safety Glasses
Harley Davidson Safety Glasses
Uvex Safety Glasses

Smoke Detectors
Spill Control Pallets & Sheds

Justrite EcoPolyBlend Spill Control Pallets

Traffic Safety

Lane Changer Traffic Drums
Manhole Cover Removers
Radar Signs
Traffic Cones
Value Seat Belt Covers
Windmaster Traffic Sign Stands

Quick Ship Products

Eyewash Products

Industrial Supplies

Ergodyne
Kidde
Kimberly Clark Professional
Lakeland
MCR Safety
MSA
Sqwincher
Stearns
Uniform Apparel



Suppliers

Resources

Choosing a First Aid Kit
Do 16 ounce or 32 ounce eyewash bottles meet the requirements for an eyewash?
Ebola Protection
Fall Protection

Arc Safety Fall Protection Products
DuraHoist Portable Confined Space Systems
MSA Confined Space Entry Kits
MSA FP Diamond Energy Absorbing Lanyards
Titan B-Compliant Roofing Kits
Titan ReadyRoofer Fall Protection System
Wind Energy Fall Protection

Hazardous Material Storage

Flammable Cabinet Finder
Safety Can Compatibility Chart

How do I choose the right cut resistant glove for my application?
How do I know which flammable safety cabinet to buy for my facility?
How do I select a harness for fall protection? What other components are needed?
How to Choose the Right Fire Extinguisher

Choosing a Fire Extinguisher for Business
Choosing a Fire Extinguisher for Home

Jackson Safety Cross Reference Guide
MSA Solaris Multigas Detector Guide

MSA Solaris Part Numbers

MSDS - Material Safety Data Sheets

Dupont Data Sheets
MSA Datasheets & PDF Files

North Safety Cartridge & Filter Reference Chart
OSHA News & Regulations

New OSHA Residential Construction Regulation in 2011
OSHA News Releases
OSHA Residential Construction Regulation
Top Ten Cited OSHA Safety Violations

Safety Cabinet Codes And Regulations
Sizing Charts for Apparel & Gloves

Ansell Clothing Size Guide
Ansell Sawyer Tower CPC Polyester Trilaminate Sizing Information
Glove Sizing Information
Occunomix Sizing Chart for Vests, Shirts & Sweatshirts
Stearns Flotation Vests Sizing Charts
Workrite Uniform Sizing Charts

Videos

3M Safety Videos
Educational Videos From Accuform

What do the A B C ratings mean on Fire Extinguishers?
What gloves are appropriate for protection from acid?
Which respirator cartridge should I use when painting?
Lockout & Tagout Information

Lockout/Tagout Checklist

Links

OSHA eTools



Contact Us

Exchanges & Returns
Quote Request
Freight Quote Request
Need a Custom Safety Cabinet?
Need a Custom Spill Berm?


Order Status

Quote Request
























                                    PRODUCTS
                                




                                    COMPANY INFORMATION
                                

































  
 IndustrialSafety.com > 
 Safety Cabinets & Containers > 

            

Justrite 08101 Brass Drum Vent, Vertical for Petroleum















 
























  Our Price: $60.17  


Manufacturer Part Number(s): 08101
Manufacturer: Justrite MFG


Industrial Safety Item #: JUSTRITE-08101 





                              Qty: 
















































                        Description
                









 



















ATTRIBUTES


SPECIFICATION




Material
  Specifications:


Brass




Flame Arrestor
  Material:


N/A




Cover Type/Closure
  Type:


None




NPS-NPT:


2"




 


51 (mm)




Approvals:


FM








































Please contact us for bulk pricing or shipping quotes - quotes@industrialsafety.com.  
Many Justrite products are too large to ship UPS or Fedex Ground, for large items we will contact you with a freight shipping rate.
All cabinets, including smaller cabinets must ship freight.
Free shipping on Justrite orders over $3500, not including 2 and 4 drum drum sheds, IBC drum sheds, outdoor safety lockers, spill containment caddies, drum management systems, double and single drum collection centers, overpack salvage drums and steel spill pallets.





















          Customers who viewed this product also viewed







 
Justrite 08006 Poly Drum Vent, Vertical for Solvents






 
Justrite 09701 Oily Waste Can with Foot Cover, 21 Gallon, Yellow






 
Justrite 09101 Oily Waste Can W/Foot Cover, 6 Gallon, Yellow






 
Justrite 08201 Drum Funnel, Stl, S/C, Sml










  Our Price: $50.95  

Add 










  Our Price: $99.20  

Add 










  Our Price: $53.38  

Add 










  Our Price: $73.02  

Add 


































 
Justrite 09700 Oily Waste Can with Foot Cover, 21 Gallon, Red






 
Justrite 09110 Oily Waste Can with Hand Cover, 6 Gallon, Red






 
Justrite 08005 Poly Drum Vent, Vertical for Petroleum






 
Justrite 08214 Funnel Tip Over Kit, W/O Funnl










  Our Price: $89.23  

Add 










  Our Price: $42.47  

Add 










  Our Price: $34.83  

Add 










  Our Price: $426.56  

Add 










































Browse for more products in the same category as this item:

 Safety Cabinets & Containers




 

 
 

Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Join our mailing list for exclusive offers and updates!


Subscribe



 Have questions? Call Us Toll Free: 1-800-671-5080










                                   Copyright © 2017 
                                          Industrial Safety LLC.
                                     | 
                                    
                                        All Rights Reserved.
                                        Volusion

 












 





























