

	VERTIMASS Trademark of Vertimass, LLC. Serial Number: 86524843 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Lubricant and Fuel Products
VERTIMASS










 
Get FREE email alerts













VERTIMASS  Trademark Information
 Vertimass, LLC
Renewable fuels
Cultivation of starch, cane sugar, wood, grasses and agriculture and forestry residues used to produce ethanol for alternative fuels




Perfect for these industries

Lubricant and Fuel Products
Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 





Words that describe this mark
renewable   fuels    
                                    




This is a brand page for the VERTIMASS trademark by Vertimass, LLC 
                                in Irvine, CA, 92614.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this VERTIMASS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Vertimass, LLC of the VERTIMASS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the VERTIMASS trademark.
                           


Status Update!
                          On Wednesday, July 19, 2017, status on the VERTIMASS trademark changed to SECOND EXTENSION - GRANTED.
                        






On Wednesday, February 04, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        VERTIMASS by 
                        Vertimass, LLC, Irvine, CA  92614.
                        The USPTO has given the VERTIMASS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86524843.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is SECOND EXTENSION - GRANTED.
                        The correspondent listed for VERTIMASS is 
                        
                        
                                            THOMAS J. SPEISS, III of 
                                            STRADLING YOCCA CARLSON & RAUTH P C,  100 WILSHIRE BLVD 4TH FL, SANTA MONICA, CA 90401 
                                .
                            The VERTIMASS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Lubricant and Fuel Products
                                , 
                                    Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for VERTIMASS 
                            is Renewable fuels. 
                            





Word mark:
 VERTIMASS


  Status/Status Date:  


SECOND EXTENSION - GRANTED

7/19/2017



  Serial Number:  
86524843


  Filing Date:  
2/4/2015


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Renewable fuels


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/23/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

Vertimass, LLCIrvine, CA  92614
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


THOMAS J. SPEISS, III
STRADLING YOCCA CARLSON & RAUTH P C
100 WILSHIRE BLVD 4TH FL
SANTA MONICA, CA 90401






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (004) - Industrial oils and greases; lubricants; dust absorbing, wetting and binding compositions; fuels (including motor spirit) and illuminants; candles and wicks for lighting. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (044) - Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals; agriculture, horticulture and forestry services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your VERTIMASS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/19/2017
SECOND EXTENSION - GRANTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



THOMAS J. SPEISS, III


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of VERTIMASS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search vertimass on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for VERTIMASS 




VERTIMASS is providing Renewable fuels.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Vertimass to Present at U.S. Department of Energy’s Annual Bioenergy Technology Office (BETO) 
         










    










 













 











 



















Vertimass to Present at U.S. Department of Energy's Annual Bioenergy Technology Office (BETO) Conference
        																																
              

          One of four advanced biofuels and bioproducts technology companies invited to present
        











 News provided by
Vertimass LLC  
Apr 20, 2017, 10:00 ET









 Share this article




























































IRVINE, Calif., April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Vertimass LLC is proud to announce that it is one of four companies selected to present at the "Pitch for a Green Future" session at the "Bioeconomy 2017: Domestic Resources for a Vibrant Future" conference being held at the Sheraton Pentagon City Hotel in Arlington, Virginia July 11-12, 2017.








The conference is hosted by the U.S. Department of Energy's Bioenergy Technologies Office (BETO) and provides a unique platform for representatives from the bioenergy industry, Congress, state and federal agencies, national laboratories, academia, and the financial community to focus on opportunities to grow and achieve a stronger bioeconomy. The Clean Energy Research and Education Foundation (CEREF) is a lead partner for the conference, which attracts approximately 600 participants. 
Vertimass was extended the invitation to present by James Spaeth, Program Manager, Demonstration & Market Transformation, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy on behalf of Dr. Jonathan Male, Director, BETO, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. 
John R. Hannon, PhD, Chief Operating Officer of Vertimass will present on the company's new pathway to enhance use of biomass-derived renewable fuels.  Vertimass acquired the exclusive worldwide license of this novel approach invented at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) to convert ethanol into gasoline blend stocks and higher value chemical coproducts (BTX).  In addition to achieving essentially complete conversion of ethanol into hydrocarbons, the Vertimass approach has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and U.S. reliance on foreign sources of oil. The technology allows ethanol producers to bypass the 10 percent "blend wall" for blending with gasoline and opens up new markets for ethanol for use in heavy duty vehicles and air travel as well as markets for valuable chemicals. 
"We are delighted to be one of the four companies selected by the Department of Energy to present," said Dr. Charles Wyman, Vertimass President and Chief Executive Officer. Chairman William Shopoff noted, "We are extremely pleased to have the opportunity to showcase our green catalyst renewal fuels technology. We are very proud of the technology, which can be rapidly and inexpensively integrated into existing ethanol plants to help meet the goals of the Renewable Fuel Standard and also aid the Federal Aviation Administration in achieving their target of one billion gallons of renewable aviation fuel by 2018."
In 2015, Vertimass received an award of $2 million by the U.S. Department of Energy's BioEnergy Technology Office (BETO) to accelerate building the foundation to scale up this transformational technology for converting ethanol into hydrocarbons for blending with gasoline, diesel, and jet fuels.
Vertimass obtained the exclusive worldwide license to technology developed by Oak Ridge National Laboratory, where scientists invented novel catalysts that convert a wide range of alcohols including ethanol and butanol into hydrocarbon blend stocks that can be used in existing gasoline, diesel, and jet engines without modifications. In addition, this process can produce renewable chemicals including benzene, toluene, and xylenes (BTX).  
About Vertimass LLC
Vertimass LLC is based in Irvine, Calif. The mission of Vertimass LLC is to develop and widely license breakthrough technologies that substantially expand the use of sustainable transportation fuels that reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve energy security and domestic economies. Commercialization will lead to the widespread use of proprietary Vertimass technology for low cost production of sustainable transportation fuels that can overcome the blend wall that currently impedes expansion of sustainable fuels production and open up new large fuel markets for aircraft and heavy duty vehicles from multiple sources of biomass. For more information, visit http://www.vertimass.com/.
This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any security. Such an offer may only be made by means of an offering document that must accompany or precede this information. There is no assurance that this strategy will succeed to meet its objectives. All investments have risk including loss of investment; please see the risk factors section of the offering document.  Securities offered through © 2017 Shopoff Securities, Inc. Member FINRA/SIPC.




 Contact:  
 Jill Swartz            



 Spotlight Marketing Communications 



 949.427.5172, ext. 703  



 jill@spotlight.marcom.com  




 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vertimass-to-present-at-us-department-of-energys-annual-bioenergy-technology-office-beto-conference-300442510.html
SOURCE Vertimass LLC
 Related Links

http://www.vertimass.com



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Vertimass to Present at U.S. Department of Energy's Annual Bioenergy Technology Office (BETO) Conference


 News provided by
Vertimass LLC  
Apr 20, 2017, 10:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


