    Rupert Vessey | Juno Therapeutics, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com 



Juno Therapeutics Appoints Rupert Vessey to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Juno Therapeutics Appoints Rupert Vessey to Board of Directors






April 19, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Juno Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: JUNO), a biopharmaceutical company 
      developing innovative cellular immunotherapies for the treatment of 
      cancer, today announced it has appointed to its Board of Directors Dr. 
      Rupert Vessey, President of Research and Early Development of Celgene 
      Corporation.
    


      Dr. Vessey brings significant drug development capabilities to the Juno 
      Board. Before joining Celgene in January 2015, Dr. Vessey was Senior 
      Vice President of Early Development and Discovery Sciences at Merck and 
      had numerous roles of increasing responsibility at GlaxoSmithKline in 
      drug discovery, experimental medicine, and early clinical development of 
      therapeutics for respiratory and immune diseases.
    

      “Rupert has tremendous knowledge in immunology and experience in both 
      drug development and building an efficient, world class research 
      organization that will be invaluable during this phase of growth at 
      Juno,” said Hans Bishop, Juno’s President and CEO. “Our collaboration 
      with Celgene is an important component of our business, and we are 
      pleased to have Rupert’s extensive skills added to our Board.”
    

      “I believe engineered cell therapy will play an increasingly important 
      role in our industry’s future, and I am excited to join Juno’s Board of 
      Directors,” said Dr. Vessey. “Celgene and Juno intend to lead this field 
      and bring these potentially transformative therapies to patients around 
      the world. I look forward to working with management and the rest of the 
      Board to advance the pipeline and achieve these goals.”
    

      Dr. Vessey will serve as Celgene’s designated appointee to the Juno 
      Board. Tom Daniel, MD, joined the Juno Board of Directors in 2015 upon 
      the closing of the Celgene / Juno collaboration agreement as the Celgene 
      designated appointee. Dr. Daniel has agreed to remain on the Board as an 
      independent director.
    

      Dr. Vessey graduated from Oxford University with degrees in 
      Physiological Sciences (MA), Clinical Medicine (BM BCh), and Molecular 
      Immunology (DPhil). He is an elected Fellow of the Royal College of 
      Physicians.
    

ABOUT JUNO


      Juno Therapeutics is building a fully integrated biopharmaceutical 
      company focused on developing innovative cellular immunotherapies for 
      the treatment of cancer. Founded on the vision that the use of human 
      cells as therapeutic entities will drive one of the next important 
      phases in medicine, Juno is developing cell-based cancer immunotherapies 
      based on chimeric antigen receptor and high-affinity T cell receptor 
      technologies to genetically engineer T cells to recognize and kill 
      cancer. Juno is developing multiple cell-based product candidates to 
      treat a variety of B-cell malignancies as well as solid tumors. Several 
      product candidates have shown compelling clinical responses in clinical 
      trials in refractory leukemia and lymphoma conducted to date. Juno's 
      long-term aim is to leverage its cell-based platform to develop new 
      product candidates that address a broader range of cancers and human 
      diseases. Juno brings together innovative technologies from some of the 
      world's leading research institutions, including the Fred Hutchinson 
      Cancer Research Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, Seattle 
      Children's Research Institute (SCRI), the University of California, San 
      Francisco, and The National Cancer Institute. Juno Therapeutics has an 
      exclusive license to the St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital patented 
      technology for CD19-directed product candidates that use 4-1BB, which 
      was developed by Dario Campana, Chihaya Imai, and St. Jude 
      Children’s Research Hospital. Juno’s product candidate JCAR017 was 
      developed in collaboration with SCRI and others.
    

ABOUT THE JUNO-CELGENE COLLABORATION


      Celgene Corporation and Juno Therapeutics formed a collaboration in June 
      2015 under which the two companies will leverage T cell therapeutic 
      strategies to develop treatments for patients with cancer and autoimmune 
      diseases with an initial focus on chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and T 
      cell receptor (TCR) technologies. In April 2016, Celgene exercised its 
      option to develop and commercialize the Juno CD19 program outside North 
      America and China.
    

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


      This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the 
      meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 
      27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities 
      Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding Juno’s mission, 
      progress, and business plans, and the potential of the collaboration 
      between Juno and Celgene. Forward-looking statements are subject to 
      risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
      materially from such forward-looking statements, and reported results 
      should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These 
      risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks 
      associated with: the success, cost, and timing of Juno's product 
      development activities and clinical trials; Juno's ability to obtain 
      regulatory approval for and to commercialize its product candidates; 
      Juno's ability to establish a commercially-viable manufacturing process 
      and manufacturing infrastructure; regulatory requirements and regulatory 
      developments; success of Juno's competitors with respect to competing 
      treatments and technologies; Juno's dependence on third-party 
      collaborators and other contractors in Juno's research and development 
      activities, including for the conduct of clinical trials and the 
      manufacture of Juno's product candidates; Juno's dependence 
      on Celgene for the development and commercialization outside of North 
      America and China of Juno’s CD19 product candidates and any other 
      product candidates for which Celgene exercises an option; Juno’s 
      dependence on JW Therapeutics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, over which Juno does 
      not exercise complete control, for the development and commercialization 
      of product candidates in China; Juno's ability to obtain, maintain, or 
      protect intellectual property rights related to its product candidates; 
      amongst others. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties 
      that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these 
      forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Juno's business 
      in general, see Juno's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with 
      the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2017 and Juno’s other 
      periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. Juno 
      disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
    


Contacts

      Juno Therapeutics, Inc.Investor Relations:Nicole Keith, 
      206-566-5521nikki.keith@junotherapeutics.comorMedia:Christopher 
      Williams, 206-566-5660chris.williams@junotherapeutics.com
















Contacts

      Juno Therapeutics, Inc.Investor Relations:Nicole Keith, 
      206-566-5521nikki.keith@junotherapeutics.comorMedia:Christopher 
      Williams, 206-566-5660chris.williams@junotherapeutics.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Rupert Vessey, Celgene Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





Rupert Vessey

Exec VP/Pres:Research & Early Dev,
Celgene Corp






Career History




Exec VP/Pres:Research & Early Dev
Celgene Corp, 1/2016-PRESENT


Senior VP:Translational Development
Celgene Corp, 1/2015-1/2016









Website:
www.celgene.com






Corporate Information
Address:

86 Morris Avenue
Summit, NJ 07901
United States


Phone:
1-908-673-9000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.celgene.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Oxford
Graduated


University of Oxford
PhD








Memberships



Board Memberships




Juno Therapeutics Inc


Board Member, 4/2017-PRESENT






Other Memberships




 Royal College of Physicians


Fellow









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































 












Rupert Vessey, Celgene Corporation President, Research & Early Development & EVP - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Rupert  Vessey
President, Research & Early Development & EVP, Celgene Corporation

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Rupert  Vessey at Celgene Corporation. Rupert  Vessey works as President, Research & Early Development & EVP , acting in a Executive Management role .  Celgene Corporation is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/27/2017:


Celgene (CELG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Scott Andrew Smith - Celgene Corp.
Rupert Vessey - Celgene Corp.
Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
.....

People In This Article:
Mark Alles
,                                            Patrick E. Flanigan, III
,                                            Peter N. Kellogg
,                                            Robert J. Hugin
,                                            Rupert Vessey
,                                            Scott A. Smith
,                                            Terrie Curran
 

07/26/2017:


Celgene Corporation (CELG) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds

..... The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Rupert Vessey sold 4,785 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $120.18, for a total transaction of $575,061.30. .....

People In This Article:
Rupert Vessey
 






Learn more about Rupert  Vessey  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Rupert  Vessey and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















WhatsOnThorold | News – Analysis														






 









































































Market News
Penny Stock News
Stock News
Trending Stock News




Today's Date:  Saturday, July 29th, 2017
						

Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]

							 

						







Market News


More »
		
	


South Street Advisors Has Trimmed Its Seagate Technology (STX) Stake; 2 Analysts Covering Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI)
Darrin Black
South Street Advisors Llc decreased Seagate Technology (STX) stake by 32.69% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. South Street Advisors Llc sold 12,860 shares as Seagate Technology (STX)’s stock declined 9.82%. The South Street Advisors Llc holds 26,480 shares with $1.01 million value, down from 39,340 last quarter. Seagate Technology now has $9.67 ... 




Zevin Asset Management Lifted Auto Data Processing (ADP) Stake; Weight Watchers International (WTW) Sentiment Is 1.13
Winifred Garcia
Weight Watchers International, Inc. is a well-known provider of weight management services. The company has market cap of $2.38 billion. The Firm operates globally through a network of Company-owned and franchise operations. It has a 27.51 P/E ratio. The Company’s branded services and products include meetings conducted by its franchisees, digital weight ... 


Marshfield Associates Has Lowered Its Cummins (CMI) Position, Shorts at Bunge Limited (BG) Lowered By 21.73%
Louis Casey
Marshfield Associates decreased Cummins Inc (CMI) stake by 3.29% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Marshfield Associates sold 20,744 shares as Cummins Inc (CMI)’s stock rose 1.30%. The Marshfield Associates holds 610,635 shares with $83.46M value, down from 631,379 last quarter. Cummins Inc now has $28.09B valuation. The stock increased 0.89% or $1.47 ... 




Ashford Capital Management Cut Meta Financial Group (CASH) Holding By $4.07 Million; Suntrust Banks Cut Its Tractor Supply Co (TSCO) Position
Hm Payson & Company Upped Its Phillips 66 (PSX) Position, America First Investment Advisors Has Lifted Its Cdk Global  (CDK) Position
Rothschild Asset Management Has Lifted Lydall Del (LDL) Position By $3.17 Million; H. Lundbeck A S- ADR (HLUYY) Had 2 Bulls
Lombard Odier Asset Management Switzerland Sa Has Raised Its Ulta Salon Cosmetcs & Frag I (ULTA) Holding; Prudential Plc Has Trimmed Its Morgan Stanley Group (MS) Holding
Hikari Tsushin Cut Its Medtronic (MDT) Holding; Becton Dickinson & Company (BDX) Shorts Down By 0.2%
Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association Of America Has Cut Rsp Permian (RSPP) Position; Tricadia Capital Management Lowered By $3.85 Million Its Danaher Del (DHR) Stake
Capital Research Global Investors Cut Its Clubcorp Holdings (MYCC) Stake, Nicholas Investment Partners LP Has Cut Microsemi (MSCC) Holding
Whale Rock Capital Management Has Cut By $3.58 Million Its Epam Sys (EPAM) Stake; Physicians Realty Trust (DOC)’s Sentiment Is 1.11
Rbf Capital Has Decreased Pepsico (PEP) Holding By $520,000; Tortoise Energy Infrastructure (TYG) Has 1.22 Sentiment
Rbf Capital Raised Morgan Stanley (MS) Position By $32.77 Million, 3 Bullish Analysts Covering Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP)
Aviance Capital Management Raised Fluor (FLR) Position By $684,424, La Quinta Holdings (LQ) Had 3 Bulls
Paloma Partners Management Company Has Lifted Celgene (Call) (CELG) Position, 8 Analysts Are Bullish Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Last Week
Partner Fund Management LP Has Increased Salesforce Com (CRM) Holding By $38.58 Million, 4 Bullish Analysts Covering FormFactor, Inc. (FORM)
Raging Capital Management Boosted Ashford Hospitality Prime In (AHP) Stake By $6.11 Million, Banc California (BANC) Shorts Up By 4.59%
Nokomis Capital Lifted Intest (INTT) Holding By $500,460; Shorts at Blackrock (BLK) Raised By 12.91%
Viking Global Investors LP Has Lifted Its Biomarin Pharmaceutical (BMRN) Stake; Shorts at Bank of America (BAC) Raised By 15.02%
Clearline Capital LP Has Lowered Its Travelport Worldwide LTD (TVPT) Position; ALLOY STEEL INTERNATIONAL (AYSI) Shorts Down By 50%
Cushing Asset Management LP Cut Devon Energy New (DVN) Position; Acuity Brands (AYI) SI Increased By 10.65%
Gates Capital Management Has Decreased By $7.70 Million Its Davita (DVA) Position; 1 Analysts Covering BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS)






Stock News


More »
		
	




Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Reaches $6.04 After 3.00% Up Move; State Street Decreased Its Chemtura (CHMT) Holding
Marguerite Chambers
The stock of Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NYSE:NAT) is a huge mover today! The stock increased 2.72% or $0.16 during ... 

Congress Asset Management Company Decreased Its Facebook (FB) Position, Build A Bear Workshop (BBW) Shorts Down By 5.92%
Linda Rogers
Congress Asset Management Company decreased Facebook Inc (FB) stake by 6.13% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Congress Asset Management Company ... 

Fj Capital Management Has Lowered Its Hometrust Bancshares (HTBI) Holding; Investec Asset Management LTD Has Lifted By $2.23 Million Its Thor Industries (THO) Holding
Adrian Mccoy
Investec Asset Management Ltd increased Thor Industries Inc (THO) stake by 2.65% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Investec Asset Management ... 


Canyon Capital Advisors Has Cut Its Comcast New (CMCSA) Holding, Select Medical (SEM)’s Sentiment Is 1.23
Winifred Garcia
Select Medical Holdings Corporation is an operator of specialty hospitals, outpatient rehabilitation clinics and occupational medicine centers in the United ... 


Nokomis Capital Decreased Its Echostar (SATS) Position, City Holding Company (CHCO) Had 0 Bullish Analysts
Ruchi Gupta
Nokomis Capital Llc decreased Echostar Corp (SATS) stake by 15.47% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Nokomis Capital Llc sold 46,338 ... 

Valinor Management Has Increased By $15.95 Million Its Facebook (FB) Holding, Zumiez (ZUMZ) Has 1.62 Sentiment
olga
Zumiez Inc., including its subsidiaries, is a specialty retailer of apparel, footwear, accessories and hardgoods for young men and women ... 



Deere & Company (DE) Reaches $128.91 High on Jul, 28; State Street Raised Its Hunt (Jb) Transprt Svcs (JBHT) Stake
Winifred Garcia
The stock of Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) reached all time high today, Jul, 28 and still has $134.07 target or ... 

Green Square Capital Decreased By $597,870 Its Qualcomm (QCOM) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Lowered St Jude Med (STJ) Holding By $8.00 Million
Peter Erickson
Bbt Capital Management Llc decreased St Jude Med Inc (STJ) stake by 50.51% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Bbt Capital ... 

Nokota Management LP Has Raised Intel (INTC) Position; Bio Path Holdings DE (BPTH) Shorts Increased By 1.64%
whatsonthorold
Bio Path Holdings DE (NASDAQ:BPTH) had an increase of 1.64% in short interest. BPTH’s SI was 4.09M shares in July ... 


Saba Capital Management LP Raised By $1.67 Million Its Tenet Healthcare (THC) Position; Tcw Group Has Cut Pfizer (PFE) Holding By $5.03 Million
Adrian Erickson
Tcw Group Inc decreased Pfizer Inc (PFE) stake by 4.24% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Tcw Group Inc sold 157,265 ... 


Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company Has Lifted Its Scana New (SCG) Position, Last Week AIXTRON SE (ETR:AIXA) Analysts
Richard Conner
Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company increased Scana Corp New (SCG) stake by 590.11% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Northwestern Mutual ... 



Valinor Management Has Increased By $15.95 Million Its Facebook (FB) Holding, Zumiez (ZUMZ) Has 1.62 Sentiment
Nwq Investment Management Company Increased Symantec (SYMC) Holding By $25.53 Million; 2 Bullish Analysts Covering Big 5 Sporting Goods (BGFV)
Alyeska Investment Group LP Has Boosted Its Tesaro (TSRO) Holding; AYTU BIOSCIENCE  INC. COMMON STO (AYTU) Shorts Down By 7.26%
Mason Street Advisors Boosted Intercontinental Exchange In (ICE) Holding, Axsome Therapeutics (AXSM) Shorts Up By 12.96%
Force Capital Management Lowered Its Copart (CPRT) Stake, Edgewood Management Upped Priceline Grp (PCLN) Stake By $1.27 Million
White Elm Capital Has Lowered By $4.17 Million Its Sei Investments Co (SEIC) Stake; Sectoral Asset Management Cut Its Celgene (CELG) Holding
TCG BDC (CGBD) Touches $18.54 High on Jul, 28, 6 Analysts Covering Ring Energy (NYSEMKT:REI)
Point72 Asia Hong Kong LTD Has Increased Cognizant Technology Solutio (CTSH) Stake By $478,072; Shorts at AVERAGE TECH N V (AVGTF) Raised By 0.22%
Sequoia Financial Advisors Has Lifted Its Wal (WMT) Holding; Ws Management Lllp Has Decreased United States Stl New (Call) (X) Stake By $52.88 Million
Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers Has Increased Its Hain Celestial Group (HAIN) Holding; Cg Asset Management Has Lowered Its Autodesk (ADSK) Stake





 





 
Free Email Newsletter 
Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Top NewsiShares Morningstar Mid Value Idx (ETF) (JKI) Trades at $149.60 After Triangle; Vanguard Ftse Developed Markets Etf (NYSEARCA:VEA) Shorts Up By 4.26%1832 Asset Management LP Trimmed Dollar Gen New (DG) Position, Cyrusone (CONE) Sentiment Is 1.1Maltese Capital Management Has Cut Southwest Bancorp Okla (OKSB) Holding, Analogic Has 1.25 SentimentBrighton Jones Has Cut Its Paccar (PCAR) Position; Mitchell Capital Management Co Decreased Express Scripts Holdings Co. (ESRX) Position By $467,296Group One Trading LP Decreased Its Macquarie Infrastructure Cor (MIC) Position; Last Week Servelec Group PLC (LON:SERV) Analysts




© Copyright 2016 Whats On Thorold Inc - mmahotstuff.com       About - Editorial - Contact















            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell



            
Lists*Consumer Eagle



>

	






























Dr. Rupert Vessey - Whitehouse Station, NJ, Merck, University of Oxford | about.meDr. Rupert VesseyWhitehouse Station, NJCurrently Dr. Rupert Vessey functions as head of early development and discovery sciences with Merck Research Laboratories, a research and development healthcare company. Dr. Vessey has been in the pharmaceutical industry since 1997, having begun his tenure working for GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) in the United Kingdom. During his time at GSK, he focused on drug discovery, experimental medicine, and early clinical development and contributed to projects involving DNA vaccines and monoclonal antibodies. Over the course of his subsequent career with Merck, Dr. Rupert Vessey has served in roles such as vice president of drug discovery and site head for Boston and Kenilworth.A Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in London, Dr. Rupert Vessey completed his education and clinical training in the United Kingdom. He earned his M.D. from Oxford University and his PhD from the Institute for Molecular Medicine. He also trained at the John Radcliffe Hospital and the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, both in England.#sports#rugby#gardening#scientificpublicationsWorkMerckEducationUniversity of OxfordJuno Therapeutics Appoints Rupert Vessey to Board of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballJuno Therapeutics Appoints Rupert Vessey to Board of DirectorsBusiness WireApril 19, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareSEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Juno Therapeutics, Inc. (JUNO), a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative cellular immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer, today announced it has appointed to its Board of Directors Dr. Rupert Vessey, President of Research and Early Development of Celgene Corporation.Dr. Vessey brings significant drug development capabilities to the Juno Board. Before joining Celgene in January 2015, Dr. Vessey was Senior Vice President of Early Development and Discovery Sciences at Merck and had numerous roles of increasing responsibility at GlaxoSmithKline in drug discovery, experimental medicine, and early clinical development of therapeutics for respiratory and immune diseases.“Rupert has tremendous knowledge in immunology and experience in both drug development and building an efficient, world class research organization that will be invaluable during this phase of growth at Juno,” said Hans Bishop, Juno’s President and CEO. “Our collaboration with Celgene is an important component of our business, and we are pleased to have Rupert’s extensive skills added to our Board.”“I believe engineered cell therapy will play an increasingly important role in our industry’s future, and I am excited to join Juno’s Board of Directors,” said Dr. Vessey. “Celgene and Juno intend to lead this field and bring these potentially transformative therapies to patients around the world. I look forward to working with management and the rest of the Board to advance the pipeline and achieve these goals.”Dr. Vessey will serve as Celgene’s designated appointee to the Juno Board. Tom Daniel, MD, joined the Juno Board of Directors in 2015 upon the closing of the Celgene / Juno collaboration agreement as the Celgene designated appointee. Dr. Daniel has agreed to remain on the Board as an independent director.Dr. Vessey graduated from Oxford University with degrees in Physiological Sciences (MA), Clinical Medicine (BM BCh), and Molecular Immunology (DPhil). He is an elected Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians.ABOUT JUNOJuno Therapeutics is building a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on developing innovative cellular immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Founded on the vision that the use of human cells as therapeutic entities will drive one of the next important phases in medicine, Juno is developing cell-based cancer immunotherapies based on chimeric antigen receptor and high-affinity T cell receptor technologies to genetically engineer T cells to recognize and kill cancer. Juno is developing multiple cell-based product candidates to treat a variety of B-cell malignancies as well as solid tumors. Several product candidates have shown compelling clinical responses in clinical trials in refractory leukemia and lymphoma conducted to date. Juno's long-term aim is to leverage its cell-based platform to develop new product candidates that address a broader range of cancers and human diseases. Juno brings together innovative technologies from some of the world's leading research institutions, including the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, Seattle Children's Research Institute (SCRI), the University of California, San Francisco, and The National Cancer Institute. Juno Therapeutics has an exclusive license to the St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital patented technology for CD19-directed product candidates that use 4-1BB, which was developed by Dario Campana, Chihaya Imai, and St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital. Juno’s product candidate JCAR017 was developed in collaboration with SCRI and others.ABOUT THE JUNO-CELGENE COLLABORATIONCelgene Corporation and Juno Therapeutics formed a collaboration in June 2015 under which the two companies will leverage T cell therapeutic strategies to develop treatments for patients with cancer and autoimmune diseases with an initial focus on chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and T cell receptor (TCR) technologies. In April 2016, Celgene exercised its option to develop and commercialize the Juno CD19 program outside North America and China.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding Juno’s mission, progress, and business plans, and the potential of the collaboration between Juno and Celgene. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks associated with: the success, cost, and timing of Juno's product development activities and clinical trials; Juno's ability to obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize its product candidates; Juno's ability to establish a commercially-viable manufacturing process and manufacturing infrastructure; regulatory requirements and regulatory developments; success of Juno's competitors with respect to competing treatments and technologies; Juno's dependence on third-party collaborators and other contractors in Juno's research and development activities, including for the conduct of clinical trials and the manufacture of Juno's product candidates; Juno's dependence on Celgene for the development and commercialization outside of North America and China of Juno’s CD19 product candidates and any other product candidates for which Celgene exercises an option; Juno’s dependence on JW Therapeutics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, over which Juno does not exercise complete control, for the development and commercialization of product candidates in China; Juno's ability to obtain, maintain, or protect intellectual property rights related to its product candidates; amongst others. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Juno's business in general, see Juno's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2017 and Juno’s other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. Juno disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170419005749/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextDynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) Meets the FDA: All Eyes on HeplisavSmarterAnalystThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredBehind Uber’s Messy CEO Search Is a Divided BoardroomBloombergCelgene (CELG) Beats on Q2 Earnings & SalesZacksThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceIt's Easily the No. 1 Stock to OwnBanyan HillSponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoTrump replaces chief of staff Reince Priebus with homeland security chief John KellyDanielle: This "presidency" is out of control.  Mueller...please bring this travesty to a stop, soon!Join the Conversation1 / 59.5k













Rupert Vessey - President, Research & Early Development at Celgene Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Rupert Vessey
President, Research & Early Development at Celgene Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Rupert Vessey
President, Research & Early Development at Celgene Corp.



 Overview



Age



52
                                  (Born 1965)
                                              




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 2,373 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
June 12, 2017





                        Dragonfly Therapeutics Announces Strategic Collaboration with Celgene to Discover and Develop Novel Natural Killer (NK) Cell-Based Immunotherapies using Dragonfly's TriNKET(TM) technology platform                    





Business Wire
May 4, 2017





                        Juno Therapeutics Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results                    





Business Wire
April 19, 2017





                        Juno Therapeutics Appoints Rupert Vessey to Board of Directors                    





Business Wire
January 26, 2017





                        Celgene to Acquire Delinia, Inc.                    





Business Wire
January 9, 2017





                        Anokion Announces Exclusive Strategic Collaboration With Celgene to Develop Novel Tolerance-Inducing Therapeutics for Autoimmune Diseases                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Jillian F. Evans

Co-Founder at PharmAkea, Inc.




John Howard Hutchinson

Co-Founder at PharmAkea, Inc.





Kevin Holme

Co-Founder at PharmAkea, Inc.




Thomas Daniel

Chairman at Celgene Research & Development LLC





Mervyn Turner

Advisor at Bay City Capital LLC




Michael Rosenblatt

Co-Founder at Radius Health, Inc.





Richard Klausner

Co-Founder at Juno Therapeutics, Inc.




Robert Hariri

Co-Founder at Human Longevity, Inc.





Robert F. Williamson III

Chief Executive Officer & Director at PharmAkea, Inc.




Howard Pien

Advisor, Life Sciences at Warburg Pincus LLC







See 2,363 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2,363 More 


 


 Paths to Rupert Vessey



            Rupert Vessey          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Rupert Vessey






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Rupert Vessey.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of Oxford

                  Oxford is a collegiate university, consisting of the central University and colleges. The central University is composed of academic departments and research centres, administrative departments, libraries and museums. The 38 colleges are self-governing and financially independent institutions, which are related to the central University in a federal system. There are also six permanent private halls, which were founded by different Christian denominations and which still retain their Christian character.                




Dphil in Molecular Immunology 


University of Oxford - Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine






Medicine 


Oxford University Medical School







 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


Royal College of Physicians of London







 Career History



President, Research & Early Development

                                    2015 - Current                


Celgene Corp.


                  Celgene is a global biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients worldwide.

At Celgene, we seek to deliver truly innovative and life-changing drugs for our patients. Our mission as a company is to build a major global biopharmaceutical corporation while focusing on the discovery, the development, and the commercialization of products for the treatment of cancer and other severe, immune, inflammatory conditions.

There are more than 300 clinical trials at major medical centers using compounds from Celgene. Investigational compounds are being studied for patients with incurable hematological and solid tumor cancers, including multiple myeloma, myelodysplastic syndromes, chronic lymphocyte leukemia (CLL), non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL), myelofibrosis, small cell lung cancer and prostate cancer.

As committed as we are to clinical accomplishment, we are equally committed to patient support, which is a guiding principle at Celgene. We believe all who can benefit from our discoveries should have the opportunity to do so. Celgene puts patients first with industry-leading programs that provide information, support and access to our innovative therapies                




Senior Vice President of Respiratory & Immunology Franchise

                                    Current                


Merck & Co., Inc.


                  Merck & Co., Inc. , d.b.a. Merck Sharp & Dohme, MSD outside the United States and Canada, is an American pharmaceutical company and is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world.                




Head, Early Development & Discovery Sciences

                                    Prior                


Merck Research Laboratories


                  Merck Research Laboratories, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., is an American company located in Boston, MA, that discovers, develops, and markets a broad range of human and animal health products.                




Senior Director of Discovery Medicine

                                    Prior                


GlaxoSmithKline Plc


                  ‘GlaxoSmithKline Plc is a global healthcare company which engages in developing, manufacturing, and marketing of pharmaceutical products including vaccines, over the counter medicines and health-related consumer products. It operates through the following segments: Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals R&D, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. The Pharmaceuticals business researches, develops and makes available medicines that treat a variety of serious and chronic diseases. The Vaccines business produces pediatric and adult vaccines to prevent a range of infectious diseases including, hepatitis A and B, diphtheria, tetanus and whooping cough, measles, mumps and rubella, polio, typhoid, influenza and bacterial meningitis. The Consumer Healthcare business markets a range of consumer health products based on scientific innovation. The company was founded on December 6, 1999 and is headquartered in Brentford, United Kingdom.                




Vice President

                                    Prior                


Target Discovery, Inc.


                  Target Discovery, Inc. provides scientific research services. It discovers, validates, and utilizes protein isoforms to improve clinical diagnosis and the management of diseases. The firm’s products address prostate cancer aggressiveness, and chemotherapy selection in breast and ovarian cancer. The company was founded by Luke V. Schneider in 1999 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2017 - Current                  


Juno Therapeutics, Inc.

                    Juno Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the development of innovative cellular immunotherapy for the treatment of cancer. It offers platforms which includes chimeric antigen receptors and T-cell receptors. The company was founded by Hans E. Bishop, Lawrence Corey, Richard D. Klausner, Stan Riddell, and Robert T. Nelsen on August 5, 2013 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


PharmAkea, Inc.

                    PharmAkea, Inc. develops small molecule drug candidates against protein targets involved in fibro proliferative diseases. It discovers and develops small molecule therapeutics directed at cancer and fibrotic diseases. The company was founded by John Howard Hutchinson, Kevin Holme and Jilly Evans in 2012 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Immunology Advisory Council

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Harvard University - Harvard Medical School

                    Harvard Medical School (HMS) is the graduate medical school of Harvard University. It is located in the Longwood Medical Area of the Mission Hill neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.The school was founded by John Warren on September 19, 1782, with Benjamin Waterhouse, and Aaron Dexter.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Rupert Vessey is affiliated with
                            Celgene Corp., Merck & Co., Inc., Merck Research Laboratories, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Target Discovery, Inc., Juno Therapeutics, Inc., PharmAkea, Inc., Harvard University - Harvard Medical School.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













