




VF Invest I LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Maher  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









VF Invest I LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1030 Old Valley Forge Road  
    King Of Prussia, PA, 19406Phone: 610-783-6650 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-14


New


$1,350,000


$1,350,000


Equity Only


3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Sean Maher 
 Director 












VF Invest I LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











VF Invest I LLC  Funding details


VF Invest I LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001687056IRS Number: 813205177Address: 1030 OLD VALLEY FORGE ROAD  KING OF PRUSSIA 19406Phone number: 610-783-6650



Latest news
VF Invest I LLC raised $1,350,000 from 3 investors on 2016-10-14.



VF Invest I LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-14New Form D$2,100,000$1,350,000$750,000$100,00033C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
VF Invest I LLC raised $1,350,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of VF Invest I LLC
Key People in VF Invest I LLC:

Sean Maher
Similar companiesVFB Broadway, LLC, VF SAND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC, VF Holding Corp., VFF I FAF, L.P., VFS Lending Services Inc., VFSVT, L.P., VFS Lending Services I LLC, VFF II FAF, L.P., VF Real Estate, L.P., VF-Sentinel Investment, LLC, Vformation Capital Investors, LLC, VFT Global LLC








Last visited companies: Fibrocell Science, Inc., Glazer Qualified Partners, L.P., Glazer Enhanced Fund, L.P., Global Security Agency Inc., Green Eagle Credit Fund LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















VF Real Estate, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











VF Real Estate, L.P.
List of persons related to the company VF Real Estate, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of VF Real Estate, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001592396IRS Number: 463929307Company address: 1030 OLD VALLEY FORGE RD  KING OF PRUSSIA 19406Phone number: 6107836650



People related to VF Real Estate, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMaher  Sean1030 Old Valley Forge Rd. King of PrussiaPA




VF Real Estate, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesVF Holding Corp., VF Invest I LLC, VF Real Estate II LP, VF SAND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC, VF(x)LP, VF-Sentinel Investment, LLC, VFB Broadway, LLC, VFD Real Estate Partners, LLC, VFF I FAF, L.P., VFF II FAF, L.P., VFF III FAF, L.P., VFL Co Invest Partners, L.P., Vformation Capital Investors, LLC, Vformity, LLC, VFS Lending Services I LLC












 






 


Strategy & Innovation :: VF Corporation (VFC)









































 
                        VF Corporation                    


105 Corporate Center Blvd.
Greensboro, 
                    North Carolina, 
                    27408

Office: (336) 424-6000












VF CorporationLinkedIn
VF CorporationYouTube
VF CorporationTwitter


NYSE: VFC













Strategy & Innovation
Powerful Platforms
At VF, it all starts with the consumer – understanding their needs and defining what we must do to win their loyalty. This means gaining a deep understanding of who they are, what they wear, what they think, what they value, how they shop and what they buy, so that we can design products and experiences they care about. 










Disciplines



Four Front-End DisciplinesBetter Choices, More Value
Our Strategy and Innovation platform comprises four front-end disciplines that shape the way we create value for our brands and consumers. We deploy these disciplines across all brands and geographies, developing innovative, compelling products and experiences that meet our consumers’ needs and help to shape the future of apparel and footwear. 





Front-End Disciplines






Strategy
Consumer Insights
Demand Creation
Innovation
View In-Depth




 





Strategy



All About Choices
At VF, business strategy, consumer insights and innovation are all about making fact-based, well-informed choices. But it's not just about choosing what to do; it's also about choosing what not to do. We take a disciplined approach to making choices that deliver long-term consumer loyalty and value to shareholders.
The strategic process begins with defining aspirations and goals, then moves on to identifying where to play and how to win, analyzing the capabilities we need to win, and finally measuring that success. 








1
Aspiration & Goals
Defining Success

Financial Targets,Other Achievements








2
Where to Play
Pools of Value

Consumer Targets,Greographies, Channels,Categories








3
How to Win
Ensuring Superior Returns

Brand Positioning,Innovation VF Platforms








4
Capabilities
Identifying Necessary Skills

Consumer Understanding,Marketing Savvy,Direct-to-Consumer








5
Systems & Measures
Building Foundations of Success

Financial Metrics,Brand Equity,Organization








 








The Consumer is our Guide

Connecting with consumers fuels our innovation. We include them in everything we do and constantly seek insight into who they are, how they live and what unmet needs they have. Those insights play a meaningful part in defining our strategy and prioritizing our actions across the company.

VF Consumer Insights in the Past Four Years



1,000 Video Ethnographies
Consumers take pictures or shoot videos of their daily lives and the role our brands play in their lives. We analyze the footage and use these insights.




3,000 In-Person Interviews
We delve deeply into consumer motivations through one-on-one visits to homes, work places, recreation areas and stores.




125,000 People Surveyed In 15 Countries
Through global segmentation, we’re able to make well-informed decisions about how to adapt our products, communications and retail stores to meet the needs of a specific target consumer.




Lifestyle & Shopping Behavior
For us, seeing is believing. To understand how consumers shop our products, we spend time with them to learn how they shop.




Co-Creation
Using design thinking principles of empathy generation, rapid prototyping and collaboration, we develop products and experience that consumers want.







Demand Creation



It All Starts with a Promise
Successful brands forge strong, emotional connections with consumers; these connections are built on a compelling promise. Through our brand management discipline, we’re able to set a vision for each brand to define the value that it offers to consumers and articulate the promise it strives to keep
We also believe marketing spending should be held to the same standards as other investments. That’s why we measure the return on investment on our top brands in our top geographies. In aggregate, we know all of our brands now return more than $1 for every $1 spent, which has given us the confidence to invest hundreds of millions more in marketing since we started this work. 
















                        We also believe marketing spending should be held to the same standards as other investments. That’s why we measure the return on investment on our top brands in our top geographies.  In aggregate, we know all of our brands now return more than $1 for every $1 spent, which has given us the confidence to invest hundreds of millions more in marketing since we started this work.
                    







 

Innovation



Creating Value
At VF, we define innovation as “something new that creates value.” Innovation allows us to deliver new products and experiences that consistently delight consumers, and it drives organic growth and higher gross margins.
We foster a culture of innovation within our company through collaborative networks and by building the talent and skills needed to inspire new ideas.
At the same time, we go beyond the walls of VF to work with outside experts and other companies to provide our leaders and teams with new perspectives that can help them solve problems and discover new opportunities. 







Global Innovation Centers







Innovation Centers
Three centers – technical apparel, footwear and jeanswear – are working on ways to offer new breakthrough benefits and new levels of current product benefits to our target consumer.




Experience
Collaborating with key wholesale partners and consumers, we’re reinventing how consumers engage our brands with amplified point-of-sale presences and storytelling, which continue to improve productivity for our wholesale partners and our own stores.






VF Innovation Fund
The VF Innovation Fund taps into the creativity of our associates around the globe by providing financial support to projects that bring new, innovative ideas to the table.




Innovation Culture [Go Outside]
Our mantra of “Go Outside for New Ideas” has provided a simple behavior change every VF associate could engage in. Innovation progress is fueled by more ideas; more ideas are fueled by more contact within VF and between VF and its brands, multi-disciplinary network of scientists.






Visual Neuroscience
We work with top neuroscientists to understand the implications of how the brain sees. We use these insights to improve our products, merchandising and marketing.




Design Thinking
Digital and shopper centers focus on exploring new ways to boost traffic and conversion, as well as provide stronger brand-building in our own D2C and our customers’ stores.




 













VF SAND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      VF SAND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC
                    

•   VALLEY FORGE, PA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             VF Sand Investment Company is based out of Valley Forge.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2010-04-22.  The notice  included securities offered of Debt,Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security,Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from VF SAND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




vf sand investment company, llc


120 SOUTH WARNER ROAD

VALLEY FORGE
PA
                                                        
                                                    19482


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      610-902-9903







Recent SEC Filings




















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2010-04-22
D
OTHER

      Debt,Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security,Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
    
9,700,000
9,700,000
0




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




BRIAN G.  MCELWEE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



RICHARD W.  IRELAND

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















VF Investment Services Corp






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,797  0.39% NantKwestDel MarDimension TherapeuticsVBI VaccinesRandall SchatzmanChristian ViguieStephen Dow






World
US















VF Investment Services Corp.

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameVF Investment Services Corp.SEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment0.0 Contact Details LocationWayne, PennsylvaniaAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.vfe.net




Sign In
	
				 to check out VF-Investment-Services-Corp and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Divi-Vest Advisors Wayne PA 0 Triton Capital Management  LLC Wayne PA 0 New Century Asset Management  Inc. Wayne NJ 0 Gleeson  Christopher Wayne PA 0 Willow Investment Services Wayne PA 0 Addis & Hill  Incorporated Wayne PA 0 Schneider Capital Management Corp. Wayne PA 0 Radnor Financial Advisors  Inc. Wayne PA 0 Halcyon Investment Advisors LLC Wayne NJ 0 Wharton Capital Group  LLC Wayne PA 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets










































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Essays | Repository of Free Essays











 
















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 10:00 - 18:00 (BST)


























Essays




What are you looking for?

 Customers rate UKEssays  88% Based on 211 reviews.  Read the latest reviews




Free Essays


Our Writing Services

Essay Writing Service
Assignment Writing Service
Coursework Writing Service
View All Our Writing Services





Essay Categories


AAccounting470America14Animation30Anthropology99Archaeology26Architecture172Arts204Australian3Aviation19BBanking28Beauty Therapy22Biology1,880Business4,450Business Strategy89CChemistry127Childcare71Classics23Commerce1,265Communications126Computer Science606Construction658Criminology1,043Cultural Studies761DData Analysis15Design21Drama47EEcommerce22Economics4,110Education2,693Employment50Engineering943English71English Language1,537English Literature4,332Environment46Environmental Sciences955Environmental Studies128Estate Management13European Studies31FFamily15Fashion72Film Studies731Finance485Foreign Language13French22GGeneral Studies183Geography81German6HHealth340Health and Social Care684History3,079Hospitality9Housing20Human Resources84Human Rights94IIndia17Information Systems140Information Technology2,072International Business46International Relations108International Studies87Internet27It Research36JJournalism38LLanguages32Law311Leadership65Leisure Management7Linguistics44Literature48MManagement4,319Marketing8,132Mathematics65Mechanics10Media1,083Medical73Military14Motivation14Music179NNursing2,097Nutrition11OOrganisations34PPersonal Development35Philosophy1,940Photography47Physical Education213Physics71Physiology46Politics1,500Project Management111Property31Psychology3,131RReligion584Retail20SSciences218Security18Social Policy114Social Work1,008Society25Sociology1,763Spanish23Sports96Statistics39TTeaching68Technology32Theatre33Theology251Tourism1,524Translation11Transportation11UUncategorised87VVideo Games10YYoung People410 
















An Over View Of The V F Corporation Marketing Essay

















 
















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 10:00 - 18:00 (BST)



























An Over View Of The V F Corporation Marketing Essay


 Print



 Reference this


APA

MLA

MLA-7

Harvard

Vancouver

Wikipedia




Published:

23rd March, 2015 

This essay has been submitted by a student. This is not an example of the work written by our professional essay writers.
The international apparel industry has been inevitably influenced by the global recession that was precipitated by the credit crunch. However, this situation provided an "opportunity to overcome old challenges" (Liu, 2009).
Before the economic crisis began, the industry was confronted with "being over-retailed and over-supplied" (Liu, 2009) throughout the supply chain; this resulted in inefficiency. During the past 10 months, some famous brands were not competitive enough to cope with financial and economic challenges, forcing them to halt their operations. However, this situation has provided chances for an industry consolidation, which "entails buyers reducing their number of manufacturing suppliers, and manufacturers narrowing their customer bases" (Liu, 2009).
Research on consumers' shopping habits proved that their focus priorities are price, brand, and style. Hence, clothing and footwear manufacturers aim at producing "well-made and cost-friendly goods" (Burke, 2009)
Some U.S. clothing and footwear brands were fortunate to keep their competitiveness in international market by making "their supply chains more efficient and sourcing many of their goods internationally" (Burke, 2009).
Many clothing and footwear businesses started to adopt international production in the early 1970s. This occurred because competitive, global companies transferred their production from the United States to developing countries to maintain high quality and low prices. By 1978, around 53 percent of footwear products sold in the U.S. market were manufactured outside the U.S. The most current data shows that this number has shot up to 99 percent. Until 1991, 50 percent of clothing products originated from foreign and 50 percent from domestic production.
According to trade data from 2008, about 96 percent of outwear sold in the U.S. was made in foreign countries. This sector is a "buy everywhere, sell everywhere industry" (Burke, 2009) which forces the involved companies to keep their international competiveness. Consolidation strategy has proven to be a key to success if it is accompanied by cost-effective services and proper human resources management (Liu, 2009).
In addition, following new legislative agendas and government regulations became important since it could give advantages or disadvantages to the firms in the apparel industry. Therefore, keep searching for educational opportunities and experts in the clothing and footwear industry is important. Being involved in a trade association gives insights to successfully tide over any kinds of challenges within the industry. For instance, the American Apparel and Footwear Association (AAFA) keeps its members updated on important issues (Burke, 2009).
Being creative and thinking ahead allowed some clothing companies to perform extremely well in international markets. Pleasing one's consumers is facilitated since an efficient supply chain results in higher efficiency through lowered prices. In order to stay competitive, an apparel company has to constantly ameliorate its supply chain.
3. VF's current international purchasing and production strategy
  VF's current strategy uses a mixture of internal manufacturing and international purchasing ("Cut and make"-contracts, CM). Historically, before it acquired The North Face in the late 1990s, VF internally manufactured its products in about 100 factories. Beginning with the acquisition of The North Face, this production strategy had started to change as the company acquired more brands. The reason for this was that the company's existing manufacturing infrastructure was not well fitted to the lifestyle brands such as The North Face. VF's plants were mainly focused on jeans and denim products and thus were not able to properly manufacture the goods of the lifestyle brands. The company needed to outsource its production to Asia to expand into lifestyle brands and international markets. This resulted in the closure of many of VF's production sites. According to the case material, VF produced about 30% of its products in-house and outsourced the rest from independent suppliers by 2009. The proportion between in-house production and purchasing was different across product lines. For example, 60% of its jeans were produced internally while outsourcing 100% of their lifestyle apparel, footwear and backpacks (Pisano & Adams, 2009).
VF has very strong internal manufacturing capabilities. No other company has such efficient and reliable production processes. The lead time to produce a garment in VF's internal factories is far shorter than the industry average; instead of 30 to 50 days, VF's plants need only 10. In terms of quality and reliability, the defect rates of VF's factories were also below the industry average. When it comes to sourcing, VF had to build up a network of reliable high-quality suppliers. By 2009, it had relationships with more than 1600 contractors and 30 distribution centers (Pisano & Adams, 2009).
VF provides only short-term contracts for its suppliers in order to motivate them to keep their prices low. If a supplier cannot fulfill VF's expectations anymore, the company quickly abandons him and turns to his competitors. Recently, VF has also begun to test a new purchasing approach called the "Third Way", which will be covered in section 5.
4. Analysis of the production / purchasing strategy of competitors
In the following section, sourcing/production strategies of VF's main competitors will be analyzed. Most companies tend to either one of the following extremes: No internal production and complete outsourcing vs. vertically integrated production and only limited purchasing activities (See Table 1).
Table 1
Company
VF
Sara Lee
Liz Claiborne
Zara
Strategy
Mixture between Internal Production, International
Purchasing and "Third Way"
International Purchasing
Now defunct
International Purchasing
Now: Package Sourcing
Internal Production,
only limited Purchasing
Source: Own Illustration
Clothing producers like Liz Claiborne, Levi Strauss and Sara Lee abandoned their internal manufacturing sites several years ago and began to focus on the marketing of externally produced apparel. The main reason behind this was to achieve cost savings by sourcing from markets with low labor cost and to free cash that had been "tied up in low-margin activities" (Surowiecki, 1997). Outsourcing drastically increases a company's flexibility: External suppliers can be switched quite easily when they fail to deliver the promised quality, at the agreed prices or at the appointed delivery date or when trade barriers render making business with a supplier of a certain country impossible. Originally low prices of external suppliers might be reduced even further because the well-known apparel companies are relatively large whereas their suppliers mostly are small factories with low bargaining power.
However, this approach also has major disadvantages: Lead times as well as inventories increase and transaction cost does as well since the need for proper coordination is growing. Suppliers have to be identified and sourcing relationship must be managed. The increase in flexibility mentioned above is thus, at least partially, canceled out. Moreover, a company that relies solely on outsourcing can hardly build up any know-how in terms of apparel production.
Due to the pressure on the suppliers to keep prices low, several problems arise. First of all, the creation of trust is prevented and communication between the involved parties might be neglected. For example, three months prior to the relocation of his plant, one of VF's suppliers informed the company about his plans. Due to trade barriers, VF was unable to maintain its relationship with this supplier and had to urgently find another one. Furthermore, suppliers won't work exclusively for only one client, thus there is high risk of losing know-how to competitors. Most suppliers are also forced to keep their margins extremely low. As a result, they are very likely to become bankrupt during economic downturns or if they lose an important customer. In order to reduce cost, some suppliers also offend against laws and regulations that protect worker rights or the environment. For example, it has been recently discovered that a supplier of Levi Strauss had illegally dumped toxic waste (marketing-interactive.com, 2009). Incidents like this one can have negative effects on the reputation of all involved companies.
To conclude, apparel companies that focus on outsourcing can keep their prices at very low levels, but are exposed to higher risks, especially concerning supply chain disruptions. During the last few years, this strategy has become less attractive. Costs cannot be reduced endlessly. As more and more apparel companies purchase from low-cost suppliers, outsourcing ceases to be a competitive advantage. Differences in purchasing prices become smaller. Companies could be forced to pass the price reductions that outsourcing enables to their customers instead of achieving higher margins. Due to a lack of data, evaluating the outsourcing strategies of clothing companies is quite difficult. However, it should be noted that Sara Lee sold its clothing branch only 9 years after deciding to exclusively rely on outsourcing. Competitor Liz Claiborne halted its regular outsourcing efforts in 2009 and adopted the "package sourcing" approach (see section 6 Managerial alternatives in this paper).
VF uses international purchasing for its lifestyle brands since its internal production facilities are not suited for the manufacturing of those goods. This enables cost savings, but increases lead time significantly. VF's lifestyle brand are very popular among customers, low prices are not that important to them. Instead, the availability of those products has to be guaranteed. Hence, long lead times and possible supply chain disruptions are threatening the popularity and success of VF's lifestyle brands.
The outsourcing approach could be suited for VF's heritage brand goods. Demand forecasts for those goods are much more reliable than for lifestyle goods, therefore long lead times would not be that troublesome. Besides, if using the outsourcing approach, VF could achieve price reductions for its heritage products. Facing intense competition and selling its products for almost double the price that some competitors like Faded Glory charge, VF needs to cut costs in this sector. But in case of outsourcing the production of its heritage goods, VF would have to give up the internally-developed techniques and equipment that enabled its efficient production because, due to a lack of trust, it cannot trust its suppliers.
Spanish apparel manufacturer and seller Zara relies on the second approach. Results have been good but nevertheless mixed; though being well-known and successful in Europe, Zara has not been able to establish itself on the North American market yet (Thoney-Barletta & Hartman, 2005). While basic products are outsourced to low-cost suppliers, Zara manufactures its lifestyle products on its own (Business Week, 2006). Most internal production is carried out close to the company's headquarters in Spain. Labor is much more expensive in Spain than in those Asian countries to which many competitors outsource their production. Furthermore, as Zara goods have to be transported from Spain to the respective stores, high transportation costs occur. This could be an explanation why Zara is struggling on the North American market. However, since the company is very prosperous in Asia, Zara's approach may nevertheless work well.
As Dutta (2002) explains, Zara's main advantage is its "tremendous amount of flexibility and control". Zara's lead times are significantly lower than those of comparable companies. While other apparel companies often have to discount prices drastically in order to sell all their products before their design gets outdated, Zara has never had such problems. Instead of manufacturing high quantities of only a few products, Zara designs about 12.000 different goods per year, but produces only small amounts of each. If one of those products does not meet the taste of consumers (which happens quite often in the apparel industry), the economic damage would be low and the product could be replaced rapidly. Additionally, each product is scarce and thus more valuable to customers. The drawback of this approach is that economies of scale cannot be achieved at any point in time.
All in all, the company can quickly react to changing customer demands and achieve higher customer satisfaction. As a result, it sells more of its products and at higher prices, thus offsetting the high manufacturing costs. Also, the advantages of completely controlling the facilities in which one's products are manufactured should not be underestimated. Especially in the apparel industry, some low-cost suppliers use "sweatshop labor". When being made public, those conditions can cause a massive loss of reputation, not only for the supplier itself but also for its clients. Due to its internal manufacturing, Zara is able to avoid those issues (CNN, 2001).
Could VF successfully adopt Zara's strategy? Dutta (2002) judges: "While it may not be possible for another company to exactly duplicate the conditions under which Zara grew and flourished, we can certainly try and learn from its business experiences, its processes and its business structure". Indeed, flexibility is most important in the apparel industry. When dealing with external suppliers, VF faces high inventory costs and long lead times. VF's own plants use elaborated technologies and have low defective rates. But those plants are only suited for the production of the "heritage" goods.
Another major difference between Zara and VF is that Zara does not do any advertising, thus even with high manufacturing costs Zara still has lucrative margins. In contrast to that, since VF's success depends heavily on advertising, the company has to keep manufacturing costs as low as possible. Yet, as Chris Fraser puts it, building more plants or vertically integrating suppliers would not be consistent with VF's internal policies and, from a capital point of view, might not make sense.
5. Analysis of the "Third Way"
The idea behind the "Third Way" is to create extremely close long-term supplier relationships that yield significant benefits for both parties. The "Third Way" is a mixture between Internal Production and Outsourcing and combines the advantages of both approaches.
VF's main benefits would be lean inventory (which would be a sharp contrast to the current excess inventory), lower lead times and lower production cost. The latter would be achieved in three ways: First of all, instead of a VF plant, a supplier produces the goods, thus reducing the labor cost. Secondly, VF would provide the supplier its internally-developed techniques, therefore making the production process much more efficient. This production facility upgrade would also be supported financially by the supplier. Thirdly, VF and the supplier would join forces to procure raw materials as cheap as possible. Since the supplier would commit himself to producing exclusively for VF, the threat of losing know-how to competitors would vanish. In contrast to internal production, the supplier would have to manage the work force, thus the "Third Way" results in lower transaction costs for VF. There is also huge potential for shortening the design process of new products (Pisano & Adams, 2009).
The supplier would face significantly lower risk and uncertainty since he would get long-term contracts and volume forecasts for several years. Moreover, VF would also guarantee to buy back any unused raw materials. As the supplier would be remunerated on a cost plus basis, he would always be able to meet his ROA goals. The long-term contracts also reduce the frequency of renegotiations, leading to a decline in transaction costs for both parties (Pisano & Adams, 2009).
Despite the mentioned advantages, this strategy also has flaws that should not be neglected. Compared with internal manufacturing, VF would be less flexible when using the "Third Way". It also requires the supplier to share information about his costs and processes with VF. The biggest drawback of the "Third Way" is that it cannot be enforced without appropriate, knowledgeable human resources (Pisano & Adams, 2009). VF either has to transfer its staff to the supplier or hire new, local staff. In the first case, VF would need to find willing employees and have to transfer them to the supplier, resulting in searching costs and travelling expenses. In the second case, talented locals have to be identified and trained, leading to searching and training costs. Those are no major barriers to implementing the "Third Way", but they should be taken into account when comparing the profitability of each approach.
So far, VF has gained only limited experience in dealing with "Third Way"-relationships. Some attempts went well, others failed. However, those failed tries showed another strength of the "Third Way": If a supplier cannot be part of a "Third Way"-relationship anymore, VF could either return to the regular cut-and-make contracts or integrate the supplier's plant into its own operations without having wasted large amounts of money or resources.
6. Managerial Alternatives
Managing one's supply chain requires not only a lot of resources but also experience in dealing with suppliers worldwide. If a company lacks the necessary resources or competence, it can use the so-called "package sourcing". This involves hiring an external company that manages purchasing activities, supplier relationships and the supply chain as a whole.
In February 2009 Liz Claiborne, one of the biggest competitors of VF Brands, and Li & Fung, the world's largest system integrator for apparel, agreed on an extensive packaged sourcing contract (Yun, 2009)
The advantages of this deal are obvious: Li & Fung gains a profitable customer, Liz Claiborne outsources its procurement activities to a specialized integrator profiting from Li & Fung's huge network of low cost production facilities. Furthermore, price discounts can be realized due to mass sourcing over the various Liz Claiborne brands. By bundling the apparel orders of the brands, synergies in terms of time scheduling and transport costs can be achieved. With this foundation of a long term relationship between both partners, Li & Fung can develop deep insider knowledge for the handling of Liz Claiborne brands, thus enhancing the product quality.
At the first glance this approach seems to be very efficient, leading to lower costs and sustaining high quality. However, this deal also has shortcomings for Liz Claiborne.
By concentrating on only one supplier operating the total brand portfolio, Liz Claiborne heavily depends on Li & Fung. This threat is even catalyzed by the fact that Li & Fung serves many apparel retailers. Corporate intelligence could get to competitors via Li & Fung. With having so much power over the supply chain of Liz Claiborne, Li & Fung may think about a backwards integration, considering the acquisition of US bag producer Van Zeeland in 2008 and the marketer Wear Me Apparel LLC in 2009. "Li & Fung, which sources products for U.S. retailers such as Abercrombie & Fitch Co. and Kohl's Corp., in recent years has been keen on expanding beyond its core sourcing operations and into higher-margin businesses in segments such as retail and brand licensing" (NG, 2009).
Another, not that obvious disadvantage of the deal is brand dilution. By synchronizing the sourcing of all brands from one integrator the brands might be equalized by using similar manufacturing sites and the same product developers of Li & Fung. Liz Claiborne should have a close look at those often indirect shortcomings of such full scale integrations.
Compared to VF's "Third Way" sourcing, Liz Claiborne can realize cheaper prices, save costs by outsourcing its supply chain competence and thereby only concentrating on their main competence of marketing and selling. In comparison to that, VF has to invest in relationships with many single suppliers and developing insight knowledge by sending out engineering teams to its suppliers. However, in contrast to Liz Claiborne, VF still has full and direct power over its suppliers. It is also easier for VF to enhance the quality of its products. Moreover, VF has internal production plants that perform very well. Closing them would not only be inefficient, but is also impossible in the near future. Thus, VF could not rely completely on package sourcing. Bundling demands would only be possible to a smaller extent; price reductions might not come true at all. Additionally, VF has build up an internal department that successfully manages its supply chain. Using package sourcing from now on would render this department useless and the competencies that have been achieved there would vanish. Thus, package sourcing would not be efficient for VF at all.
7. Recommendations
VF's brand lines can be divided into two segments based on the characteristics and requirements of the production processes: Heritage brands, including Wrangler and Lee, and lifestyle brands such as The North Face, Vans, Nautica, Reef, Kipling, Eastpak, Majestic, Napapiri, Eagle Creek, John Varvatos, and 7 for All Mankind.
As analyzed in earlier sections, each segment has distinctive key success factors. For the heritage brands, quality and price are the key for success. Being highly responsive to demand fluctuations is not that important since demand is quite stable and the product design doesn't "get old", i.e. the customers will demand the same type of jeans every year. For these reasons, VF's concern should go along with how they could reduce cost while maintaining the quality of the products. Therefore, VF needs a solution that provides low costs whereas lead times are not that important, but should nevertheless be considered too. A comparison between the lead times and costs of each approach yields at the "Third Way" as the best approach. Since VF can share its internally-developed technologies and processes with its "Third Way"-suppliers, their production processes will be almost as efficient as those of VF, but much cheaper. Package sourcing or regular outsourcing is no option here. However, VF could itself consider the construction of new plants in low-cost countries instead of using the "Third Way". But this would require a change in the company's policies.
For lifestyle brands, which require extremely quick responses in order to replenish inventory continuously throughout a season, it would be best for VF to manufacture these products internally. Internal production does not only yield at the lowest lead times, it is also very likely that VF is able to further improve its production processes, leading to even lower lead times and even lower default rates. When buying lifestyle products, customers care about the design and quality of the goods, prices are secondary. Therefore, the fact that internal production is more expensive than the other approaches should not influence the decision at all. Again, package sourcing or regular outsourcing is no option here, as we have discussed in our analysis above.
To conclude, as low-cost competitors endanger VF's heritage product lines and the company is not flexible enough to fulfill retailer requirements when it comes to lifestyle products, VF is under heavy pressure to adopt new production and sourcing strategies. Any further cost reduction in regular international purchasing is virtually impossible. Because of the financial crisis, more supplier bankruptcies are to be expected. VF's current strategy had been quite successful for many years, but cannot secure a competitive edge for the company any longer. For the lifestyle product lines, VF should replace its regular international purchasing relationships by "Third Way" relationships. Since the suppliers as well as VF have to get used to this new way and this approach will constantly improve, VF should embed this change in a process that takes care that the transactions will occur smoothly. VF should start to enter "Third Way" relationships with the most important and the most promising suppliers and then expand it to the remaining ones.
Appendix
List of Tables and Figures
Table 1: Overview over Apparel Companies and their Production /
Purchasing Approaches
Figure 1: Brand portfolio of VF 





Request Removal
If you are the original writer of this essay and no longer wish to have the essay published on the UK Essays website then please click on the link below to request removal:




 Request the removal of this essay


More from UK Essays

Marketing Essay Writing Service
Essays
More Marketing Essays
Examples of Our Work
Marketing Dissertation Examples


Interested in ordering?


















Marketing Essays | Free Essays on Marketing






 




 
















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 10:00 - 18:00 (BST)























Marketing Essays
Search to find a specific marketing essay:









 Back to Essays Index



Strategic Marketing Management - Sainsburys
 
Introduction
J Sainsbury plc is a huge UK based food retailer with interest in financial services. Its chain of supermarkets has survived the challenges of competitive...



13 Pages (4,841 Words) - Last Modified:
24th July, 2017




Essay on Maggi
Background - Maggi Noodles
"In the last 20 years we have Just asked 2 minutes of your time". The Brand which clearly comes to mind on...



4 Pages (1,599 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




IKEA Franchising Strategy
IKEA is an international home furniture company that selling the wide ranges of well-designed and functional products which packed in form of ready-to-assemble. According to...



10 Pages (3,983 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Power of Advertising Essay
Advertising is a form of communication intended to influence an audience to buy or take some action upon products, services or ideals. It includes the...



7 Pages (2,520 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Communication in Banking Sector
Developing a proper communication strategy in a banking sector must be built in the context of the customers expectations. In the current time, banking organizations...



4 Pages (1,542 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




CSR in the Fast Food Industry
All organizations have different devinitions between CSR (corporate social responsibility Coporation), but significant similarity with them.Â Mallen Baker on the "definition of CSR is that" as...



7 Pages (2,751 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Apple Competitive Advantage Case Study
"A competitive advantage is an advantage over competitors gained by offering consumers greater value, either by means of lower prices or by providing greater benefits...



3 Pages (981 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Theories of Consumer Decision Making
The concept of consumer buying behaviour is not new, it has been discovered ages ago .The current marketing strategies focuses on consumers buying behaviour. The...



11 Pages (4,118 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Niche Market vs Mainstream Market
A niche market is a focused, targetable portion of a market. Niche markets tend to be small but well defined and specific segments of the...



8 Pages (3,025 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Influence of Culture on Multinational Companies
Abstract
This report provides with the evidence for deriving the analysis on the cultural influence on the multinational corporations while dealing with the cross-national markets. On...



6 Pages (2,167 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Emirates Airways Customer Perception
For this project, we have used both primary and secondary data. As part of our primary data, a survey questionnaire was created and handed out...



17 Pages (6,594 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Four Seasons Competitive Advantage
The firm creates value by performing a series of activities that Porter identified as the value chain. To achieve a competitive advantage, Four Seasons must...



6 Pages (2,282 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Starbucks Micro and Macro Environment
For any organisation survival depends on its surrounding environment located. It means the trends in political, economical, social, technological, environmental and legal environment, which can...



6 Pages (2,248 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Rolex Company Analysis
This report is about the research on a premium product brand on the market. The premium product out team agrees to choose is the Rolex...



6 Pages (2,071 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Benefits of Brand Positioning
Positioning is what you stand for in the mind of the market. Brand positioning is a strategic approach to establishing a sustainable competitive advantage. Achieving...



3 Pages (1,126 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Cadbury Business Analysis
Cadbury, a brand well known and loved by millions around the world, had a very humble beginning. It began with the opening of a grocer's...



8 Pages (2,822 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Nokia Strategic Plan
In this project I have covered various topics of marketing which are strategic planning, strategic planning process, the domestic strategic planning while the international strategic...



8 Pages (2,908 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Tesco Value Proposition
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report was to critically evaluate the value proposition of Tesco Plc to its customers. Given information about the target customers of...



5 Pages (1,765 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Vodafone Strategy Analysis
Jump to: Vodafone Business Strategy | Internal and External Analysis | Strategy Evaluation | Strategy Implementation | Conclusion
1.0 INTRODUCTION
This report...



13 Pages (4,831 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Marks and Spencer Internal and External Factors
Analysts did not expect there to be a "double-dip" recession first, but changes in consumer spending trends raised concerns for keeping a keen eye on...



6 Pages (2,111 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Valchromat Pros and Cons
This is our report on our exploration of a manufactured board known as Valchromat. Valchromat is a unique and high quality wood fibre board that...



7 Pages (2,417 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




IKEA Competitive Positioning
This report critically analyses the competitive position of IKEA which has led to its success and failures over the past five decades. IKEA has been...



8 Pages (2,982 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Cadbury Strategic Analysis
The individual report assesses the critical aspects of the strategic choices available to Cadbury. Recommendations are given to assess the company's perspectives on the revenue...



9 Pages (3,427 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Lush Company Structure
As an entrepreneurial venture, Lush company is acknowledged as the successful cosmetic retailer which is created by Mark and Mo Constantine in Poole, Dorset, United...



6 Pages (2,095 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Knorr Soup Marketing Analysis
Knorr product is sold in 87 countries their punch line is 'Good Food Matters 'only soup in India which has 18%growth.It holds a majority of...



4 Pages (1,554 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Tropicana Marketing Strategy
Not many people know about the benefits of drinking juices. The core marketing strategy should be to make people aware the benefits and additional advantages...



3 Pages (1,148 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Shampoo Market Analysis
The shampoo market is one of the fastest moving and innovative sectors of the FMCG market. It represents 35 of the EU hair-care market and...



8 Pages (3,122 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




SWOT Analysis Manchester United
Introduction
The football industry in United Kingdom is booming and outwardly been successful in the past years. The research and strategic planing will be based on...



6 Pages (2,060 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




ZARA SWOT and Competitor Analysis
In this age of advanced media and technology, where customers are flooded with marketing messages all the time, it is very hard for the businesses...



11 Pages (4,229 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Adidas Product Life Cycle
The product life cycle concept may apply to our product, Adidas Deep Energy Deodorant. The product life cycle concept helps our marketing managers to plan...



3 Pages (1,015 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Louis Vuitton Expansion Strategy
Operating in 59 countries, Louis Vuitton is the largest global luxury brand in the world. It is a member of the Louis Vuitton Mo&euml;t Hennessy...



5 Pages (1,860 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Customer Relationship Management of Coca Cola
Customer relationship management is managing the interactions between theÂ customers, clients ,sales prospects and the company. CRM needs technology to organise sales activities, marketing, technical support...



6 Pages (2,337 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Britannia Industries Problems
Britannia begins with the business producing electricity. Britannia mechanized its operations, and in 1921, it became the first company in Asia using imported gas ovens....



10 Pages (3,608 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




McDonald's Global Expansion
Companies all over the globe are looking for expansion and ways of entering new markets which are profitable through different entry modes (Deresky, 2006). Managers...



6 Pages (2,191 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Types of Personal Selling
It is used as visualized, when you see a printed or sound based advertisement, you can remember those advertisement for long in your mind.
E.g.: Print...



6 Pages (2,152 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017

















Investment Advisory Services - Vision Financial Markets
























































Vision Financial Markets




Navigation



Products and Services

Featured Products

Individual Retirement Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds
Stock Options


Correspondent Clearing
Day Trading
Investment Advisory Services
Broker Assisted Trading
Platforms & Technology

WealthStation
Sterling Trader Pro
RealTick




Log Into Your Account
Open An Account
Support

About Vision
Contact Us
Documents & Forms
Careers At Vision









  Products and Services  Investment Advisory Services








Investment Advisory Services


Vision Investment Advisors
Vision Investment Advisors, LLC (“Vision Advisors”), a money management and advisory firm, is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut and a SEC registered Investment Advisor. Vision Advisors manages approximately $61 million (as of December 2015) in various types of securities. In managing its accounts, Vision Advisors feels that capital appreciation and risk management are its primary focus.
Vision Advisors offers seven different investment portfolios ranging from growth and dividend equity strategies to fixed income portfolios, balanced portfolios, an aggressive “Total” portfolio as well as others. While the strategies are consistent, Vision Advisors does not take a “cookie cutter” approach by having every client’s portfolio within a particular strategy mirror each other. Vision Advisors will work with each client to customize a unique portfolio for them within the chosen strategy, but taking into account the client’s unique circumstances including their risk tolerance, time horizon and liquidity needs.
Go To Vision Investment Advisors 
Vision Brokerage Services
Vision Brokerage Services, LLC (“Vision Brokerage”), a FINRA registered securities broker/dealer, is headquartered in Stamford, CT with several offices and dozens of Registered Representatives across the United States.
Vision Brokerage provides several services including broker-assisted accounts and access to investment advisory services such as separately managed accounts from Vision Advisors and other Registered Investment Advisors. In addition, for qualified and appropriate individuals, Vision Brokerage offers access to additional managed products including hedge funds, private placements, managed futures and other alternative investments. Vision Brokerage also has access to mutual funds from over 80 different fund families.
Go To Vision Brokerage Services 
 
Vision Investment Advisors, LLC, Vision Brokerage Services, LLC and Vision Financial Markets LLC are affiliated companies under common ownership and control.





Connect With Us Direct: +1.203.388.2714
Toll Free: +1.877.836.3949
Need Further Information?








Name*TelephoneE-mail*

Country*AfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongo, Democratic Republic of theCongo, Republic of theCosta RicaCôte d'IvoireCroatiaCubaCuraçaoCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFaroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench PolynesiaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiNorth KoreaSouth KoreaKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestine, State ofPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint MaartenSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSpainSri LankaSudanSudan, SouthSurinameSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTogoTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.YemenZambiaZimbabweI am interested in learning more about:*PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
 

 







