Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Blucora's (BCOR) CEO John Clendening on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCOR•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:24 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Electricite de France (ECIFF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ECIFF•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:14 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Santander-Chile's (BSAC) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BSAC•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:06 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




IRADIMED's (IRMD) CEO Roger Susi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRMD•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico's (PAC) CEO Fernando Bosque on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PAC•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Power Integrations' (POWI) CEO Balu Balakrishnan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


POWI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Midland States Bancorp's (MSBI) CEO Leon Holschbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MSBI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




L'Oreal's (LRLCF) CEO Jean-Paul Agon on First Half 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRLCF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Teranga Gold's (TGCDF) CEO Richard Young on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TGCDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




IMI's (IMIAF) CEO Mark Selway on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMIAF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco De Sabadell's (BNDSF) CEO Jaime Guardiola on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BNDSF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eutelsat Communications' (EUTLF) CEO Rodolphe Belmer on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EUTLF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danone's (GPDNF) CEO Cécile Cabanis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GPDNF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SCCO•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Takeda Pharmaceutical's (TKPHF) CEO Christophe Weber on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TKPHF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aecon Group's (AEGXF) CEO John Beck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AEGXF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Renault's (RNSDF) CEO Carlos Ghosn on H1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RNSDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BankFinancial's (BFIN) CEO F. Morgan Gasior on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BFIN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Credit Suisse Group's (CS) CEO Tidjane Thiam on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Domtar (UFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LYB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CVR Partners' (UAN) CEO Mark Pytosh on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UAN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 



Camden Property's (CPT) CEO Ric Campo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BASF's (BASFY) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BASFY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




West Bancorporation's (WTBA) CEO Dave Nelson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WTBA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invesco's (IVZ) CEO Martin Flanagan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVZ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




YIT's (YITYY) CEO Kari Kauniskangas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


YITYY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Boise Cascade's (BCC) CEO Tom Corrick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cray's (CRAY) CEO Peter Ungaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CRAY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Corporate Office Properties Trust's (OFC) CEO Steve Budorick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4457Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Insider Trading - Via Luann - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Via Luann





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-12-16Purchase
2015-12-165:45 pm
Christopher & Banks Corp
CBK
Via LuannPresident & CEODirector
100,000
$1.115
$111,470
221,635(DirectIndirect)
View


2015-06-11Purchase
2015-06-1209:01 am
Christopher & Banks Corp
CBK
Via LuannPresident & CEODirector
20,000
$4.347
$86,940
121,635(DirectIndirect)
View


2015-03-27Purchase
2015-03-314:18 pm
Christopher & Banks Corp
CBK
Via LuannPresident & CEODirector
15,000
$5.273
$79,101
101,635(DirectIndirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-06Option Award
2016-12-072:08 pm
2017-12-062026-12-06
Strata Skin Sciences Inc.
SSKN
Via LuannDirector
75,000
$0.55
75,000(Direct)
View


2015-12-01Option Award
2015-12-025:20 pm
2016-12-012025-12-01
Mela Sciences Inc
MELA
Via LuannDirector
75,000
$1.18
75,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 23:31:57 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








Christopher & Banks' (CBK) CEO LuAnn Via on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Christopher & Banks' (CBK) CEO LuAnn Via on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptDec. 1.16 | About: Christopher & (CBK) Christopher & Banks Corporation (NYSE:CBK)
Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call
December 1, 2016, 08:30 AM ET
Executives
Jean Fontana - IR, ICR
LuAnn Via - President & CEO
Peter Michielutti - EVP & CFO
Analysts
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray
Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company
Operator
Welcome to the Christopher & Banks Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jean Fontana with ICR. Thank you. You may begin.
Jean Fontana
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the Christopher & Banks third quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. Hosting today’s call are LuAnn Via, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pete Michielutti, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This morning’s conference call is in conjunction with the earnings press release the company issued this morning.
Today’s earnings release and conference call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial conditions, results of operations, business initiatives, growth plans and prospects of the company and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company’s current earnings release and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties.
The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
I will now turn the call over to LuAnn Via.
LuAnn Via
Thank you, Jean. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our third quarter earnings results, share our outlook for the fourth quarter, as well as provide a few highlights on 2017. Our strong third-quarter performance reflects the benefit of our merchandising and marketing initiatives, along with the enhancements that we have made to the visual presentation across our store base.
We drove positive comparable sales in all three months of the quarter and expanded gross margin, despite the continuation of negative small traffic trends, a highly promotional environment and unseasonably warm weather. During the quarter, we saw existing customers spend more and our loyalty reward members and private-label cardholders continued to make up the majority of our sales.
Importantly, we also re-engaged more lapsed and acquired more new customers than the prior year. We believe this is significant and highly encouraging as we continue to target our various customer segments. Finally, we realized growth in all three of our size segments Missy, Petite and Women.
Further summarizing our third quarter results, total sales grew 2.9% to $106.7 million and comp sales increased 4.5%. Our eCommerce channel realized 16% growth, which follows a two-year spec sales increase of 32%. Our strong topline performance was attributable to a right sized and well-balanced offering of key items and key programs along with improved in-stock levels as we continue to benefit from our retail intelligence platform.
In addition, customers responded favorably to the category promotions we offered during the quarter, while our special in-store events continued to entice her to visit shop and engage with our associates. We also continued to see strong response to our direct and digital marketing effort.
Relative to product, our investments in our key program items yielded favorable results. The woven’s category saw major improvement in sales trend from Q2 with strong gains in glasses, vests, and jackets.

Strong results in our Denim business were led by our fashion and signature slimming programs, while we also saw gains in our woven bottoms key program. With the warmer weather, our sweater business remained soft; however, we delivered continued growth in knit top.
In addition, our new categories including sleepwear, handbags, and footwear performed well in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see continued momentum in the categories that drove strong performance in the third quarter. Additionally, our holiday collection, which includes our casual looks and heritage thematic tops, also offers more day into evening looks with our knit dressing coordinates, which have resonated well with our customers this season.
Looking at our inventory productivity, during the third quarter, we realized improved in-stock positions due to our focus on store tiering by volume and climate. We also began to benefit from our replenishment initiative in Denim and woven bottom along with core knit top. Our new store grading tool, which we implemented in late August, is allowing us to manage in-season adjustments by store at a more specific program level.
For the balance of the year and beyond, we will continue to improve our flow of inventory on our key items and basics, while we deliver fashion newness that will be featured in the front of the store to drive repeat business and capture the attention of potential new customer.
In terms of marketing during the quarter, we increased our direct-mail effort, which led to gains in active and reactivated chopper. We also introduced several new branding elements in our marketing as well as in-store visual.
For the balance of the year, we are continuing to invest our marketing dollars to increase the spend of active customers to our refreshed tier-based loyalty program and our effective private label credit card. We will also increase our investment in direct-mail to further reengage lapsed customers.
Finally our Omni-channel customer first initiative continues to be a key focus as we work to optimize the customer experience. Our POS upgrade rollout is underway, which will provide a centralized view of inventory across stores and streamline the customer's checkout process. We anticipate that this will be completed in the fourth quarter.
We are very pleased with our third-quarter results and are encouraged with the progress being made this year. We will remain focused on the continued execution of our strategy to drive long-term profitable growth.
Looking forward into 2017, we expect sales increases to be largely driven by our eCommerce channel and outlet stores. We also expect our full price stores to generate positive comp. We expect our total average square footage to be down approximately 4% for the year.
In our eCommerce business, we see additional growth opportunity as we leverage our new web platform and expand our Omni channel capabilities, which will enable us to optimize our customer shopping experience.
Our plan for the outlet business is to reposition this channel given the traffic challenges we've experienced this year. The merchandise offering will have a strengthened point of view and increased value proposition. We are introducing exclusively made for fashion collection, which are being designed in stores with an external partner in collaboration with our internal product team. We will also continue to offer additional key items and key programs.
We are creating an improved shopping environment with a new visual presentation and signage. Lastly, we are introducing new promotional events and additional marketing efforts to drive increased traffic.
For our full-price stores and eCommerce channels, we will continue to diversify our assortments by adding new branded and lifestyle collections along with limited edition capital to appeal to a broader customer base. Across all channels, we plan to further leverage our retail intelligence platform as part of our merchandising strategy.

We will be rolling out additional merchandising planning tools in early spring, which we expect will result in continued improvement in our upfront assortment building. We intend to drive increased inventory turn as we reduce inventory levels and improve our merchandise presentation through the full-year use of the planning and store grading tools as well as enhanced replenishment capabilities.
Related to marketing, we have additional opportunities to enhance our targeted marketing efforts by utilizing our recently implemented customer analytics tool. Additionally, we will leverage paid media to also drive customer acquisitions. Lastly, we plan to hold more frequent in-store grassroots events for a differentiated customer experience as these events have been effective in driving traffic among existing and new customers.
In addition to the initiatives we are undertaking to increase sales, we continue to focus on improving our cash flow. After several years of investing in technology and stores, we intend to optimize these investments in fiscal 2017 and reduce capital outlays.
We are also taking a close look at our costs and identifying opportunities for additional savings in a number of areas, including occupancy, increased efficiencies and processes, and contract negotiations.
Our preliminary assessment suggests there is an opportunity for net savings in fiscal 2017 of approximately $5 million to $7 million before giving effect to the cost that company would incur in connection with potential growth in overall sales. We will provide further update on future calls.
I will now turn it over to Pete to provide us our third quarter financial performance and our fourth quarter guidance.
Peter Michielutti
Thank you, LuAnn and good morning, everyone. My financial review today will cover the third quarter ended October 29, 2016, compared to the third quarter ended October 31, 2015, as well as some general comments regarding our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year.
Net sales in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 were $106.7 million, an increase of 2.9% compared to $103.6 million in last year's third quarter. Comparable sales in the quarter increased 4.5% driven by a mid single-digit increase in our full price stores and a 16% increase in eCommerce, partially offset by a decline in our outlet count.
For the quarter, sales per square foot increased by 5.3%. Overall average dollar sales increased by 6% driven by a 6.5% growth in average unit retail, partially offset by 1.5% decrease in units per transaction.
Gross margin increased to 36.8% of net sales, an improvement of 95 basis points, compared to last year's third quarter, primarily due to leverage in our occupancy costs. Merchandise margin increased by 16 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, penetrating from higher initial mark-ups.
Selling, general and administrative expenses were $32.5 million, compared to $33.6 million in last year's third quarter. The decline in SG&A dollars was due to lower store operating expenses, reduced professional and advisory fees, lower medical expenses and lower corporate expenses, partly offset by higher marketing and eCommerce operating expenses.
SG&A decreased approximately 190 basis points to 30.5% of net sales compared to 32.4% in last year's third quarter. Depreciation and amortization was $3.1 million, which was flat to last year's third quarter. The third quarter net income was $3.5 million or $0.09 per diluted share. Last year's third quarter net loss was $350,000 or $0.01 per share.
As more fully explained in the financial schedules, accompanying our press release, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure was $6.7 million compared to $3.8 million in the same period last year. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income adjusted for income tax provisions, other income and interest expense, depreciation and amortization, impairment of store assets, and certain non-recurring items.

For the first nine months of 2016, sales were $296.6 million up 2.5% compared to the comparable period of 2015. Gross margin for the first nine months expanded approximately 140 basis points to 36.1%. There we're a couple of items in the first nine months of both years that were nonrecurring in nature.
Year-to-date in 2016, the company incurred advisory fees in connection with shareholder activism of approximately $1.6 million and eCommerce platform transition costs of $684,000. In the first nine months of 2015, the company incurred advisory fees in connection with shareholder activism of approximately $687,000.
Excluding these items, adjusted EBITDA for the first nine months of 2016 was $10.7 million and 87% increase compared to adjusted EBITDA of $5.7 million in the prior year period.
Now turning to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with approximately $25.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments. This compares to $29.4 million at the end of the third quarter a year ago. Total inventory was $54.1 million as of October 2016, compared to $52.5 million at October 31 2015, an increase of 3%.
The increase in inventory during the quarter was due to higher in-transit inventory at the end of the quarter, partially offset by a 3.8% decrease in inventory on hand. The overall composition of the inventory at the end of the quarter was very current with approximately 70% of the inventory represented by October or lifecycle products, seasonal and core inventory.
Capital expenditures for the third quarter of 2016 were $2 million compared to $5.1 million in last year's third quarter. Capital expenditures in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 primarily reflected investments in new stores and technology associated with our customer first initiative.
The reduction year-over-year reflects fewer new stores and lower technology investments due to substantial progress we have made in our customer first initiative. We had borrowings in our revolving credit facility for the third quarter and have not drawn on the facility other than to open up letters of credit to the normal growth.
During the quarter we closed two MPW stores and one outlet store. We opened one new MPW store. At the end of the third quarter, we had $1.9 million in retail square feet which is down 4.9% for the third quarter of last year. We operated 6.3% of fewer stores at the end of the third quarter this year. As of October 29, 2016, we operated 504 stores, consisting of 314 MPW, 82 outlets, 55 Christopher & Banks, 53 CJ Bank stores.
Now on to our outlook. Following a slow start to November, which we attribute to distraction from the election and warm weather, we saw significant sequential improvement in sales post-elections in the last week of the month. Based on these trends, we anticipate sales for the fourth quarter to be between $93 million and $97 million correlating to 1% to 5% comparable sales increase as compared to $94.6 million and a comparable sales decrease of 3.4% in last year's fourth quarter.
Keep in mind that we'll be up against a two-year stack sales increase of 50% in our eCommerce business in the fourth quarter. We expect a net loss of $4.1 million to $5.9 million or $0.11 to $0.16 per share as compared to a net loss of $46.6 million or $1.26 per share in last year's fourth quarter, which included a $37.5 million or $1.2 per share valuation allowance for the project asset.
Adjusted EBITDA a non-GAAP measure is expected to be between approximately a negative $600,000 in a negative $2.4 million for the fourth quarter. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $3.4 million compared to $3.3 million in last year's fourth quarter. We expect on hand inventory across the decline by low single-digits, compared to the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.

During the fourth quarter, we anticipate closing six MPW stores and closing 24 CB and CJ stores and converting them into 12 MPW stores. The average square footage in expected to be down 5% year-over-year and no new stores are planned in the fourth quarter. We expect average square footage for the year to be down approximately 1.6% as compared to fiscal 2015.
We expect capital expenditures for the year to between $12 million and $12.5 million, representing investments in new stores as well as capital expenditures associated with completing the technology aspects of our customer first initiative.
We expect our taxes for the year to be nominal to represent minimum fees and taxes. We anticipate ending the year with cash, cash equivalent investment in the low to mid $30 million range as compared to $34.5 million at the end of last year’s fourth quarter.
That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call to questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Neely Tamminga
Great. Good morning. 
Peter Michielutti
Good morning, Neely.
LuAnn Via
Good morning.
Neely Tamminga
Yes, congratulations. This is the most stable earnings and report I think we've seen in the entire earnings season, so well done to you all.
LuAnn Via
Thanks.
Neely Tamminga
Couple questions, I think probably for LuAnn, we would love to hear a little bit more specifics because we’re really intrigued by concept of the reactivation of the relapsed customers.
So, you guys have a really strong [set phone] calling event based grass roots efforts at the home at Christopher & Banks, but where has that been integrated with print and digital for the specifics, not just on acquisition, but the reactivation of the relapsed customers? We would love to hear more about the marketing efforts on that.
LuAnn Via
So Neely, I think the most important piece is the direct mail. We get a really strong response to direct mail generally and we have increased our circulation as it relates to lapsed because it relates to those customers that you know we may be lost as we combined stores. So we have really put a major focus on expanding deeper into the file to get the -- get those customers to come back into the store.
And I think one of the things to that as you know and you said we're calling our customers our associates obviously are a major differentiator for us, and they are very much engaged talking to the customers about we’ve redone the store, come back and see us, we have a great selection, we have more style.
So I think we lost some traction obviously when we did the collapse and combines and the sizes were split, and the customer -- the CJ customer thought that we closed her store and took hers the way; and the conversion, the Missy customers thought that we obviously took her store away. So combining the sizes and the new visuals we have in store is, also I think based on what we're getting right now, a big piece of it as well.
So if you want to have just a couple of specifics, we actually had, in direct mail we were generating 13% more sales to last year with 48% more customers who spent 5% more per shopper. So this whole active, which we really focused on, we've now really focused on extending that circulation to lapse.
Neely Tamminga
That’s great. And that is really some good news. I have two separate types of questions on the merchandizing front if I may as well. So first it sounds like you guys are doing a really good job at these exclusive collections of the third-party brand. I may also personally own a pair of those Diane Gilman jeans that you guys stock, so really good products,
But I was wondering if that’s opening up as you guys are doing more of that, and you are obviously finding some positive comp traction. Are you getting people coming up out of the woodwork to do more of this with you? Just what does that landscape look like? What is the potential for what that could be? Was that really a time period on it, but over time I guess.

LuAnn Via
So personally I think that we need additional differentiation in our assortments and one of the things when you are mainly a private label company, sometimes the customer has the opinion that you don't have the brands obviously because you only have one brand and it is your name and the collections are also a differentiator.
It's not about the same merchandise that we have. So as you know, with Diane Gilman, it's been a big win for us as it relates to bringing new customers into the store and we are looking to expand it. So we do have a couple of other collections that are coming out in the Spring season delivering in March.
And I don't know that they're coming out of the woodwork, but there are plenty of brands that really can create some major differentiation for us in the assortment and also get customers that just might not shop in our store.
And it's really exciting for us because Diane Gilman obviously does a lot of business on air, and once they get the product, they are really liking it. So we're pretty excited about it. So I think for the future, nearly that we would continue to do that, obviously we have a strong heritage with our brand, but I think it's time to make a little bit of a move as it relates to our total assortment and those branding efforts.
Neely Tamminga
That's great, thank you for that LuAnn, and then also on sweaters, you called it out as a weakness. I think no-brainer as the weakness around weather has just not been exactly most cooperative for all of retail, but you guys are known for sweaters and so I guess what we're trying to -- we're wondering about is, where have sweaters been for you guys on the second half of November where it got really cold.
We removed the Election distraction. Is that a category that's still showing signs of weakness and therefore we might have a merchandising issue or a mix issue or is it -- did it pop? 
LuAnn Via
So I think there's two things to note here and you know our stores pretty well. So our heritage was in sweaters. So we really have looked at what is it that we need to do in the sweater business as a total, because it's been weak actually for the last five years, six years.
And there is opportunity I think for us to bring back some of those really unique sweaters. So one of the things that we found this year and it actually came in November, late October, early November and while yes whether absolutely did impacted, I also think there were opportunities within the assortment to really differentiate us from our competitors and specifically department stores.
So how do we become put that special back in specialty and to really have that unique customer that comes to us for something special and sweaters has been our heritage. So what we did was we said okay, we're going to look back and say what was relevant to us, what did we really get from what details etcetera and we brought in a lot of novelty and I will tell you a little more expensive, but the customer reacted very strongly to it.
And it's interesting because they are more special. So we actually were doing a sweater style-out yesterday for next year and I will tell you the special pieces that we're going to integrate, I think is going to really turn our sweater business throughout because the sweater business overall has been tough in the industry and some of it again is weather-related.
But there is more jackets and coats and different things that are really just taking over some of that business and we really need to make sure that we're just different Neely and that does set us apart. So we did get a pop obviously when the weather came, but it still is not our strongest category and there's an opportunity for that. So it's really a focus for us for 2017.
Neely Tamminga

Okay. That's great. Best wishes and Merry Christmas. Happy holidays.
LuAnn Via
Thank you. Same to you.
Peter Michielutti
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Hamblin with Dougherty & Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Jeremy Hamblin
Good morning. And I just want to add my congratulations. Really impressive results in a tough environment and great guidance. I wanted to just make sure that I understood something on the Q4 guidance. I think Pete that you had said, you expect all channels to come positively in Q4, does that include the store channel and then the online business?
Peter Michielutti
No. We said that there was mistake and we do not expect for it to comp positively in the fourth quarter.
Jeremy Hamblin
Okay.
LuAnn Via
It was '17, we were talking about.
Peter Michielutti
Yes in '17 we haven’t given any sales guidance for '17 and we've talked about the initiatives that we have in '17 and the opportunities that we have for '17 but we really haven’t -- we don’t take anything what we said for sales guidance for '17. Do you want to talk about that?
Jeremy Hamblin
No, no, no, I'm talking about Q4 specifically.
Peter Michielutti
Yes in Q4, and neither for Q4 we do expect continued positive performance out of the base stores and eCommerce stores in outlet stores we're still working on, we expect improvement in that in the next year.
Jeremy Hamblin
Okay. Great, but coming back to Q3, then for a second, your online business, I think you said was up 16% in the quarter, which you gave like a two-year stack of 42%?
Peter Michielutti
Yes I believe that's correct.
Jeremy Hamblin
Right, up 26% last year. As we look at '17 in general in online, it sounds like you're continuing to expect that to be a big driver of business. How much of that is just the opportunity to improve the efficiency, the effectiveness of the platform and how much investment do you need to make in that business next year?
Peter Michielutti
We believe we do have opportunity to continue to capitalize on the investments we have made this year and last year into the platform. As we look to next year, it's more of a case of optimizing our marketing efforts and how to drive people to the website as well as when we look at and these end up being online sales through the store, we call it AOS.
As we do more tearing to our stores, there is an opportunity to these inventories to be more productive by having it online rather than having in some of these volume stores. So that's going to be driving throughput on eCommerce platform in efficient manner.
Jeremy Hamblin
Okay. And further on that, it sounds like the technology investments, the systems investment in QuantiSense are starting to pay off because it sounds like you're really getting a better match on your inventory levels and your tearing by stores and by AUVs of those stores and that's helping you to control where inventory should be.
Can you just expand on that a little bit in terms of how that impact is developing here over the last couple of quarters and how we should expect that to continue to be a better match on inventory versus the store-specific metrics going forward?
LuAnn Via
So Jeremy, I think there is two things. First of all remember we implemented the store grading tool at the end of August. So what we're doing right now is utilizing that tool actually post the assortment. So if the assortment is already on the way, so that tool is now giving us guidance on how we're going to post allocate merchandise as it's coming in.
The great news is and that's been helpful obviously because we will be able to get it to the right stores etcetera. The best news is that as we have it now going forward in 2017, it's going to give us the ability and it really starts in second, back half of first quarter and the beginning of second quarter, excuse me, for us to do it before we make the purchases.

So it gives us an opportunity to have it before the goods are booked by store and here is what really helps us specifically as it relates to climate for our hot zones, so that tool is going to really be beneficial and really optimizing our inventory productivity next year.
Jeremy Hamblin
Terrific. And then just building on that a little bit more as we think about the statement in here of the $5 million to $7 million in potential for net savings next year, some of that seems like it's tied to store closures. I know that you're closing 18 net stores in Q4, how should we think about that going forward?
Pete, can you give us a little bit more detail on these store closures in terms of the net impact on a profitability standpoint are these stores -- some of these stores providing negative four-wall performance and that's why they're closing. Just any additional color on that $5 million to $7 million in savings and how it ties into your store base?
Peter Michielutti
So as it relates to the implications on the store closures, the store closures, the 18 at the end of the year, the 24 that becomes 12, which are the MPW stores, we expect improved border lines in closing those stores. So this should be accretive to performance for next year.
On the other six stores that are closing, they're marginally profitable or they're negative for all contributions and the ones that are marginally profitable, we get sales transfer opportunity into the current store base.
So, the way -- and the reason we discuss it the way we did is its early, we’re still early in the fourth quarter to start talking about anything specific from a sales standpoint, but we believe that by these cost reduction opportunities and some of them are, as we talked about there is occupancy savings and there and some of those occupancy savings, we do have a lot of short term leases that we have opportunities from reducing some of our rent cost on existing stores as we do these renewals.
And we've taken a lot of efforts this year and early analyzing each component of our cost and we have specific cost savings on a lot of things freight, we have on supplies that the new platform is going to give us savings next year or efficient platform.
So there is a lot of specific things that we’re doing from a cost perspective of taking cost out of the business and so we believe that based on where we are today and going into next year, even sales don’t change that we believe even with some store closings, you can get flat sales year-over-year. We can cut these costs and put us into a positive operating income range before any impacts of increasing sales.
Jeremy Hamblin
Wow, that’s impressive and great to hear. Last question I think and its really related to the rent that you just discussed, in terms of where you feel like you have negotiating opportunities and potentially reducing rents are you seeing that primarily in the B and C mall locations and how does it compare to what you're seeing in your A mall location on the rent front?
Peter Michielutti
As you know your ability to negotiating depends on a couple things where you are in your lease term and where the specific center is in their occupancy rate. So, I’m not going to give way into any of our negotiating power by having a discussion with you over the phone on this, but we believe there is opportunity wherever we are have to discussions with landlords because we think we are a meaningful player and I think they want to keep the occupancy up in their centers and we have very good relationships with our landlords.
Jeremy Hamblin
Great. Well, thanks so much for taking the questions and best of luck moving forward.
Peter Michielutti
Okay. Thank you.
LuAnn Via
Thanks Jeremy.
Operator
Thank you. Miss Via, there are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the floor back to you for further remarks.

LuAnn Via
Thank you. Looking back on the third quarter, I’m very pleased with the execution of our entire team and I’d like to thank everyone for their hard work and dedication. We look forward to speaking with you in March when we’ll share our fourth quarter results and our plans for 2017. Thank you for joining our call. Happy holidays everyone.
Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Services, Apparel Stores, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CBK TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector








Christopher & Banks Announces Appointment of LuAnn Via as President and Chief Executive Officer and a Member of the Board of Directors (NYSE:CBK)












 








  
                    
                       
                           




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














October 29, 2012

Christopher & Banks Announces Appointment of LuAnn Via as President and Chief Executive Officer and a Member of the Board of Directors



      30 Year Plus Retail Veteran with Extensive Merchandise and Product

      Development Background

    
 MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Christopher & Banks Corporation (NYSE: CBK), a specialty women's apparel

      retailer, today announced that it has completed the search, commenced in

      February 2012, for a successor to Chief Executive Officer Joel Waller.

      The Company's Board of Directors ("Board") has elected LuAnn Via as the

      Company's President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of its

      Board effective upon her first day of employment, which is anticipated

      to be November 26, 2012. As previously announced by the Company, Mr.

      Waller will continue in a consulting capacity through June 30, 2013, in

      order to ensure a smooth transition.

    

Paul Snyder, Chair of the Board of Directors and a member of the CEO

      search committee, indicated that, "LuAnn is an exceptional choice for

      this position and I am confident that she will provide excellent

      leadership for Christopher & Banks as we continue to execute on the

      turnaround strategy started by Joel Waller. Ms. Via's extensive

      merchandise and product development experience in multiple retail

      channels in addition to her strong executive and personal qualities were

      key factors in the Board's decision to hire her. She brings a unique

      combination of merchandise experience, customer focus, drive and a

      passion for retail that makes her an ideal CEO to lead the Company."

    


      Ms. Via said, "I am very excited to be joining Christopher & Banks and

      working with the management team and the entire organization to build

      upon the current strategy and return the Company to profitability. I

      look forward to leveraging the Company's brand strengths to deliver

      improved sales and earnings results for the Company's shareholders."

    

Mr. Snyder indicated on behalf of the Board, "We cannot thank Joel

      enough for his many contributions as President and Chief Executive

      Officer. He stepped into a very difficult situation and swiftly moved

      the Company in the right direction. We were very fortunate to have had

      his leadership during this critical time and we are pleased that Joel

      will continue with Christopher & Banks as a consultant through June 30,

      2013."

    

Mr. Waller said, "I want to thank the Board for the opportunity to serve

      as the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer and am very

      pleased with the progress that the current management team and I were

      able to achieve thus far. I look forward to working with LuAnn to ensure

      a smooth transition and the continuation of the Company's current

      turnaround on its path to profitability."

    


      From July 2008 until earlier this month, Ms. Via served as President and

      Chief Executive Officer of Payless ShoeSource, Inc., a subsidiary of

      Collective Brands, Inc., which recently was acquired. At Payless

      ShoeSource, Ms. Via was responsible for approximately $2.4 billion in

      annual revenues at 4,000 stores in 30 countries across four continents

      with more than 26,000 employees worldwide. She also has specialty retail

      women's experience, having served in several capacities at Charming

      Shoppes, Inc. from January 2006 to July 2008. As a Group Divisional

      President, she had overall merchandising and operational responsibility

      for both the Lane Bryant and Cacique brands, generating over $1 billion

      in annual sales and operating more than 850 stores. As President of

      Catherines Stores, Inc., a Charming Shoppes subsidiary, she was

      responsible for leading a $400 million retail operation with

      approximately 350 stores. Ms. Via was at Sears Holding Company from 2003

      to 2006 as a Vice President, General Merchandise Manager with

      responsibility for accessories, fine jewelry, intimate apparel and

      footwear. From 1998 to 2003, she was Senior Vice President, General

      Merchandise Manager of Product Development at Saks, Inc. with

      responsibility for design, development, sourcing and sales for women's

      accessories, intimate apparel and footwear. She also has a variety of

      other executive, merchandising and product development experience,

      having previously worked at Federated Department Stores, The

      Shoebox/Shoe Gallery and Trade AM International, among others. Ms. Via

      attended the University of Miami and is a member of the board of

      directors of Mela Sciences, Inc.

    

About Christopher & Banks


Christopher & Banks Corporation is a Minneapolis-based specialty

      retailer of women's clothing. As of October 29, 2012, the Company

      operates 640 stores in 44 states consisting of 388 Christopher & Banks

      stores, 172 stores in their women's plus size clothing division CJ

      Banks, 55 dual stores and 25 outlet stores. The Company also operates

      the www.ChristopherandBanks.com

      and www.CJBanks.com

      e-commerce websites.

    

Forward-Looking Statements


Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking

      statements. The forward-looking statements may use the words "expect",

      "anticipate", "plan", "intend", "project", "believe" and similar

      expressions and include statements: (i) that the Company intends to

      build upon the current strategy to return the Company to profitability

      and leverage the Company's brand strengths to deliver improved sales and

      earnings results for the Company's shareholders. Important factors that

      could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or

      projections contained in the forward-looking statements include, but are

      not limited to: (i) the inherent difficulty in forecasting consumer

      buying and retail traffic patterns which may be affected by factors

      beyond our control, such as a weakness in overall consumer demand;

      adverse weather, economic or political conditions; and shifts in

      consumer tastes or spending habits that result in reduced sales; (ii)

      lack of acceptance of the Company's fashions, including its seasonal

      fashions; (iii) the ability of the Company's infrastructure and systems

      to adequately support our operations; (iv) the effectiveness of the

      Company's brand awareness, marketing programs and efforts to enhance the

      in-store experience; (v) the possibility that, because of poor customer

      response to our merchandise, management may determine it is necessary to

      sell merchandise at lower than expected margins or at a loss; (vi) the

      failure to successfully implement the Company's strategic and tactical

      plans; (vii) general economic conditions could lead to a reduction in

      store traffic and in consumer spending on women's apparel; (viii)

      fluctuations in the levels of the Company's sales, expenses or earnings;

      and (ix) risks associated with the performance and operations of the

      Company's Internet operations.


Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these

      forward-looking statements which are based on current expectations and

      speak only as of the date of this release. The Company does not assume

      any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement at any

      time for any reason.


Certain other factors that may cause actual results to differ from

      such forward-looking statements are included in the Company's periodic

      reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available

      on the Company's website under "Investor Relations" and you are urged to

      carefully consider all such factors.






      Company:Christopher & Banks CorporationPeter G.

      Michielutti, 763-551-5000Senior Vice PresidentChief

      Financial OfficerorInvestor Relations:ICR, Inc.Jean

      Fontana, 646-277-1214

    


Source: Christopher & Banks Corporation

News Provided by Acquire Media

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Christopher & Banks Corporation








 

LuAnn Via: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:31 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Strata Skin Sciences, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
LuAnn   Via  Independent Director, Strata Skin Sciences, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships63$67,415
Background

		Ms. LuAnn Via served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Christopher & Banks Corporation since November 26, 2012 until January 17, 2017. Ms. Via served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Payless ShoeSource Inc., a subsidiary of Collective Brands, Inc. since July 2008. She has over 30 years of retail experience in a variety of channels, including extensive executive, merchandise and product development responsibilities. She served as President ... of Lane Bryant and Cacique brands of Charming Shoppes since June 2007 and served as its Unit President since January 19, 2006. From January 19, 2006 to June 25, 2007, Ms. Via served as President of Catherine Stores of Charming Shoppes. She worked at Sears, Roebuck and Co. from 2003 to 2006 and served as its Vice President of intimate apparel; general merchandise manager of intimate apparel and general merchandise manager of womens accessories and fragrances. She served as Vice President and General Merchandising Manager for the retailer's footwear, accessories, fine jewelry and intimate apparel business. She served as Senior Vice President of General Merchandising Product Development from 1998 to 2003 at Saks, Incorporated, where she was responsible for the product development of the stores' private brands. She served as an Executive Vice President at Trade Am International, managing its handbag business from 1992 to 1998 and from 1990 to 1992, Senior Vice President and General Merchandising Manager at The Shoe Box/The Shoe Gallery. From 1985 to 1990, she was at Rich's Division of Federated Department Stores first as a handbag buyer. Since 1988, Ms. Via served as Divisional Vice President and Merchandise Manager for accessories. She began her career in 1974, as an Assistant Dress buyer at Adam, Meldrum and Anderson Company. She served as a Director of Christopher & Banks Corporation since November 26, 2012 until January 17, 2017. She has been an Independent Director of Strata Skin Sciences, Inc. (alternate name MELA Sciences, Inc.) since April 2012. She has a bachelor's degree from the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Fla.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
100 Lakeside DriveHorsham, Pennsylvania 19044United StatesPhone: 215-619-3200Fax: 215-619-3209
Board Members Memberships
2012-PresentIndependent DirectorStrata Skin Sciences, Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree University of Miami
Other Affiliations
Sears, Roebuck and Co.Charming Shoppes Inc.Christopher & Banks CorporationPayless Inc.Lane Bryant, Inc.University of MiamiPayless ShoeSource, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$46,250Total Calculated Compensation$67,415




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationGene S. Cartwright Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer, President, Acting Chief Financial Officer and DirectorGuided Therapeutics, Inc.$255.0KMichael P. Oliver Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and DirectorSpectraScience, Inc.$325.0KL. Michael Hone Chief Executive Officer and DirectorCaliber Imaging & Diagnostics, Inc.$350.0KAlexandre  Loiseau Ph.D.Co-Founder, CEO & Director Mauna Kea Technologies SA$250.9KThomas A. Braun BA, J.D., LLMChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorVerisante Technology Inc.$312.5KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Strata Skin Sciences, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Services including Restaurant and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Services including Restaurant and Retail StocksNetflix Delivers A Stellar QuarterNFLX• Yesterday, 5:41 PM • Sramana Mitra•5 CommentsDryShips: It Ain't Over YetDRYS• Yesterday, 5:21 PM • Bill Maurer•15 CommentsAltice USA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATUS• Yesterday, 4:46 PM • SA TranscriptsCanfor Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCFPZF• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • SA TranscriptsEastside Distilling's Capital Raise - Is This A Nanocap To Watch?ESDI• Yesterday, 3:45 PM • Ryan Surber•5 CommentsDillard's: The Bearish Side Of The ArgumentDDS• Yesterday, 3:29 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•8 CommentsInterpublic Group Of Companies Selloff Overreaction Presents A Buying Opportunity For The Long-Term Income InvestorsIPG• Yesterday, 3:13 PM • Accelerating Dividends•4 CommentsChipotle: 2017 Q2 Shows 18 Month 'Recovery' Hasn't Happened And, Given Risk, It's Unlikely It Ever WillCMG• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • J.G. Collins•7 CommentsVerisk Analytics To Acquire G2 Web Services For Financial Risk SolutionsVRSK• Yesterday, 2:15 PM • Donovan JonesMatson Weakness Before Earnings - Buying Opportunity Or Steer Clear?MATX• Yesterday, 1:40 PM • James Sands•4 CommentsStarbucks: There Is No JustificationSBUX• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Quad 7 Capital•66 CommentsLargest Acquisition To Date A Plus For StarbucksSBUX• Yesterday, 1:03 PM • ALT Perspective•22 CommentsYY Inc. Is UndervaluedYY• Yesterday, 12:30 PM • John Bay, CFA•6 CommentsStill Upside For Lufthansa?DLAKF• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Frederic Laudenklos•1 CommentThe Skies Are Clear For OMABEditors' Pick • OMAB• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • Ian Bezek•11 CommentsHub Group - Was The Recent Stock Price Run Up Too Fast, Or Did Yesterday's Earnings Miss Justify The Stock Price Beat-Down?HUBG• Yesterday, 11:09 AM • James SandsChegg: Can The Run Continue?CHGG• Yesterday, 11:06 AM • Michael Battat•3 CommentsAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Yesterday, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•5 CommentsSonic Automotive Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAH• Yesterday, 9:53 AM • SA TranscriptsLithia Motors, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLAD• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsHibbett's E-Commerce Move: Too Little Too LateHIBB• Yesterday, 9:39 AM • SiddharthCapital Product Partners L.P. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPLP• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsGNC: Did Goldman Sachs Really Just Reiterate Its $5 Price Target?GNC• Yesterday, 9:16 AM • Courage & Conviction Investing•51 CommentsNatural Health Trends Corporation: Buy It For Value, Buy It For GrowthNHTC• Yesterday, 8:39 AM • Ty Huggins•2 CommentsAir France-KLM 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAFRAF• Yesterday, 8:34 AM • SA TranscriptsFly High American AirlinesAAL• Yesterday, 8:30 AM • Chris Hulsey•8 CommentsSecuritas A BB 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSCTBF• Yesterday, 6:14 AM • SA TranscriptsLowe's Companies: A Fast-Growing Dividend King Worth ReviewingLOW• Yesterday, 5:50 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•18 CommentsWhat Makes Darden Restaurants Attractive In The Long Term?DRI• Yesterday, 3:32 AM • RCK Financial Services•7 CommentsWorld Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWWE• Yesterday, 12:52 AM • SA TranscriptsNavios Maritime Partners L.P. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNMM• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:19 PM • SA TranscriptsGNC: Strong Earnings Or BustGNC• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:22 PM • Chandler Clinkingbeard•15 CommentsSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•5 CommentsPenske Automotive Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPAG• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:08 PM • SA TranscriptsBusinesses Risk Lawsuits For False Brand Supply Chain Claims, EU RulesAHODF• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:58 PM • Gabriel Thoumi, CFABarnes & Noble Might Actually Be Worth $1 Billion Or MoreBKS• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:49 PM • Daniel Jones•5 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•5 CommentsUPS: Put Option Idea For IncomeUPS• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:56 PM • Pat Stout•13 CommentsLa Quinta Holdings (LQ) Investor Presentation - SlideshowLQ• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsMichael Kors Holdings (KORS) Acquires Jimmy Choo (JYMHF) - SlideshowKORS• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:49 PM • SA TranscriptsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•4 CommentsReport: Expedia Invests $350 Million In TravelokaEXPE• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:29 PM • Donovan JonesDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFAChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Thu, Jul. 27, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•17 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Thu, Jul. 27, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•3 CommentsChipotle - Gauging The Potential Effects Of The Norovirus OutbreakCMG• Thu, Jul. 27, 12:35 PM • Kenra Investors•3 CommentsComcast's Q2: Solid Numbers, Stock A Buy Even At Low YieldCMCSA• Thu, Jul. 27, 12:33 PM • Steven MallasDespite Strong Q2 Results, Wynn Shares Took A Hit - As Always, They Will Recovery QuicklyWYNN• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:59 AM • Howard Jay Klein•20 CommentsAre Wal-Mart's Top Management Able To Estimate EPS Accurately? Let's Find OutWMT• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:36 AM • Ville Peltonen•1 CommentUPS: More Downside Ahead?UPS• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:36 AM • Quad 7 Capital•12 CommentsSirius XM Moves Higher On Q2 Earnings ReportSIRI• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:55 AM • Spencer Osborne•40 CommentsLandstar System, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLSTR• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsLKQ Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLKQ• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsA Misunderstood And Overvalued Growth StockCSGP• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:32 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentSirius XM Posts Strong Results - Raises GuidanceSIRI• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:00 AM • Crunching Numbers•71 CommentsCimpress N.V. 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMPR• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:54 AM • SA TranscriptsComcast Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMCSA• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsCharter Communications, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHTR• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsNew Media 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNEWM• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAllegion plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALLE• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:49 AM • SA TranscriptsWhat Was Found Inside McDonald's Might Surprise YouMCD• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:46 AM • David Zanoni•7 CommentsChipotle: Getting The Right PriceCMG• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:31 AM • Stone Fox Capital•7 CommentsTractor Supply Bounces BackTSCO• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:18 AM • Samuel Smith•9 CommentsCostco Wholesale Corp.: Strong Financials, Fairly Valued StockCOST• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:16 AM • Exclusive Capital•10 CommentsScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: Walt DisneyDIS• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•20 CommentsDiana Containerships Adopts DryShips Model (Kalani); Reverse Split AgainDCIX• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:13 AM • Research & Investment•11 CommentsKohl's - It's Worth A Look At These LevelsKSS• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:10 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsMcDonald's Two Businesses, One StrategyMCD• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:06 AM • The Hedged EconomistRoss Stores - Be Careful With This DipROST• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:59 AM • Kenra Investors•9 CommentsTrinity Industries: The Market's Showing Signs Of RecoveryTRN• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:43 AM • Daniel Jones•8 CommentsThe Home Depot Is A Strong BuyHD• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:13 AM • Kush Patel•9 CommentsDiscovery And Scripps: An Odd Couple In A MergerSNI, DISCA• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:40 PM • Jay Wei•8 CommentsGenuine Parts: A Dividend King Trading At An 18-Month LowGPC• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:03 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•17 CommentsDryShips: Acquisitions Fully Funded. What Now?DRYS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:29 PM • Morningsidepark•42 CommentsLas Vegas Sands Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLVS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:07 PM • SA Transcripts•6 Comments123456...802Next Page














LuAnn Via - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















LuAnn Via
Board Member at Strata Skin Sciences, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you LuAnn Via? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view LuAnn Via's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in LuAnn Via's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in LuAnn Via's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with LuAnn Via through your network of contacts.
												








LuAnn Via's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Strata Skin Sciences, Inc.


Past
To view LuAnn Via's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view LuAnn Via's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like LuAnn Via. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in LuAnn Via's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in LuAnn Via's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with LuAnn Via through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: LuAnn Via


















LuAnn Via's Connections (65)





Sign up now to view LuAnn Via's 65 connections »









Lisa W. Wardell
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Adtalem Global Education Inc.









Mylle H. Mangum
Board Member, Barnes Group Inc.









Laura A. Weil
Board Member, Carnival









Matthew E. Rubel
Board Member, Hudson's Bay Company









Nikolai Kabelev
Former Vice President, Research and Development, Strata Skin Sciences, Inc.









Morris Goldfarb
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, G-III Apparel Group, Ltd.









Jonathan Duskin
Board Member, Christopher & Banks Corporation









Seth R. Johnson
Board Member, Tilly's, Inc.









D. Scott Olivet
Board Member, Cedar Fair, L.P.









John F. McGovern
Board Member, Kearny Financial Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Luann's Design in Glenwood, IA 51534 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Iowa
» Glenwood
» Beauty Salons
» Luann's Design













Luann's Design


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





427 Sharp St  Glenwood, Iowa 51534


(712) 527-4390


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Luann's Design is located at the address 427 Sharp St in Glenwood, Iowa 51534.  They can be contacted via phone at (712) 527-4390 for pricing, hours and directions.  Luann's Design specializes in Sciatica, Arm Pain, Formals.  Luann's Design has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Luann's Design provides Bathing, Trimming, Acupuncture to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Luann's Design view the map to the right.  For reviews of Luann's Design see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Cosmetics
, Hair Spray & Gel
, Accessories
, Beauty Products
, Creams
, Gifts
, Gift Baskets
, Aromatherapy Products
, Bath Products
, Brushes



SERVICES


Body Wraps
, Body Care
, Acupuncture
, Trimming
, Hand Care
, Body Waves
, Massages
, Bathing
, Gift Certificates
, Estimates


 BRANDS


Redken
, Aveda
, Murad
, Wella
, Paul Mitchell
, Joico
, Kenra
, Sebastian


 SPECIALTIES


Formals
, Arm Pain
, Fatigue
, Occupational Therapy
, Leg Pain
, Chronic Pain
, Sciatica
, Extremity Pain
, Graduations
, Proms



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (712) 527-4390
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Luann
Main Contact Last Name: Edwards
Main Contact Title: Owner
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 36000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Beauty Salons
Personal Services
Hair, Nail & Skin Care Services



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










 Ergonomic Stools | Via Chairs | Swopper Chair | 247ergo.com                             ShippingReturnsPrivacy PolicyMy AccountCheckoutFree Shipping on Everything! Contact Us: 1-800-958-6670  Cart    Via Chairs Via’s Swopper chair lineup is made with exceptionally professional craftsmanship that you can feel, both when you first sit down, and in these ergonomic stools lifetimes. There’s no way you can fake a better chair. Muvman Sit-Stand Stool $599.00 Add to cart Swopper Air $849.00 Add to cart Swopper Custom Edition $739.00 Add to cart Swopper Dynamic Back Support – Back only $299.00 Add to cart Swopper Special Edition $699.00 Add to cart                                                     



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

























LUANN 





























































Home 
Member details








L





                            LUANN
                        
Sebring, FL | FL
Member Since : 24 Jan 2014






Reviews by: Luann




date
likes







 







Febreze AIR Freshener with Gain Original Scent



(4 weeks ago)




                        Febreeze is an awesome product. With three dogs I buy thus all the time to help my air smell clean
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Sebring, FL | FL
                        







0




2.1K




 I HAVE TRIED THIS
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Le Petit Marseillais Shea Butter Sweet Almond and Argan Oil Nourishing Body Milk Lotion



(2 months ago)




                        This was a surprising product. I loved the smell of Sweet Almond which lingered throughout the day. The lotion went on easily and made my skin glisten before finally releasing the almond smell. My skin felt soft, supple and transformed. I would not have
 believed such a product existed. This is a definite must for all those with skin that needs renewal and hydration.
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Sebring, FL | FL
                        







0




2.1K




 I Home Tested with free product
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Nature Valley Biscuits



(2 years ago)




                        Great tasting. Filling and fulfilling. The taste is great and easy to carry in my purse
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Spokane | WA
                        







5




2.1K




 I HAVE TRIED THIS
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Sencor Stand Mixer STM 301



(2 years ago)




                        I found this priduct easy to understand how to use. The mixers were awesome when making bread. All the attachments were easy to wash. My daughter even learned how to use it. This has brought us closer as a baking family
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Spokane | WA
                        







0




2.1K




 I Home Tested with free product
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Quaker Protein Baked Bars



(2 years ago)




                        This would be a great snack for Lu Che's fir school. Definitely would live o try. Thank you
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















L'Oreal Visible Lift



(2 years ago)




                        Wouldn't t it be great if we actually could look younger and see a difference
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Oreo Thins



(2 years ago)




                        Oreos are a must for any household especially with school
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















VISINE -A.C.® Seasonal Itching + Redness Relief



(2 years ago)




                        I received this product from home tester as a free sample product for my opinion. I have chronic dry eyes and use computers all day. Thus product was great. It helped me keep moisturizer so I could keep working and made my eyes feel great
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K




 I Home Tested with free product
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Mirasorb



(3 years ago)




                        I received this as a free product from home tester club for my opinion. This provided comfort and extra protection for my sons leg cuts.
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K




 I Home Tested with free product
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Gauze Pads



(3 years ago)




                        I received thus as a free product from home tester club for my opinion. Great protective, breathable gauze firms well to ointment on wounds and helps protect from further trauma
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K




 I Home Tested with free product
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















BAND-AID Advanced Healing - Blister



(3 years ago)




                        This was a product I received from home tester club for free to get my opinion. This was amazing. Just the feel of the cushioning impressed me. There was no chafing or having it roll down off the wound in shoes. It applied just the right amt if comfort
 and protection. Amazing
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K




 I Home Tested with free product
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Cloth Tape



(3 years ago)




                        I received this product as a member of home tester club free for my opinion. This was a good product for my family. Our hands are in and out of water and our family used this and it was amazing how well it stuck together. I found it great and resilient.
 When placed on elbow joint it felt comfortable and protected. Have recommended this to all my friends. Thank yiu
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K




 I Home Tested with free product
                        




Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Fiber One™ Chocolate Chip Crunchy Cookies



(3 years ago)




                        I would love to be able to have the opportunity to try this.
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Quaker® Instant Oatmeal Apples & Cranberries



(3 years ago)




                        Oatmeal gets you up and going. Would love this taste combination
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Uncle Ben`s® Brown Rice & Quinoa Roasted Red Pepper



(3 years ago)




                        Quinoa is actually good for you so it would be interesting to try this
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Pedigree Dentastix® Daily Oral Care Fresh



(3 years ago)




                        My dachshund has the most offensive breath. They say it is natural in this breed but it is bad
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Dr. Scholl`s® P.R.O. Pain Relief Orthodics for Sore Soles



(3 years ago)




                        I hVe had foot problems since grade school. Glad they are coming up with new products
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Duncan Hines® Red Velvet Decadent Brownie Mix



(3 years ago)




                        Red velvet. How elegant. Can't wait to see how this tastes
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Nabisco™ Honey Maid Grahamfuls



(3 years ago)




                        Any honey maid graham cracker is great for adults and kids. Definitely sounds interesting
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















Purex® Crystals



(3 years ago)




                        I absolutely would love to try these. We live where the water has a smell and I bet these would change that
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+


















York® Minis Dark Chocolate Covered Peppermint Patties



(3 years ago)




                        Yum I live York pepper,isn't, especially frozen. These are great on the ho
                        
                    


 Luann

                            Springfield | MA
                        







0




2.1K





Post comment to:


 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+
















Load more products












Learn & Win
Share the details of the product you’d like us to list in New Product Watch below.
Success!
 












Submit



 






Brand Power Spotlights

Helping you buy better

VIEW MORE







RECOMMEND APRODUCT

Have you found a hot new product you want other...
VIEW MORE


HOME TESTED PRODUCTS
This is where our members register for new sample
VIEW MORE



 








×
 Terms & Conditions 



EXHIBIT A Website Terms of Use https://hometesterclub.com/us/en/home/Terms Buchanan Group Sites Terms of Use The use of the Sites is subject to the following terms and conditions, the <Privacy Statement> and any additional terms and conditions, rules, disclaimers and notices displayed by us elsewhere on the Sites from time to time (together, "Terms of Use").  By using the Sites, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use as updated from time to time, whether you are a visitor simply browsing the Sites or you become a member of the BG community (both, "Users"). If you do not agree with any of the terms contained in the Terms of Use, do not use the Sites. For the purposes of the Terms of Use the word "Sites" includes, without limitation,:   this site; all websites, co-branded micro sites, services, or applications owned or provided by Buchanan Advertising (Canada) Inc. ("BG"), and all services offered on or through www.hometesterclub.com, and other services accessible via www.hometesterclub.com or via other websites owned, operated or provided by BG;  all mobile phone applications and other media owned, operated or provided by BG; all software offerings and applications owned or provided by BG and/or available on or through www.hometesterclub.com or other websites, mobile phone applications and other media owned, operated or provided by BG; and  all webpages, data, text, images, photographs, graphics, audio, video, and documents including, without limitation, offers and coupons, marketing materials, press releases, white papers, product data sheets, and other information and content on or through or submitted on or through www.hometesterclub.com or other websites, mobile phone applications and other media owned, operated or provided by BG.   For the purposes of the Terms of Use "Related Entity" means any of Buchanan Group Holdings Pte Ltd, Buchanan Licensing Singapore Pte Ltd, Buchanan Advertising (Australia) Pty Ltd., Buchanan Advertising (UK) Ltd, BG Advertising (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and Buchanan Group LLCand Buchanan Group Holdings Pte Ltd Related Bodies Corporate and Licensees from time to time.  Use of the Sites The Sites are owned, operated or provided by BG and are designed to provide a place for Users to access and share homemaker knowledge and experience through forums, articles, videos and product reviews. The information and material on the Sites is provided "as is" for general informational purposes only. Users access the Sites, and rely on the information and material contained in the Sites, at their own risk.  Membership To participate in certain parts of the Sites, Users must register on the Sites as a member of the BG community. Users who register as a member of the BG community must provide BG with complete and up-to-date registration information, as requested. It is each User's responsibility to inform BG of any changes to their registration information, by updating the details in their member profile page.   BG may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend Users' membership of the BG community immediately without notice for any reason, including if Users breach any of the Terms of Use. Users may terminate their membership by deactivating their membership on their member profile page. However, Users will continue to be bound by the Terms of Use for as long as they continue to use the Sites.  Users who register as members of the BG community will be issued a user-name and password. If you register to become a member of the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your member identification and password information, and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your member identification and password.  By subscribing for membership on this Site you are subscribing for membership encompassing each of the BG Sites. As a member you will be able to access each of the BG websites and enjoy the privileges of a member. Any comments you post on a BG Site may be used on any of the Sites. User-posted content Some parts of the Sites may allow Users to submit, upload, post or transmit content or material such as text, photos, images, audio and video (including links to content or material) ("Material") that may be accessed and viewed by others via the Sites. Users are responsible for any Material they submit to the Sites and must respect the legal rights and sensibilities of other Users.  BG reserves the right to (but has no obligation to) review, remove, edit, modify, deny access to or not display any Material submitted, uploaded, posted or transmitted to or on the Sites in its sole discretion.  By submitting, uploading, posting or transmitting Material to or on the Sites, Users:   grant BG a fully paid, royalty free, perpetual, transferable, worldwide license to (and to authorize others to) use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display such Material (modified or unmodified) for the purposes of operating the Sites and providing any associated services to Users and any promotional purposes of BG and its clients (for example, BG may reproduce testimonials in promotional materials for its own use or that of its clients (which may or may not include the relevant user name)); consent to BG using and publishing (and authorizing others to use and publish) their name, character, likeness, image, voice or anything else that identifies them which is contained in the Material for the above purposes;  grant other Users a royalty free, fully paid, perpetual, worldwide license to use, copy and reproduce such Material for their own private, non-commercial use; represent and warrant that they are legally entitled to submit, upload, post or transmit the Material to or on the Sites and have obtained all necessary licenses, consents and approvals in relation to the Material (including intellectual property licenses and in relation to the use of any name, character, likeness, image, voice or anything else that identifies any person that is included in the Material) to enable them to submit, upload, post or transmit the Material on the Sites and to permit BG and Users to deal with the Material in accordance with the licenses granted above without infringement or violation of any third party rights;  represent and warrant that they provide BG with accurate, truthful and complete registration information; and consent to any act or omission that would otherwise infringe their moral rights in the Material and present and future rights of a similar nature conferred by statute anywhere in the world.     No liability for misuse by third parties BG does not warrant that Material submitted, uploaded, posted or transmitted by Users will be protected against misuse by third parties. In particular, BG is not responsible for the infringement of the copyright in Material by other Users. Conduct of Users  Users must not submit, upload, post or transmit Material on the Sites:    that contains advertising, spam or is otherwise submitted, upload, posted or transmitted for commercial purposes (except where expressly permitted by BG);  about a product or service that they own or are otherwise associated with (including if they are an employee or agent of the supplier);  that is offensive, unlawful, harmful, indecent, defamatory, false or misleading, untruthful or inaccurate, discriminatory, unsuitable for minors or of an abusive, obscene, offensive or menacing nature; that contains nudity, sexual activity, swear words or excessive violence or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by BG in its sole discretion; that is reasonably likely to offend another User; that violates or infringes (or the use of which violates or infringes) the intellectual property (including without limitation any patent, trademark, trade secret or copyright) or other rights of any person or entity; that contains personal information of any person (such as name, address, email address, phone number), or any third parties' likenesses except with the relevant person's permission;  that contains software viruses or other computer codes, files, worms or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, disable, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system data, password or other information of BC or any third party; that imposes or may impose (as determined by BG in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on BG's (or its third party providers') infrastructure; or that contains financial, legal, medical or other professional advice.  Users must not use the Sites to:  conduct any illegal activity; cause annoyance or inconvenience to any person including other Users; or harvest information about Users for the purpose of sending, or to facilitate the sending of, unsolicited commercial electronic messages.   Material posted by other Users BG is not responsible for, and accepts no liability with respect to, any Material submitted, uploaded, posted or transmitted on the Sites.  The views and opinions expressed in Material posted by Users on the Sites are the views and opinions of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views or opinions of BG or its clients. BG does not endorse or support any views or opinions posted by Users on the Sites or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, currency or suitability of any information posted by Users.      Membership of Home Tester Club  If you sign up to become a home tester in the Home Tester Club, from time to time, BG may send to you samples of products (Samples) for you to test.  You agree and acknowledge to the fullest extent permitted by law that:    BG is under no obligation to send you any Samples at any time; BG has no liability to you in respect of the Samples; and you will not make a claim against BG for any Samples not received or received in a damaged condition.    BG advises you not to accept the delivery of, or use, any Samples that appear damaged or tampered with in any way. In such circumstances, please contact the local Home Tester Club team. In the event that Samples are returned to us undelivered for any reason, including human error, or are otherwise not delivered to you BG will be under no obligation to redeliver the Samples.   Reporting violations  By using the Sites, Users may be exposed to Material submitted, uploaded, posted or transmitted by other Users that may be offensive, indecent or objectionable. Users agree that BG is not liable for the opinions or behavior of other Users, including any Material they submit, upload, posted or transmit on the Sites and any defamatory statements or offensive conduct.   Users who believe that the behavior or Material of another User is objectionable or contrary to the Terms of Use can report the behavior or Material to BG by using the "Report" button at the relevant place on the Sites or contacting BG (click <here > for contact details).  Disclaimer of warranties and representations   BG makes no express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever with respect to the site, the service or the content. BG expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, with regard to the site, the service, the content, and any product or service furnished or to be furnished via the site. Bg does not warrant that the functions performed by the site or the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, or that defects in the site or the service will be corrected. Bg does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the content, or that any errors in the content will be corrected. The site, the service and the content are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.    Limitation of BG's Liability Where conditions, warranties or consumer guarantees implied or applied by law cannot be excluded, BG limits its liability, where it is entitled to do so, to the resupply of the relevant service, or paying the User the cost of that resupply. Otherwise, to the maximum extent permitted by law, BG and its officers, employees, agents and representatives will not be liable for any loss or damage (including consequential loss or damage) to any person or entity, however caused (whether by negligence or otherwise), which may arise directly or indirectly in respect of any error, omission or misrepresentation in any information or material provided on the Sites or otherwise as a result of or in connection with the use of the Sites or any information or material provided on the Sites.   Links to third party websites  The Sites may contain links to other websites that are not operated or controlled by BG. Those links are provided for convenience only and may not be current. Provision of a link should not be construed as an endorsement or approval of the third party website by BG.  BG is not responsible for the content of third party websites, which are not covered by the Terms of Use. Users access those websites at their own risk. Third party websites should have their own Terms of Use, which BG encourages Users to read.    Availability and Use Users must ensure that their access to, and use of, the Sites, is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to them or in their location. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes. You agree not to take any action that might compromise the security of the Site, render the Site inaccessible to others or otherwise cause damage to the Site or the Content. You agree not to add to, subtract from, or otherwise modify the Content, or to attempt to access any Content that is not intended for you. You agree not to use the Site in any manner that might interfere with the rights of third parties.   BG reserves the right to change or remove any feature of the Sites at any time.   Indemnity You understand and agree that you are personally responsible for your behavior on the site. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless BG, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, joint venturers, business partners, licensors, directors, officer employees, agents any prize suppliers and any other organizations or persons responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting any service, including without limitation any sweepstakes or contests, and any third-party information providers to the service (collectively, "indemnified parties") from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary and indirect damages), and reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from or arising out of your use, misuse, or inability to use the site, the service, or the content, or any violation by you of this agreement, even if resulting, in whole or in part, from the negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability or other legal fault of any of the indemnified parties.    Age of Users Users must be 18 years or over or otherwise use the Sites with parental or guardian consent and supervision.    Use of Bulletin Board, Blogs, and Other Communication Forums  This Site contains bulletin boards, chat rooms, or other message or communication facilities (collectively "Forums"), you agree to use the Forums only to send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Forum. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Forum, you shall not do any of the following:  Defame abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others. Publish post, distribute, or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, or unlawful material or information. Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents. Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer. Delete any author attributions, legal notices, or proprietary designations or labels in any file that is uploaded. Falsify the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded. Advertise or offer to sell any goods or services or conduct or forward surveys, contests, or chain letters. Download any file posted by another user of a Forum that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.  You acknowledge that all Forums are public and not private communications. Further, you acknowledge that chats, postings, conferences, and other communications by other users are not endorsed by BG, and such communications shall not be considered reviewed, screened, or approved by BG. BG reserves the right for any reason to remove without notice any contents of the Forums received from users, including without limitation bulletin board postings. BG reserves the right to deny in its sole discretion any user access to this Site or any portion thereof without notice.  Copyright You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of BG. BG neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with BG.  Users may download information from the Sites and print out that information, but only for their own private, non-commercial use. Otherwise no part of the Sites (including any Material posted on this website) may be reproduced, copied, published, framed, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of BG. Requests for consent should be directed to BG. Click <here> for contact details.   Downloading Files BG cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the Site will be free of infection by software viruses or other harmful computer code, files or programs.  Intellectual Property  We (or our associated or affiliated companies or third parties who have licensed its brands to BG or contributed to the Sites) ("Content Owner") own, license or have permission to use from third parties all content of the Sites. All content of the Sites remains the sole property of the applicable Content Owner and is protected under all relevant copyright, trademark and other applicable laws.   Nothing on the Sites should be construed as granting any license or rights to use or distribute any content of the Sites outside of the Sites, without our express written agreement or of the other applicable Content Owner.   Linking to this Site Unless specifically authorized by BG, you may not connect "deep links" to the Site, i.e, create links to this site that bypass the home page or other parts of the Site. You may not mirror or frame the home page or any other pages of this Site on any other web site or web page without BG's authorization.    Jurisdiction The content, operation and interpretation of this website and the Terms of Use will be governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia. The User agrees to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Victoria in the event of a dispute arising out of, or in connection with, this website.   Promotions  From time to time, BG may offer you the ability to enter promotions (sweepstakes, scavenger hunts and contests). Such promotions are governed by these Terms of Use as well as an additional set of rules, which additional rules are also found on the Site. In the event of an express conflict between these Terms of Use and such additional rules, the additional rules will control; provided that a conflict will not be found to exist if a matter is addressed in these Terms of Use but not in such additional rules.    Changes to these terms and conditions BG may amend these terms and conditions from time to time by posting the amended version on this website. It is your responsibility to check these terms and conditions periodically for changes. Subsequent or continuing use of the Sites will constitute acceptance of any changes.   If any part of the Terms of Use is or becomes void, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. The void part will be replaced by provisions that are valid and have an effect as close as possible to the effect of the void part.   DMCA Copyright Notice / Claims of Copyright Infringement BG is committed to complying with U.S. copyright laws, such as DMCA and other applicable laws, and requires all of its users to comply with these laws. As part of our response, we may remove or disable access to material residing on a site that is controlled or operated by BG that is claimed to be infringing, in which case we will make a good-faith attempt to contact the person who submitted the affected material so that they may make a counter notification, also in accordance with the DMCA.  Before serving either a Notice of Infringing Material or Counter-Notification, you may wish to contact a lawyer to better understand your rights and obligations under the DMCA and other applicable laws.  If you believe your copyright material is being used on this Site without permission, please notify the designated agent at privacy@hometesterclub.com.  Your notice of alleged copyright infringement should include:  Please describe how your copyrighted work or other intellectual property has been infringed; Please describe where the infringing material is located on the Site; Your contact information where we can contact you and, if different, an e-mail address where the alleged infringing party can contact you; Please state that you believe that the use of the material is not authorized by the copyright or other intellectual property rights owner, by its agent, or by law; A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is correct and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is alleged to be infringed; and Your electronic or physical signature.  If you are sending this notice via email, please make sure to notify us clearly, such as labeling your email message with the subject "DMCA Notice of Infringement." We are committed not to infringe anyone else's copyright materials. But if you have not heard back from us for over five business days, your may have failed to deliver the notice to us. Please contact us again. Counter Notification You may file a counter-notification that contains the following details if your material has been taken down with the following details.  The proof of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled; A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material in question; Your contact information; and A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for judicial district in which your address is located or, if your address is outside of the USA, for any judicial district in which BG may be found and that you will accept service of process from the person who submitted a notice.  Please be advised that under the DMCA anyone who knowingly makes misrepresentations regarding alleged copyright infringement may be liable to BG the alleged infringer and/or the affected copyright owner for any damages incurred in connection with the removal, blocking and/or replacement of allegedly infringing material. Updated September 2013.   Member Code of Conduct  Brand Power Home Tester Club Member Code of Conduct As a member of the Brand Power Home Tester Club community, you get to enjoy trying products for free and sharing your opinions with the club and your friends. By being a member you agree to always share your uncensored opinion - that is to always be honest, never mislead and always try to provide valuable and authentic opinions.  In order to help other members and people who use the reviews and opinions of members, we need to make sure that all our members appropriately Disclose that you have received a free product from the Brand Power Home Tester Club. How do I disclose? We all know that the best things in life are free, but please make sure others know that to give us your uncensored opinion the Brand Power Home Tester Club gave you the free product. So please make this clear to others when you are sharing your experience of the Product. How can you do this? It's easy. If you are commenting on your experience outside of the Brand Power Home Tester Club we recommend using hastags (#). "I love being a member of the Brand Power Home Tester Club, #freesamples" " Just received [product name] for free from the Brand Power Home Tester Club, thanks!" " Have switched to using [product name] after trying it, love it #samp"  If you are reviewing on www.hometesterclub.com then you don't need to add these tags - we do this automatically for you via the "Home Tested" tag that is applied to your review. Remember, we want your uncensored ratings and reviews. We want you to tell us exactly what you thought about the product, in your own words and style. Your friends & Brand Power Home Tester Club members are interested in what your experience is - both positive and negative, so use the product a few times and provide your considered feedback. By stating that you received the product for free helps the quality and credibility of all the reviews made by Brand Power Home Tester Club members. Why do we ask you do this? It helps everyone know how you go to make your review, and we want to make sure all our members follow the guidelines set by the Federal Trade Commission. We hope you enjoy everything about the Brand Power Home Tester Club. If you have any questions, send us an email at members@hometesterclub.com and we will get back to you soon.



Close










×Close
Sign into Your Account
Not a member yet? Register now — it's Free



 

 Sign in with Facebook
            

 Sign in with Twitter
                

 Sign in with Google+
                

 Sign in with Amazon
                    








Facebook
Google
Amazon
Twitter
Yahoo



OR EMAIL

 






 Login





 Keep me logged in
                    



Forgot your password?


 














×






Yes
No










×






Ok










×
Page error



                    There seems to be an error with the page. Please click on Ok button to reload the page
                


Ok






















Loading...
















How LuAnn Via turned around Christopher & Banks by turning back the clock (Video) - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal





































































 































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases





Subscribers



Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Start a Subscription




Sign up for Newsletters






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Build Your Own Lists




Submit Your Company to Be on a List






Awards



Women in Business




Titans of Technology 2017




Nominate for an Award





 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations




Add Your Event




Event Photos






Signature Events



Women in Business




Titans of Technology 2017




Bizwomen Mentoring Monday





 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job in Minneapolis/St. Paul




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









Sales Leads
Public records information to build your business




How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Home of the Day
Premium real estate listings in Minneapolis/St. Paul




Bizspace
Best office spaces available in Minneapolis/St. Paul




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners







Resource Guides




 


Subscribers 








Start a Subscription




Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About Us




About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Contact Us




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters




Mobile Apps




Syndication/RSS






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +
















 

Please Sign In and use this article's on page print button to
    print this article.







 







            Cover story        


Cover Story: How LuAnn Via turned around Christopher & Banks by turning back the clock (Video)

Christopher & Banks CEO LuAnn Via slashed store count and reversed a strategy that pushed into younger, trendier styles. And it’s working.




May 2, 2014, 5:00am CDT






Industries & Tags


                    Media & Marketing                









John Vomhof Jr.


                            Staff reporter/broadcaster                        

Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal














                    Share
                


























 Order Reprints


 Save Article




 Print
















 



 Email




 Facebook




 LinkedIn




 Twitter




 Save Article





More 






 Email




 Facebook




 LinkedIn




 Order Reprints




 Twitter




 Save Article
























 







John Vomhof Jr.


                            Staff reporter/broadcaster                        

Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal









 






Home of the Day
        





 Sponsor Listing 



                    BEST LAKESHORE ON LAKE MINNETONKA!                




See All Homes of the Day





 
























                May 2, 2014 — Business Journal reporter John Vomhof Jr. discusses his cover story on Christopher & Banks CEO LuAnn Via's turnaround efforts. (Video courtesy KMSP-TV FOX 9)             










 Enlarge





                LuAnn Via, president and CEO of Christopher & Banks Corp. since Nov. 26, 2012, has more… more 








 



LuAnn Via has led a turnaround at Christopher & Banks Corp. by going back to an old playbook.
In recent years, the women’s clothing retailer lost its way, opening too many stores and introducing new merchandise that was too casual, too trendy and too expensive. Same-store sales fell sharply and the operating losses mounted to a total of nearly $100 million for fiscal 2011 and 2012.









 Enlarge






                            LuAnn Via, president and CEO of Christopher & Banks Corp. since Nov. 26, 2012, has more… more 










 


Read this subscriber-only story for free by visiting the Business Journal on LinkedIn, on  Facebook or on  Twitter.
“We walked away from our core customer,” Via said during a recent interview at the company’s Plymouth headquarters. “We wanted her to be somebody she wasn’t.”
Since taking over as CEO in November 2012, Via has closed hundreds of stores and overhauled Christopher & Banks’ inventory, leading to a dramatic improvement in the company’s financial results. It posted a same-store sales gain of 8.4 percent in fiscal 2013, and the company ended the year in the black for the first time since 2007.
The chain still faces challenges, including a soft economy, a crowded marketplace and a lack of national brand recognition. But Chairman Paul Snyder believes the company is back on track for success under Via, a 30-year retail veteran who previously led brands such as Payless ShoeSource, Lane Bryant and Catherines Stores.
“We knew we had to get this right because, in the situation we were in at the time, if we didn’t get it right we probably were not going to get a second chance at it,” Snyder said of the CEO selection process in 2012. “We needed somebody who could come in and provide leadership to the organization and continue the turnaround we had started. … She’s all we thought she would be and then some.”
Via and Chief Financial Officer Peter Michielutti have outlined a three-year plan that calls for Christopher & Banks to post mid-single-digit same-store sales growth and annual square-footage growth of 2 to 3 percent by 2016, along with expanding margins and reduced costs.

“We are laser focused on executing what we’ve told The Street we’re going to execute,” said Via, who commutes to the Twin Cities weekly from her home in Memphis, Tenn. “We’re not going to take a diversion. It’s a dynamic business, so you tweak assortments, you tweak marketing and you do what you need to do from a promotional perspective, but we have to stay focused on delivering the plan. That’s my job.”
Analysts are bullish on the outlook, forecasting improved profitability ahead. Piper Jaffray & Co.’s Neely Tamminga expects the company’s operating margin to top 6 percent within three years, up from 2 percent last year.
“It’s completely doable and I could probably move higher over time,” she said. “Strong-performing apparel retailers can produce double-digit operating margins, so we think their opportunity is pretty significant.”




Merchandise mix
In some regards, Christopher & Banks’ merchandising missteps were similar to those at J.C. Penney Co. Inc. during its recent struggles. Both companies changed too quickly and dramatically in an effort to attract new customers, losing sight of what their most loyal customers liked about their brands.
Christopher & Banks’ customers kept coming back to the chain’s stores during that time, Via said, but they weren’t buying because the stores didn’t have the products they wanted anymore.
“For some, there’s a desire to have a younger and trendier customer, and that’s where the prior management had taken the company,” Dougherty & Co. analyst Jeremy Hamblin said. “The customer always votes with their dollars and that’s why same-store sales went down dramatically.”
Via immediately set out to reconnect with those loyal shoppers, whom she refers to as “friends.” They’re typically between the ages of 45 and 60 with average household incomes of more than $70,000. Seventy percent of them work outside the home, mostly in the administrative, education and health care sectors.
“She’s not edgy. She’s a fashion follower, not a fashion leader,” Via said. “And, you know what, she’s not sexy like Lane Bryant or as contemporary as a Chico’s customer. She’s middle America.”
So, Christopher & Banks has gone back to its roots, liquidating its new, trendier merchandise and refocusing on the key product categories that historically generated the strongest results — a process that started under interim CEO Joel Waller prior to Via’s arrival. The company has placed more emphasis on jeans and its most popular dress pants, while also introducing slimming pants, wrinkle-resistant blouses, skirts and dresses.
“I would tell you on our assortment the customer is voting yes,” Via said. “Even in the fourth quarter, when we were slightly below our [prior-year] sales, our conversion rate was up, our units per transaction were up and our margin was up. So, we were making more money.”
Meanwhile, Christopher & Banks has increased its marketing budget to attract “look-alike customers” who fit the demographic profile of its core shoppers. The company spent 2.8 percent of sales on marketing last year, up from 1.7 percent the year before, with the largest percentage of that budget going toward direct mail. It sent out 3.4 million direct-mail pieces in the fourth quarter, twice as many as during the same period last year.
“We get tremendous response rates from our direct-mail pieces, so we have overinvested there as it relates to our total spend,” Via said. “That’s really our focus.”
Store strategy




 


When Via arrived at Christopher & Banks, she quickly discovered that the chain’s real estate strategy wasn’t the right fit. It needed to try on a new, smaller size.
So the chain, which had swelled to 837 locations by the end of 2008, closed many of the CJ Banks stores the company had added in the mid-2000s and began consolidating the plus-size brand with its flagship Christopher & Banks line wherever possible. It’s now down to 544 stores.
So far, Christopher & Banks has converted 67 stores to its new missy, petite and women (MPW) format — the centerpiece of Via’s long-term real estate strategy. By the end of 2014, it will have 150.
The transition saves the company millions on real estate and labor costs. Plus, 23 percent of its customers shop both at Christopher & Banks and CJ Banks brands because women aren’t always the same size on top as on the bottom.
“Ushering in this MPW strategy is going to be a big part of [Via’s] legacy going forward,” Tamminga said. “She’s really figured out the right balance of bringing the different sizing under one roof. They can more efficiently manage their in-store labor and it’s more efficient from a sales-productivity perspective in terms of the return on capital.”
Meanwhile, Christopher & Banks is targeting outlet malls as another growth channel. The company has 31 such locations, including one at Albertville Premium Outlets, but Via wants to expand that to between 75 and 100 outlets within the next three years.
Those locations, like the company’s new MPW stores, carry a full array of Christopher & Banks and CJ Banks merchandise. And outlet malls also help open the door for the chain in some new markets, especially in the South, where’s its stores are scarce.
“We can go into a market where they don’t know us very well,” Via said. “It’s a destination and customers aren’t as brand conscious there, so we get more of a captive audience.”
Changing market
Despite its recent success, Christopher & Banks still faces headwinds as the economy remains soft and the weather has challenged apparel retailers. Christopher & Banks’ same-store sales decreased 1.4 percent in the first quarter as store traffic declined 9 percent, largely due to the brutal cold and snow in January.
On top of that, the women’s specialty retail segment is oversaturated with stores operated by national chains like Chico’s, Talbots and Ann Taylor. And, despite its recent successes, Christopher & Banks remains a regional brand concentrated in the Midwest and Northeast.
“It’s a really competitive segment to be in, and Christopher & Banks doesn’t have the brand awareness that some of the other players have,” said Tina Wilcox, the CEO and creative director at retail branding agency Black Retail.
But the segment is changing rapidly. Sandpoint, Idaho-based Coldwater Creek, for example, recently filed for bankruptcy and plans to close all of its 365 stores nationwide.
That could open the door for Christopher & Banks to boost its market share, Tamminga said.
“We still see women’s apparel as a category that has room for expansion,” she said. “We think the next nine months will be very telling as to who the winners and losers are.”
CHRISTOPHER & BANKS CUSTOMERS
Age range: 45-60 Percent married: 67 Average household income:$70 - $75K  (50 percent more than national average). Work outside the home: 70 percent (primarily in administration, education and health care). Purchases per year: 3.4 Total purchases per year: $157












 






Home of the Day
        





 Sponsor Listing 



                    BEST LAKESHORE ON LAKE MINNETONKA!                




See All Homes of the Day







Industries

Media & Marketing











 









 











 



Suggested Reading









 


















 








 



 



































Home Tester Club










































































 





Previous



Next






TRY PRODUCTS
TEST and SHARE products for FREE at home.




REVIEW & SHARE
Review the latest products.




GET REWARDED
Unlock achievement badges to enhance your experience.



RECEIVED  A PRODUCT?
Ready to complete your survey?Here is what to do now.



×Close
 Share your thoughts on holiday shopping and WIN a $100 Supermarket Gift Card SIGN-UP NOW!



Products members have tested











 2K
 207
 3K


Sally Hansen Miracle Gel
In just two easy steps get up to 14 days of color and shine.



















M














 256
 4
 237


STAINMASTER Floor Cleaning Kit
The STAINMASTER™ Floor Cleaning Kit offers a comfortable, convenient solution for cleaning your...




D









K



















 207
 196


STAINMASTER Hardwood Floor Cleaner
STAINMASTER™ Hardwood Floor Cleaner delivers a quick and convenient cleaning solution straight...




D




K




T




M














 173
 3
 173


STAINMASTER Multi-Surface Cleaner
STAINMASTER™ Multi-Surface Floor Cleaner delivers a quick and convenient cleaning solution...



















M




A













 12
                                
 1K
 1K


Le Petit Marseillais
Le Petit Marseillais™, the #1 body wash brand in France, has arrived in America! Founded in...







 536
 483


Neutrogena Light Therapy Acne Spot Treatment Pen
Harness the power of light therapy to target and treat acne breakouts. This clinically proven...














A




E




L









 144
 137


Aveeno Baby Continuous Protection Sensitive Skin Lotion Sunscreen SPF 50
Specially formulated for babies, this zinc oxide sunscreen provides broad spectrum protection...




A




J














J









 98
 95


Neutrogena Beach Defense Water + Sun Protection Sunscreen Spray Broad Spectrum SPF 30
Neutrogena Beach Defense Water + Sun Protection Sunscreen Spray Broad Spectrum SPF 30




B




P




C




L




R












Brand Power Spotlights

Helping you buy better

VIEW MORE






NEW PRODUCT WATCH



Find out what's new in stores.

VIEW MORE



Member Review







Hot New Products

 



 80
 54
 4.7


Kid’s Crest Cavity Protection Toothpaste
 Kid's Crest Cavity Protection Toothpaste comes in a pack of 2 each with 4.6...







 27
 8
 4.9


Dare Whole Grain Crackers
 Dare Grains First Whole Grain Crackers baked with 10 whole grains & seeds...







 19
 10
 4.4


King Arthur Flour Gluten Free ...
 Ideal for gluten-free baking. Dedicated gluten-free manufacturing facility.  







 190
 135
 4.7


Terra Real Vegetable Chips Mediterranean
 Terra Real Vegetable Chips Mediterranean comes in a size of 6.8 oz. 







 553
 412
 4.7


Febreze AIR Freshener with Gain ...
Leaves a clean, fresh scent. Knocks out unpleasant aromas with one spray.







 9
 2
 4.5


TENA MEN Protective Shield - Level 0








 150
 39
 4.3


Maybelline New York Dream Cushion Fresh ...
 Dream Cushion™ Fresh Face Liquid Foundation delivers...





PRODUCTS CATEGORIES HIGHLIGHT






Cleaners

Scrubbing Bubbles Glade Rainshower Mega Shower Foamer with Ultra Cling
Earth Friendly Products Parsley Plus All Surface Cleaner
Instant Power Slow Drain Build-Up Remover


VIEW MORE






Pets

Pedigree Meaty Ground Dinner Variety Pack
Cesar Softies
Rachael Ray Nutrish Natural Dry Dog Food, Real Chicken & Veggies Recipe


VIEW MORE



Kitchen Shelf

Pillsbury Moist Supreme Premium Strawberry Cake Mix
Classico® Signature Recipes® Fire Roasted Pizza Sauce
King Arthur Flour Gluten Free Multi-Purpose Flour


VIEW MORE






Washing Up

Olay Summer Collection Ultra Moisture Sweet Peach Body Wash
Finish Powerball Tabs Dishwasher Detergent, Power and Free with Hydrogen Peroxide
Olay DUO Soothing Orchid & Black Currant Dual-Sided Body Cleanser


VIEW MORE






 








×
 Terms & Conditions 



EXHIBIT A Website Terms of Use https://hometesterclub.com/us/en/home/Terms Buchanan Group Sites Terms of Use The use of the Sites is subject to the following terms and conditions, the <Privacy Statement> and any additional terms and conditions, rules, disclaimers and notices displayed by us elsewhere on the Sites from time to time (together, "Terms of Use").  By using the Sites, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use as updated from time to time, whether you are a visitor simply browsing the Sites or you become a member of the BG community (both, "Users"). If you do not agree with any of the terms contained in the Terms of Use, do not use the Sites. For the purposes of the Terms of Use the word "Sites" includes, without limitation,:   this site; all websites, co-branded micro sites, services, or applications owned or provided by Buchanan Advertising (Canada) Inc. ("BG"), and all services offered on or through www.hometesterclub.com, and other services accessible via www.hometesterclub.com or via other websites owned, operated or provided by BG;  all mobile phone applications and other media owned, operated or provided by BG; all software offerings and applications owned or provided by BG and/or available on or through www.hometesterclub.com or other websites, mobile phone applications and other media owned, operated or provided by BG; and  all webpages, data, text, images, photographs, graphics, audio, video, and documents including, without limitation, offers and coupons, marketing materials, press releases, white papers, product data sheets, and other information and content on or through or submitted on or through www.hometesterclub.com or other websites, mobile phone applications and other media owned, operated or provided by BG.   For the purposes of the Terms of Use "Related Entity" means any of Buchanan Group Holdings Pte Ltd, Buchanan Licensing Singapore Pte Ltd, Buchanan Advertising (Australia) Pty Ltd., Buchanan Advertising (UK) Ltd, BG Advertising (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and Buchanan Group LLCand Buchanan Group Holdings Pte Ltd Related Bodies Corporate and Licensees from time to time.  Use of the Sites The Sites are owned, operated or provided by BG and are designed to provide a place for Users to access and share homemaker knowledge and experience through forums, articles, videos and product reviews. The information and material on the Sites is provided "as is" for general informational purposes only. Users access the Sites, and rely on the information and material contained in the Sites, at their own risk.  Membership To participate in certain parts of the Sites, Users must register on the Sites as a member of the BG community. Users who register as a member of the BG community must provide BG with complete and up-to-date registration information, as requested. It is each User's responsibility to inform BG of any changes to their registration information, by updating the details in their member profile page.   BG may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend Users' membership of the BG community immediately without notice for any reason, including if Users breach any of the Terms of Use. Users may terminate their membership by deactivating their membership on their member profile page. However, Users will continue to be bound by the Terms of Use for as long as they continue to use the Sites.  Users who register as members of the BG community will be issued a user-name and password. If you register to become a member of the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your member identification and password information, and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your member identification and password.  By subscribing for membership on this Site you are subscribing for membership encompassing each of the BG Sites. As a member you will be able to access each of the BG websites and enjoy the privileges of a member. Any comments you post on a BG Site may be used on any of the Sites. User-posted content Some parts of the Sites may allow Users to submit, upload, post or transmit content or material such as text, photos, images, audio and video (including links to content or material) ("Material") that may be accessed and viewed by others via the Sites. Users are responsible for any Material they submit to the Sites and must respect the legal rights and sensibilities of other Users.  BG reserves the right to (but has no obligation to) review, remove, edit, modify, deny access to or not display any Material submitted, uploaded, posted or transmitted to or on the Sites in its sole discretion.  By submitting, uploading, posting or transmitting Material to or on the Sites, Users:   grant BG a fully paid, royalty free, perpetual, transferable, worldwide license to (and to authorize others to) use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display such Material (modified or unmodified) for the purposes of operating the Sites and providing any associated services to Users and any promotional purposes of BG and its clients (for example, BG may reproduce testimonials in promotional materials for its own use or that of its clients (which may or may not include the relevant user name)); consent to BG using and publishing (and authorizing others to use and publish) their name, character, likeness, image, voice or anything else that identifies them which is contained in the Material for the above purposes;  grant other Users a royalty free, fully paid, perpetual, worldwide license to use, copy and reproduce such Material for their own private, non-commercial use; represent and warrant that they are legally entitled to submit, upload, post or transmit the Material to or on the Sites and have obtained all necessary licenses, consents and approvals in relation to the Material (including intellectual property licenses and in relation to the use of any name, character, likeness, image, voice or anything else that identifies any person that is included in the Material) to enable them to submit, upload, post or transmit the Material on the Sites and to permit BG and Users to deal with the Material in accordance with the licenses granted above without infringement or violation of any third party rights;  represent and warrant that they provide BG with accurate, truthful and complete registration information; and consent to any act or omission that would otherwise infringe their moral rights in the Material and present and future rights of a similar nature conferred by statute anywhere in the world.     No liability for misuse by third parties BG does not warrant that Material submitted, uploaded, posted or transmitted by Users will be protected against misuse by third parties. In particular, BG is not responsible for the infringement of the copyright in Material by other Users. Conduct of Users  Users must not submit, upload, post or transmit Material on the Sites:    that contains advertising, spam or is otherwise submitted, upload, posted or transmitted for commercial purposes (except where expressly permitted by BG);  about a product or service that they own or are otherwise associated with (including if they are an employee or agent of the supplier);  that is offensive, unlawful, harmful, indecent, defamatory, false or misleading, untruthful or inaccurate, discriminatory, unsuitable for minors or of an abusive, obscene, offensive or menacing nature; that contains nudity, sexual activity, swear words or excessive violence or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by BG in its sole discretion; that is reasonably likely to offend another User; that violates or infringes (or the use of which violates or infringes) the intellectual property (including without limitation any patent, trademark, trade secret or copyright) or other rights of any person or entity; that contains personal information of any person (such as name, address, email address, phone number), or any third parties' likenesses except with the relevant person's permission;  that contains software viruses or other computer codes, files, worms or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, disable, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system data, password or other information of BC or any third party; that imposes or may impose (as determined by BG in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on BG's (or its third party providers') infrastructure; or that contains financial, legal, medical or other professional advice.  Users must not use the Sites to:  conduct any illegal activity; cause annoyance or inconvenience to any person including other Users; or harvest information about Users for the purpose of sending, or to facilitate the sending of, unsolicited commercial electronic messages.   Material posted by other Users BG is not responsible for, and accepts no liability with respect to, any Material submitted, uploaded, posted or transmitted on the Sites.  The views and opinions expressed in Material posted by Users on the Sites are the views and opinions of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views or opinions of BG or its clients. BG does not endorse or support any views or opinions posted by Users on the Sites or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, currency or suitability of any information posted by Users.      Membership of Home Tester Club  If you sign up to become a home tester in the Home Tester Club, from time to time, BG may send to you samples of products (Samples) for you to test.  You agree and acknowledge to the fullest extent permitted by law that:    BG is under no obligation to send you any Samples at any time; BG has no liability to you in respect of the Samples; and you will not make a claim against BG for any Samples not received or received in a damaged condition.    BG advises you not to accept the delivery of, or use, any Samples that appear damaged or tampered with in any way. In such circumstances, please contact the local Home Tester Club team. In the event that Samples are returned to us undelivered for any reason, including human error, or are otherwise not delivered to you BG will be under no obligation to redeliver the Samples.   Reporting violations  By using the Sites, Users may be exposed to Material submitted, uploaded, posted or transmitted by other Users that may be offensive, indecent or objectionable. Users agree that BG is not liable for the opinions or behavior of other Users, including any Material they submit, upload, posted or transmit on the Sites and any defamatory statements or offensive conduct.   Users who believe that the behavior or Material of another User is objectionable or contrary to the Terms of Use can report the behavior or Material to BG by using the "Report" button at the relevant place on the Sites or contacting BG (click <here > for contact details).  Disclaimer of warranties and representations   BG makes no express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever with respect to the site, the service or the content. BG expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, with regard to the site, the service, the content, and any product or service furnished or to be furnished via the site. Bg does not warrant that the functions performed by the site or the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, or that defects in the site or the service will be corrected. Bg does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the content, or that any errors in the content will be corrected. The site, the service and the content are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.    Limitation of BG's Liability Where conditions, warranties or consumer guarantees implied or applied by law cannot be excluded, BG limits its liability, where it is entitled to do so, to the resupply of the relevant service, or paying the User the cost of that resupply. Otherwise, to the maximum extent permitted by law, BG and its officers, employees, agents and representatives will not be liable for any loss or damage (including consequential loss or damage) to any person or entity, however caused (whether by negligence or otherwise), which may arise directly or indirectly in respect of any error, omission or misrepresentation in any information or material provided on the Sites or otherwise as a result of or in connection with the use of the Sites or any information or material provided on the Sites.   Links to third party websites  The Sites may contain links to other websites that are not operated or controlled by BG. Those links are provided for convenience only and may not be current. Provision of a link should not be construed as an endorsement or approval of the third party website by BG.  BG is not responsible for the content of third party websites, which are not covered by the Terms of Use. Users access those websites at their own risk. Third party websites should have their own Terms of Use, which BG encourages Users to read.    Availability and Use Users must ensure that their access to, and use of, the Sites, is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to them or in their location. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes. You agree not to take any action that might compromise the security of the Site, render the Site inaccessible to others or otherwise cause damage to the Site or the Content. You agree not to add to, subtract from, or otherwise modify the Content, or to attempt to access any Content that is not intended for you. You agree not to use the Site in any manner that might interfere with the rights of third parties.   BG reserves the right to change or remove any feature of the Sites at any time.   Indemnity You understand and agree that you are personally responsible for your behavior on the site. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless BG, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, joint venturers, business partners, licensors, directors, officer employees, agents any prize suppliers and any other organizations or persons responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting any service, including without limitation any sweepstakes or contests, and any third-party information providers to the service (collectively, "indemnified parties") from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary and indirect damages), and reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from or arising out of your use, misuse, or inability to use the site, the service, or the content, or any violation by you of this agreement, even if resulting, in whole or in part, from the negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability or other legal fault of any of the indemnified parties.    Age of Users Users must be 18 years or over or otherwise use the Sites with parental or guardian consent and supervision.    Use of Bulletin Board, Blogs, and Other Communication Forums  This Site contains bulletin boards, chat rooms, or other message or communication facilities (collectively "Forums"), you agree to use the Forums only to send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Forum. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Forum, you shall not do any of the following:  Defame abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others. Publish post, distribute, or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, or unlawful material or information. Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents. Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer. Delete any author attributions, legal notices, or proprietary designations or labels in any file that is uploaded. Falsify the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded. Advertise or offer to sell any goods or services or conduct or forward surveys, contests, or chain letters. Download any file posted by another user of a Forum that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.  You acknowledge that all Forums are public and not private communications. Further, you acknowledge that chats, postings, conferences, and other communications by other users are not endorsed by BG, and such communications shall not be considered reviewed, screened, or approved by BG. BG reserves the right for any reason to remove without notice any contents of the Forums received from users, including without limitation bulletin board postings. BG reserves the right to deny in its sole discretion any user access to this Site or any portion thereof without notice.  Copyright You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of BG. BG neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with BG.  Users may download information from the Sites and print out that information, but only for their own private, non-commercial use. Otherwise no part of the Sites (including any Material posted on this website) may be reproduced, copied, published, framed, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of BG. Requests for consent should be directed to BG. Click <here> for contact details.   Downloading Files BG cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the Site will be free of infection by software viruses or other harmful computer code, files or programs.  Intellectual Property  We (or our associated or affiliated companies or third parties who have licensed its brands to BG or contributed to the Sites) ("Content Owner") own, license or have permission to use from third parties all content of the Sites. All content of the Sites remains the sole property of the applicable Content Owner and is protected under all relevant copyright, trademark and other applicable laws.   Nothing on the Sites should be construed as granting any license or rights to use or distribute any content of the Sites outside of the Sites, without our express written agreement or of the other applicable Content Owner.   Linking to this Site Unless specifically authorized by BG, you may not connect "deep links" to the Site, i.e, create links to this site that bypass the home page or other parts of the Site. You may not mirror or frame the home page or any other pages of this Site on any other web site or web page without BG's authorization.    Jurisdiction The content, operation and interpretation of this website and the Terms of Use will be governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia. The User agrees to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Victoria in the event of a dispute arising out of, or in connection with, this website.   Promotions  From time to time, BG may offer you the ability to enter promotions (sweepstakes, scavenger hunts and contests). Such promotions are governed by these Terms of Use as well as an additional set of rules, which additional rules are also found on the Site. In the event of an express conflict between these Terms of Use and such additional rules, the additional rules will control; provided that a conflict will not be found to exist if a matter is addressed in these Terms of Use but not in such additional rules.    Changes to these terms and conditions BG may amend these terms and conditions from time to time by posting the amended version on this website. It is your responsibility to check these terms and conditions periodically for changes. Subsequent or continuing use of the Sites will constitute acceptance of any changes.   If any part of the Terms of Use is or becomes void, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. The void part will be replaced by provisions that are valid and have an effect as close as possible to the effect of the void part.   DMCA Copyright Notice / Claims of Copyright Infringement BG is committed to complying with U.S. copyright laws, such as DMCA and other applicable laws, and requires all of its users to comply with these laws. As part of our response, we may remove or disable access to material residing on a site that is controlled or operated by BG that is claimed to be infringing, in which case we will make a good-faith attempt to contact the person who submitted the affected material so that they may make a counter notification, also in accordance with the DMCA.  Before serving either a Notice of Infringing Material or Counter-Notification, you may wish to contact a lawyer to better understand your rights and obligations under the DMCA and other applicable laws.  If you believe your copyright material is being used on this Site without permission, please notify the designated agent at privacy@hometesterclub.com.  Your notice of alleged copyright infringement should include:  Please describe how your copyrighted work or other intellectual property has been infringed; Please describe where the infringing material is located on the Site; Your contact information where we can contact you and, if different, an e-mail address where the alleged infringing party can contact you; Please state that you believe that the use of the material is not authorized by the copyright or other intellectual property rights owner, by its agent, or by law; A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is correct and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is alleged to be infringed; and Your electronic or physical signature.  If you are sending this notice via email, please make sure to notify us clearly, such as labeling your email message with the subject "DMCA Notice of Infringement." We are committed not to infringe anyone else's copyright materials. But if you have not heard back from us for over five business days, your may have failed to deliver the notice to us. Please contact us again. Counter Notification You may file a counter-notification that contains the following details if your material has been taken down with the following details.  The proof of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled; A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material in question; Your contact information; and A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for judicial district in which your address is located or, if your address is outside of the USA, for any judicial district in which BG may be found and that you will accept service of process from the person who submitted a notice.  Please be advised that under the DMCA anyone who knowingly makes misrepresentations regarding alleged copyright infringement may be liable to BG the alleged infringer and/or the affected copyright owner for any damages incurred in connection with the removal, blocking and/or replacement of allegedly infringing material. Updated September 2013.   Member Code of Conduct  Brand Power Home Tester Club Member Code of Conduct As a member of the Brand Power Home Tester Club community, you get to enjoy trying products for free and sharing your opinions with the club and your friends. By being a member you agree to always share your uncensored opinion - that is to always be honest, never mislead and always try to provide valuable and authentic opinions.  In order to help other members and people who use the reviews and opinions of members, we need to make sure that all our members appropriately Disclose that you have received a free product from the Brand Power Home Tester Club. How do I disclose? We all know that the best things in life are free, but please make sure others know that to give us your uncensored opinion the Brand Power Home Tester Club gave you the free product. So please make this clear to others when you are sharing your experience of the Product. How can you do this? It's easy. If you are commenting on your experience outside of the Brand Power Home Tester Club we recommend using hastags (#). "I love being a member of the Brand Power Home Tester Club, #freesamples" " Just received [product name] for free from the Brand Power Home Tester Club, thanks!" " Have switched to using [product name] after trying it, love it #samp"  If you are reviewing on www.hometesterclub.com then you don't need to add these tags - we do this automatically for you via the "Home Tested" tag that is applied to your review. Remember, we want your uncensored ratings and reviews. We want you to tell us exactly what you thought about the product, in your own words and style. Your friends & Brand Power Home Tester Club members are interested in what your experience is - both positive and negative, so use the product a few times and provide your considered feedback. By stating that you received the product for free helps the quality and credibility of all the reviews made by Brand Power Home Tester Club members. Why do we ask you do this? It helps everyone know how you go to make your review, and we want to make sure all our members follow the guidelines set by the Federal Trade Commission. We hope you enjoy everything about the Brand Power Home Tester Club. If you have any questions, send us an email at members@hometesterclub.com and we will get back to you soon.



Close










×Close
Sign into Your Account
Not a member yet? Register now — it's Free



 

 Sign in with Facebook
            

 Sign in with Twitter
                

 Sign in with Google+
                

 Sign in with Amazon
                    








Facebook
Google
Amazon
Twitter
Yahoo



OR EMAIL

 






 Login





 Keep me logged in
                    



Forgot your password?


 














×






Yes
No










×






Ok










×
Page error



                    There seems to be an error with the page. Please click on Ok button to reload the page
                


Ok






















Loading...










