










 







ViaHero, LLC - Other Technology- Buzulencia  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ViaHero, LLC

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2358 Eldridge Street  
    Pittsburgh, PA, 15217Phone: 267-207-5454 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-11


New


$185,000


$185,000


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Greg Buzulencia 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














ViaHero, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:32 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of ViaHero, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ViaHero, LLC operates an online open marketplace that connects travelers with local planning experts for their trips. Its platform enables users to tell about their travel preferences; browse and pick the local trip planners based on their profiles and daily rates; receive a personalized trip guide; and get recommendations about food, drinks, sights, events, activities, and more, as well as logistics and booking info from trip planners. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


2358 Eldridge StreetPittsburgh, PA 15217United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 267-207-5454

www.viahero.com







Key Executives for ViaHero, LLC




Mr. Greg Buzulencia


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Ben Preston


      	Co-Founder and Head of Growth
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 2, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      September 29, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ViaHero, LLC, please visit www.viahero.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other








  Brian Jeffrey Gross's Personal Website   

 
 
                                Brian Jeffrey GrossEntrepreneur & TechnologistSummaryExperienceLet's ChatContact Form  SummaryExperienceLet's ChatContact FormPowered By SUMMARY I have a passion for technology and the many ways that early stage companies and growth oriented non-profits can benefit from it. My experience spans from software engineering and technical product management to operations and business strategy. Solving real world problems with efficient processes and innovative technology solutions is where I am most effective.    CURRENT POSITIONS Pineapple PaymentsChief Operating Officer Novermber 2016 – PresentPineapple Payments powered by CardConnect provides payment processing technology for both brick and mortar and online businesses with a specific focus on mid-market E-Commerce, SaaS, and Enterprise technology integrations. I manage our operations team that executes on our business development, software integration, implementation, and support strategies. I also work closely with our CEO, President, and CFO to define our long-term business and technology goals. My background allows me to effectively guide Pineapple through large-scale opportunities with complex technology components to make sure secure and scalable payment solutions are implemented effectively for each and every unique business case.AthleteTrax, LLCCo-Founder and CTO Dec 2011 – PresentAthleteTrax offers Website services, back-office management software, and payment processing tools for sports facilities and organizations. Our home grown software products power everything from online registration and point-of-sale transactions to league and team management through scheduling, scoring, standings, and statistics. I focus my time on defining and executing on our product development, implementation, and support strategies, while also pushing forward our technologies as a product owner and developer. I work closely with management and our board of directors to accelerate growth and drive value for both our business and our customers. Total cost of ownership, agile development, system architecture, quality assurance, and process management are my key areas of focus. ViaHeroAdvisor Jan 2016 – PresentViaHero is an online trip planning marketplace that connects travelers local experts. I advise the founding team on its growth strategy with a focus on product development, operations, and fundraising. City Theatre CompanyBoard of Directors Member Sep 2016 – PresentI work to further City Theatre's mission of providing an artistic home for the development and production of contemporary plays of substance and ideas that engage and challenge a diverse audience.  LET'S CHAT! brianjeffreygross@gmail.comLinkedin
Greater Pittsburgh Area CONTACT MENameEmail Message  Submit Comment © 2016 Powered by Strikingly - Beautiful resume templates Create your own website with Strikingly                 








ViaHero | Become a Hero
















































How it Works







Become a Hero
Interested in becoming a Hero? Now accepting applications to become a Hero in Cuba, Iceland and Japan!

Hero Application

What will I be doing?
Customers will request your trip planning services and you’ll work with them to build a personalized Trip Plan. This includes recommendations for places to eat, activities, booking and transportation information, and info about the destination(s). You'll use our Trip Plan app to create amazing trips!
What's the process?

ViaHero will review your completed application to vet your knowledge of the area. We accept <5% of applications.
You'll create a sample trip plan for each country you intend to focus on.
If accepted, we’ll get you set up on our platform and start the ViaHero training process.

What are you waiting for?







































ViaHero | Your personalized trip planned by a local.
















































How it Works











Locals

Plan.You Travel.



Experience

differently.


Learn More













For $25/day, you get:




TripConsulting



BookingRecommendations



PersonalizedItinerary



OfflineNavigation



PhoneSupport








HERO (n.) -
A local expert who uses on-the-ground knowledge to create your personalized Trip Plan




How It Works




1



Match


Share preferences and choose your Hero




2



Consult


Iron out trip details + your needs via email




3



Travel


Go confidently with a Trip Plan, maps + support







Want to learn more? Check out How It Works and FAQs for more details, or view our Example Trip Plan.




 See what travelers are saying 






Raphael 
New York City, NY










“Everything was amazing. We came to ViaHero for a local's perspective on what to do. What we got completely blew me away. Our Hero consulted us with everything from finding perfect Airbnbs, to building an itinerary full of recs, to adapting our trip to our budget. The process was quick and easy, plus the Trip Plan was smartly structured.”






Jeanie 
Sunrise, FL










“This is a great idea. To have someone who knows the city and the things in which you are interested allows one to travel somewhere new and not have to join a group. We had a customized, self-guided tour – what a way to go! Thank you.”






Lynne 
Portland, OR










“We found the Trip Plan outstanding and used it before, during, and after the trip. It was so helpful that it was available offline. I have been telling everyone I can about the business travel service model of ViaHero...it is brilliant.”






Featured On



















































ViaHero | About Us
















































How it Works








About Us
We are a team of passionate trailblazers who love to travel and explore. Since memorable travel experiences come from local experts and immersive activities, we uniquely offer you access to local experts who are passionate, knowledgeable and unbiased. Our Heroes are the best at building complete custom trip plans personalized to your needs. They simply make it effortless. No kickbacks for us mean doing what's right for you, not our commissions. Only with ViaHero can you achieve authenticity in travel planning with the detail and insights for the best itinerary.






Greg Buzulencia
Co-founder, CEO
An avid traveler, his travel highlights are ski mountaineering in Iran, Mongolia and Greenland, plus exploring other hidden corners of the world. In addition to being a travel addict, he has managed to quickly scale several companies including Shoefitr (Amazon acquisition) and YellowJacket Racing. He is dedicated to ensuring every customer of ViaHero benefits from a more meaningful and memorable travel experience.







Ben Preston
Co-founder, Head of Growth
Ben loves travel and food. Two of his life goals are to visit each of the 7 (Modern) Wonders of the World and to spend as much time as possible binging on Sushi in Japan. Ben studied at Cornell and Oxford. He has experience working as a manager for American Express and as the co-founder of the Y Combinator backed startup Opzi.







Lisa Storey
Software Engineer
Lisa loves to travel for outdoor adventures like skiing and mountain biking, and enjoys meeting new people and exploring new places along the way!
















































  ViaHero | Travel Tips

















































How it Works








ViaHero Travel Blog




 
Our blog provides local insights and trip planning tips. It's a great resource to help you get familiar and excited about your next trip.








Driving in Cuba: Tips and Experiences from a Recent Traveler

    Planning to rent a car in Cuba? Here are the things you need to know first about driving in Cuba.
  
Read More





Travel Japan Like a Rockstar (Ultra-Luxury Japan Travel)

    Are you looking to have an over-the-top trip to Japan, and explore the country like a rockstar? Then add these activities to your list for an ultra-luxury trip to Japan!
  
Read More





What Reddit Taught Me About Japan

    Everyone has heard stories about crazy things in Japan, but as it turns out, that is only the tip of the iceberg! Reddit has the scoop on the most bizarre things happening in Japan.
  
Read More







7 Japanese Travel Blogs You Need to Read

    Planning a trip to Japan? The adventure has only just begun! The following blogs will help you make the most of your trip to Japan.
  
Read More





8 Reasons You Should Visit Chile Right Now

    From the Andes Mountains to the Atacama Desert and from the Casablanca Valley to Patagonia, Chile truly has a lot to offer. But, even with Chile as one of South America's most stable and prosperous nations, it is easy to add it to your travel bucket list and resume your ...
  
Read More





Iceland Honeymoon: How much does it cost?

    At first thought, the Land of Fire and Ice may not seem like a dream honeymoon destination. Most of the year you won’t be sunning yourself on the beach and the tropical rum-based cocktails are not free flowing. But that’s actually part of the appeal of Iceland. Instead of soaking ...
  
Read More







6 Airbnbs in Japan You NEED to See

    Check out these luxury Airbnbs that you can stay in in Japan. From sea side mansions to ski villas, they will make any trip special!
  
Read More





8 Matcha Treats You Must Try in Japan

    Visiting Japan? You can't miss these tasty matcha treats! From Oreos to lattes, you must try them all!
  
Read More





24 Snacks To Bring Home From Japan

    No trip to Japan would be complete without trying some of the bizarre snacks in Japanese markets.
  
Read More




          Next >
 







































ViaHero | Explore Cuba through the Eyes of a Local















































How it Works








Privacy Policy
VIAHERO, LLC.

Last Updated: March 16, 2016

This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by ViaHero, LLC. (“ViaHero,” “we,” “us” or “our”) when you access or use our website, mobile application and other online products and services (collectively, our “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will revise the “Last Updated” date above and attempt to provide additional notice by providing information through our Services. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. The types of information we may collect include:

Account Information, such as your name, email address, password, profile photo, postal address, phone number, bio and any other information you choose to provide;
Travel Information, such as your travel history (including countries you have visited and the frequency of your visits), travel preferences, and areas you can plan travel to;
Transaction Information, such as the products or services you purchase or offer for sale through our Services. We may also collect and store limited payment information from you, such as payment card type and expiration date and the last four digits of your payment card number; however, we do not collect or store full payment card numbers and all transactions are processed by our third party payment processor. If you offer products or services for sale through our Services, we will also collect your bank account information;
Information About Others, such as the names, email addresses and other information and preference of your travel companions or individuals you invite to use our Services; and
Other Information You Choose to Provide, such as when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, quiz or interactive area of the Services, request technical or customer support, communicate with us via third-party social media services or otherwise communicate with us.

Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:

Log Information: We collect log information about your access to and use of our Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Location Information: With your consent (e.g. if you permit your mobile device to send us your latitude and longitude), we will collect location information when you access or use our Service and, if permitted by your device settings, in the “background” (i.e. at times when you are not directly using the Services). For more details, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, including cookies, web beacons, web storage and device identifiers. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.

Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including identity verification services, credit bureaus and publicly available sources. If you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and email address, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
USE OF INFORMATION
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:

Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by ViaHero and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of ViaHero and others;
Personalize and improve our Services and provide advertisements, content and features that match user profiles or interests;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with a better experience; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.

ViaHero is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using our Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:

With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work or perform services on our behalf;
When you create a profile, participate in the interactive areas of our Services or interact with us on third-party social media sites, certain information that you provide may be displayed publicly, such as your name, profile photo, travel history and other information you choose to provide;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, rule, regulation or legal process;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property or safety of ViaHero or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among ViaHero and any current or future parent, subsidiary and/or affiliated company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.

Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf and provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other applications and websites, including your IP address, web browser, device type, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other applications and websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
We may also work with third-party social media sites, such as Facebook, to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign, unless you notify us that you prefer not to have information about you used in this way. For more information about how you can opt out of customized campaigns, please see “Your Choices” below.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging in to your account and editing your information. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email support@viahero.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies and Web Storage
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies and web storage by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject cookies and web storage. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies or web storage, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails or SMS messages from ViaHero by following the instructions in those emails or messages. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device or within our mobile applications.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: support@viahero.com
































Pittsburgh startup ViaHero personalizes travel | TribLIVE 


























































































Subscribe
Place Ad
Buy Trib Photos
Sportstalk
Contests


Jobs
Homes
Autos
Classifieds


Trib Total Media
Contact Us







ShareThis Page




















   











   
   


Allegheny







Pittsburgh startup ViaHero personalizes travel

Kim Lyons
| Saturday, 
 April 29, 2017, 2:36 p.m.









Courtesy of Sara Eklund
Traveler Sara Eklund took this photo of Havana on a trip planned by ViaHero.





 





Email Newsletters 


Sign up for one of our email newsletters.




 Lynne Bangsund and her daughter Krista wanted to go to Cuba, but they didn't want to go with the standard guided tour.  
 “We both speak a little Spanish, and we didn't really want to go with 30 other people,” Bangsund said.  
 So when they found travel site ViaHero during an online search, they decided to give it a try. They got a personalized itinerary prepared by a bona fide Cuban guide for a fraction of the cost of a travel agent, Lynne said. 
 “It was amazing; we had the entire trip planned,” she said.  
 Not only did they get to see sights they wouldn't otherwise have known about, Bangsund said the pair felt like they had an edge over other travelers.  
 As they made their way around Havana, they encountered other tourists at restaurants. “They would be waiting, but we had all our reservations planned ahead of time.”  
 When it launches in Japan in May, East Liberty-based travel startup ViaHero will add a third island country to its small but growing portfolio.  
 An AlphaLab alumni company, ViaHero creates customized travel guides that allow travelers to experience their destination like a local. Rather than compensating the hotel or airline trying to sell the most expensive trip, ViaHero relies on the person providing the expert advice (the “heroes,” if you will) to create the best possible travel experience.  
 “People really value the local insight they wouldn't have access to otherwise,” said ViaHero CEO Greg Buzulencia. “You'd have to go through thousands of reviews on a site like TripAdvisor to get this depth of information.”  
 ViaHero has started small, launching in Cuba and Iceland as its first markets. 
 The company uses a blend of Airbnb hosts, freelance tour guides and local travel writers, many of whom come with their own audiences, to help plan the trips for customers.  
 With Cuba a relatively new destination for American travelers and Iceland becoming a more popular destination because of low-cost airfares, ViaHero has found a niche within the very crowded online travel space.  
 Buzulencia says the typical customer for ViaHero is an experienced international traveler who might have visited a place with a tour guide in the past but wants a more authentic and independent experience. 
  How it works  
   On the ViaHero website, travelers choose what aspects of a trip are most important to them in a few categories: food (bakeries, street food, markets, etc.), culture (history, museums, art) and activities (outdoors, beaches, nightlife). 
 Enter the number of days you'll be visiting and choose a “hero,” and you'll get an estimate for how much your trip will cost.  
 An itinerary for a visit to Cuba focused on bakeries, beaches and history, as planned by a local would be roughly $15 per day.  
 Travelers pay separately for their airfare and lodging, but the ViaHero itinerary offers flight times and recommendations for where to stay. It also has details such as whether you'll need reservations at recommended restaurants, how much a taxi will cost and where to catch one, and details that only a local or frequent visitor would know.  
 Buzulencia says the company didn't plan to target islands but have found it easier, as a startup, to be able to focus on areas that are somewhat isolated geographically.  
 “For most people traveling to Japan or to Cuba, that's usually their sole destination,” he noted. “It's not like going to Europe, where people will want to plan visits to four different countries in one trip.”  
 But as the company grows, Buzulencia says he has his eye on future destinations, Chile, Colombia, New Zealand, Croatia and South Korea among them.  
 “Now that we have a process down, we definitely want to try to diversify a little and be able to give our customers more variety.”  
 Lynne Bangsund never got to meet Lianet, the Havana resident who planned her trip to Cuba, in person, but says every night during their trip, she and her daughter would toast to their “hero.” And she says there's always the next trip.  
 “Because now, it's like we have a friend in Cuba to show us around.”  
  Kim Lyons is a Tribune-Review contributing writer. 



More Allegheny



Traffic stoppages on I-279 on Sunday




Steelers lineman Marcus Gilbert accused of breaking Highland Park man's leg




Plum schools reach tentative settlement in sex-abuse lawsuit




Dakota James impersonator pleads guilty in federal court




Low-priced Pittsburgh Marathon entries to go on sale
















 TribLIVE commenting policy

You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our
	Terms of Service.
We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information.
While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers.
We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers
We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites.
We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation.
We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly.
We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent
	via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article.







 
 
 




   
 

Trending







Steelers notebook: Alejandro Villanueva happy with 'fair' deal 








Inside the Ropes: Justin Hunter surprises in Steelers receiver corps








Pitt football coach Pat Narduzzi suspends 3 players, dismisses another



 






 











Featured Photography









Steelers Training Camp: Through the Years
			  



A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world.


 
 
 

   
   

   




















How to Travel to Cuba Like a Local
















































How it Works

















































Experience

cuba

 Differently


Have a local plan your next trip.


Learn More












Americans:
You can go to Cuba
without a people-to-people tour. Let ViaHero help!




For $25/day, you get:




TripConsulting



BookingRecommendations



PersonalizedItinerary



OfflineNavigation



PhoneSupport








HERO (n.) -
A local expert who uses on-the-ground knowledge to create your personalized Trip Plan




How It Works




1



Match


Share preferences and choose your Hero




2



Consult


Iron out trip details + your needs via email




3



Travel


Go confidently with a Trip Plan, maps + support







Want to learn more? Check out How It Works and FAQs for more details, or view our Example Trip Plan.




Travel to Cuba is still legal.

ViaHero can connect you with locals to plan your trip legally.


Plan My Trip


New Cuba Policies





 See what travelers are saying 






Raphael 
New York City, NY










“Everything was amazing. We came to ViaHero for a local's perspective on what to do. What we got completely blew me away. Our Hero consulted us with everything from finding perfect Airbnbs, to building an itinerary full of recs, to adapting our trip to our budget. The process was quick and easy, plus the Trip Plan was smartly structured.”






Jeanie 
Sunrise, FL










“This is a great idea. To have someone who knows the city and the things in which you are interested allows one to travel somewhere new and not have to join a group. We had a customized, self-guided tour – what a way to go! Thank you.”






Lynne 
Portland, OR










“We found the Trip Plan outstanding and used it before, during, and after the trip. It was so helpful that it was available offline. I have been telling everyone I can about the business travel service model of ViaHero...it is brilliant.”






Featured On














Cuba Travel Info





You Can Still Travel to Cuba: 2017 Update
It's a common question: "As an American, can I travel to Cuba?" And the answer is YES! Here's the latest information on travel to Cuba.







New Cuba Travel Policy Updates
Find out what you need to know when planning a trip to Cuba. The latest Cuba travel policy updates can all be found here.







Cuba Info for Americans
How to travel to Cuba as an American. The latest updates on everything you need to know about travel to Cuba.







Flights to Cuba
How to fly to Cuba. The latest updates on everything you need to know about flights to Cuba, including flying from the US to Cuba.







Lodging
Where to stay in Cuba. Information about the range of lodging options, plus how to book lodging in Cuba.







Everything About Transportation In Cuba
How to get around in Cuba. Everything to know about transportation in Cuba including public transport, taxis, buses, trains, and car rentals in Cuba.







Cuban Tourist Cards & Visas
Information on how to get a Cuban tourist card and visa in Cuba and what the difference is between the two. How to get a tourist card from the US.







The Definitive Guide to Cuba's Two Currencies
Learn everything about Money in Cuba for travelers.  How to exchange CUC and CUP, including with US Dollars.







Food in Cuba: The Best Things to Eat and Where to Eat Them
Information on the different types of food in Cuba and types of restaurant options. Covering the entire budget spectrum from street food to fine dining.







Phone & Internet in Cuba
How to use the internet in Cuba. Everything you need to know about getting access to the internet or phone calls in Cuba.







Cuba FAQs
Other commonly asked questions about Cuba. When to go to Cuba, what to bring to Cuba, the latest on Zika in Cuba, power outlets in Cuba and more.







Is Cuba Safe?
Cuba is so mysterious to Americans that it seems everyone asks: is Cuba safe? Here is everything you need to know to have a safe and wonderful trip.







Plan A Springtime Trip to Cuba Right Now
Find out the best times to visit Cuba.  Don't miss the best things to do in each season, save money, and pack the right stuff!







How to Travel to Cuba in Six Easy Steps
Americans, traveling to Cuba is easy! Just follow these six easy steps to prepare for your trip to Cuba.







How to Travel to Cuba without a Tour
You can still travel to Cuba without a tour. Here are three ways to travel to Cuba without a tour and the pros and cons of each one.




Show More








































ViaHero | Our Trip Planners are Local Heroes
















































How it Works














































ViaHero | Explore Cuba through the Eyes of a Local















































How it Works










 How It Works 



1
Match with a local(we call them Heroes!)

Share your travel preferences and we’ll suggest your best match. Then choose a Hero to plan your trip!











































2
Consult with your Hero


Work with your Hero via email. Once you agree on a basic itinerary, your Hero will begin building your Trip Plan in the Trip Plans app.

























3
Travel confidently


Travel independently with access to your personalized guidebook and custom map on mobile - no wifi or data necessary.







Here's an example.



































































For $25/day, you get:




TripConsulting



BookingRecommendations



PersonalizedItinerary



OfflineNavigation



PhoneSupport



Example Trip Plan







FAQs


About ViaHero





Heroes











Trip Plan











Costs













Not finding what you're looking for?
Contact Us



How It Works
Step 1: Match with a local
Step 2: Consult with your Hero
Step 3: Receive your trip plan
What You Get
FAQs

































