










 




Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:33 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of December 16, 2016, Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund has gone out of business. Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund is an open ended equity indexed mutual fund launched and managed by Victory Capital Management Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying volatile stocks of large-cap companies. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the CEMP US Large Cap High Dividend 100 Long/Cash Vol. Wtd Index. Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP U...
As of December 16, 2016, Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund has gone out of business. Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund is an open ended equity indexed mutual fund launched and managed by Victory Capital Management Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying volatile stocks of large-cap companies. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the CEMP US Large Cap High Dividend 100 Long/Cash Vol. Wtd Index. Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund was formed in January, 4 2016 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


4900 Tiedeman Road4th FloorBrooklyn, OH 44144-1226United StatesFounded in 2016



Phone: 877-660-4400

Fax: 216-898-2577








Key Executives for Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund


Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

























































            
    VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II - CSA - Stock Price & News | The Motley Fool

        


























Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login




























Search

	    Search:
	


















































VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II
CSA




More CSA pages... 
Overview

Interactive Chart
Options
Historical Prices
Dividends


News & Headlines



Profile
Company Events
SEC Filings
Earnings/Growth
Financial Ratios
Wall St. Opinion


Major Holders
Insider Trades
Insider Roster


Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow











CSA stock quote

        $42.49
    




        -$0.22
    
 
        (-0.5%)
    

        BATS BZX Real Time Price as of July 28, 2017, 3:24 p.m.







None








Updates from The Motley Fool

                                    Latest updates on VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II from Fool.com.
                                    
                                
There is no available coverage of VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II at this time.







CSA stock quote

        $42.49
    




        -$0.22
    
 
        (-0.5%)
    

        BATS BZX Real Time Price as of July 28, 2017, 3:24 p.m.















Stock Performance

 


View Interactive CSA Charts



      Sponsored by
    








Key Data Points
Primary metrics and data points about VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II.




Current Price:
$42.49


Prev Close:
$42.71


Open:
$42.65


Bid:
$0.00


Ask:
$0.00


Day's Range:
$42.45 - $42.65


52wk Range:
$35.07 - $43.32


Volume:
2,189


Avg Vol
4,642


Market Cap:
$25M


P/E (ttm):
0.00


EPS (ttm):
$0.00


Div & Yield:
$0.60 (1.2%)












CEO Rating
The single most important factor in a company's success is the team that's leading the company.







James Barker, CEO
41% Approve
Based on 2 Ratings

Powered by  






Business Summary
Industry, sector and description for VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II.

None







            Exchange:
        
NASDAQ




 



 

Current









































Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF (Nasdaq:CFA) - Fundamentals Analysis


































































Loading...


 
















User Profile
Paid plan pricing

  Nothing to display.





Profile
Support
Learning
About
Logout



Dashboard



Sign up


Login



 









 





















Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF
Nasdaq:CFA












Snowflake Description
No noteworthy features. 
The Snowflake is generated from 30 checks in 5 different areas, read more below.









CFA
Nasdaq
$0M
Market Cap





 Add to portfolio

Asset Management and Custody Banks
Company description
Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF is an exchange traded fund launched by Compass Efficient Model Portfolios, LLC. More info.

 Add to Portfolio
 Compare
 Print
 Invest
WARNING: This is a fund or ETF! Currently our data availability for these is poor, we only recommend using them as part of a portfolio.
WARNING!Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF is covered by less than 3 analysts.


Hi, it looks like you haven't created a portfolio yet!You can import an existing one from Google Finance or your Broker.

Create Portfolio
×










SHARE PRICE


3 Month History
















Industry





5yr Volatility vs Market





Competitors

Sorry, no analysis for Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's competitors could be found in our database.

















Value
 Is Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF undervalued based on future cash flows and its price relative to the stock market?

Value is all about what a company is worth versus what price it is available for. If you went into a grocery store and all the bananas were on sale at half price, they could be considered undervalued.



INTRINSIC VALUE BASED ON FUTURE CASH FLOWS 

 It is not possible to calculate the future cash flow value for Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF. This is due to cash flow or dividend data being unavailable. The share price is $44.64.



PRICE RELATIVE TO MARKET 


We can also value a company based on what the stock market is willing to pay for it. This is similar to the price of fruit (e.g. Mangoes or Avacados) increasing when they are out of season, or how much your home is worth.
The amount the stock market is willing to pay for Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's earnings, growth and assets is considered below, and whether this is a fair price.




Price based on past earnings

Are Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's earnings available for a low price, and how does this compare to other companies in the same industry?


Information is not available.

Information is not available.




Price based on expected Growth
Does Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's expected growth come at a high price?


No earnings or negative earnings.




Price based on value of assets
What value do investors place on Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's assets?


Information is not available.







X
Value checks
We assess Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's value by looking at:

Is the discounted cash flow value less than 20%, or 40% of the share price? (2 checks) (Click here or on bar chart for details of DCF calculation.)
Is the PE ratio less than the market average, and/ or less than the Financial Institutions industry average (and greater than 0)? (2 checks)
Is the PEG ratio within a reasonable range (0 to 1)? (1 check)
Is the PB ratio less than the Financial Institutions industry average (and greater than 0)? (1 check)
Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations including PE and PEG Ratio.
Note 2: PEG ratio is based on analysts EPS growth expectations in 1 year (0%).
Full details on the Value part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.





X

Discounted cash flow (Dividend Discount Model)
The calculations below outline how an intrinsic value for Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF is arrived at by discounting future dividends to their present value. This approach is used for finance firms where free cash flow is difficult to estimate (e.g. Banks/ Insurance firms).
If the firm does not pay the majority of its earnings out as a dividend this method will often arrive at a value significantly lower than the share price.
See our documentation to learn about this calculation.

Value of the stock
Value = Expected dividends per share / (Discount Rate - Perpetual growth rate)
$0 = ($0 / (10.55% - 2.33%)
Value per share: $0
Current discount (share price of $44.64): %

Estimate of Discount Rate
The discount rate, or required rate of return, is estimated by calculating the Cost of Equity.
Discount rate = Cost of Equity = Risk Free Rate + (Levered Beta * Equity Risk Premium)
Discount rate = 10.55% = 2.33% + (1.072 * 7.67%)

Estimate of Bottom Up Beta
The Levered is used in the case of financial firms, but it is not adjusted for financial leverage like with non-finance firms. Therefore the average levered beta from comparable firms is used as the bottom-up beta. It is limited to 0.8 to 2.0 (practical range for a stable firm).
Average Levered Beta from peers = 1.072
Levered Beta used in calculation = 1.072

Assumptions

The risk free rate of 2.33% is from the 10 year government bond rate in US.
The bottom-up beta is estimated by analysing other companies in the same industry.
The Equity Risk Premium is calculated by subtracting the risk free rate from the market return premium (10%) (source: Buffet).
The dividend discount model is automatically used for companies in the following industries: Banks, Insurance, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Diversified Financial Services and Capital Markets.














Future Performance
 How is Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF expected to perform in the next 1 to 3 years based on estimates from 0 analysts?
Future performance analysis is based on estimates from less than 3 analysts.


The future performance of a company is measured in the same way as past performance, by looking at estimated growth and how much profit it is expected to make.Future estimates come from professional analysts. Just like forecasting the weather, they don’t always get it right!

 Insufficient estimate data, unable to calculate 1 year growth expectation.





Past and Future Earnings per Share
The accuracy of the analysts who estimate the future performance data can be gauged below. We look back 3 years and see if they were any good at predicting what actually occured. We also show the highest and lowest estimates looking forward to see if there is a wide range.






Analysts growth expectations



2 year growth check 

x1.5?


Which of the these is expected to increase by over 50% in 2 year's time?

Revenue data unavailable.
Cash flow data unavailable.
Profit data unavailable.






Performance in 3 years 

In the same way as past performance we look at the future estimated return (profit) compared to the available funds. We do this looking forward 3 years.




No 3 year Return on Equity data available.


Improvement & Relative to industry

No 3 year Return on Equity data available.
No 3 year Return on Equity data available.






X
Future performance checks
We assess Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's future performance by looking at:

Is the growth in earnings expected to beat the low risk savings rate, plus a premium to keep pace with inflation, in 1 year and 3 years? (2 checks)
Does the average analyst expect Revenue to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Operating Cash Flow to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Net Income (Profit) to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity in 3 years expected to be over 20%? (1 check)

Some of the above checks will fail if the company is expected to be loss making in the relevant year.
Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: If no +3 year data is available, +2.5 year data may be used.
Note 2: We use GAAP per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Future part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Past Performance
 How has Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF performed over the past 5 years?

The past performance of a company can be measured by how much growth it has experienced and how much profit it makes relative to the funds and assets it has available.


Past earnings growth
Below we compare Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's growth in the last year to its industry (Financial Institutions).



Past Earnings growth analysis 
We also check if the company has grown in the past 5 years, and whether it has maintained that growth in the year.
Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has been loss making too recently or no data is available.

Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has been trading publicly for less than 3 years.

Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has been trading publicly for less than 3 years.




Profit History
Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's revenue and profit over the past 5 years is shown below, any years where they have experienced a loss will show up in red.





Performance last year 

We want to ensure a company is making the most of what it has available. This is done by comparing the return (profit) to a company's available funds, assets and capital.







Negative return on shareholders funds (ROE) last year.
Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF had negative or no return on assets (ROA) last year.
Return based on revenue producing assets (ROCE) is negative or zero.





X
Past performance checks
We assess Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's performance over the past 5 years by checking for:

Has earnings per share (EPS) increased in past 5 years? (1 check)
Has the EPS growth in the last year exceeded that of the Financial Institutions industry? (1 check)
Is the current EPS growth higher than the average annual growth over the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity (ROE) higher than 20%? (1 check)
Is the Return on Assets (ROA) above industry average? (1 check)
Has the Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) increased from 3 years ago? (1 check)

The above checks will fail if the company has reported a loss in the most recent earnings report. Some checks require at least 3 or 5 years worth of data.
Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Past part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Health
 How is Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's financial position? (This company is analysed differently as a bank or financial institution)

This company is a bank or financial institution.
Fundamentally a bank's business is based upon borrowing and lending money, for this reason they typically have high levels of debt and we analyse them differently.




Net Worth 








Balance sheet

This treemap shows a more detailed breakdown of Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's finances.
If any of them are yellow this indicates they may be out of proportion and red means they relate to one of the checks below.

Assets



Liabilities and shares


The 'shares' portion represents any funds contributed by the owners (shareholders) and any profits.








Historical Debt 

Nearly all companies have debt. Debt in itself isn’t bad, however if the debt is too high, or the company can’t afford to pay the interest on its debts this may have impacts in the future.
The graphic below shows equity (available funds) and debt, we ideally want to see the red area (debt) decreasing.
If there is any debt we look at the companies capability to repay it, and whether the level has increased over the past 5 years.


 Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has no debt.
BANK ANALYSIS 
This company is a bank or financial institution, which is analysed accordingly below.
Below we check the amount of loans the bank has, how many of those are bad, and its ability to cover any bad loans.

Information is not available.
Information is not available.
Holds no customer deposits, loans are made up entirely of borrowed funds.

High level of bad loan coverage.
Acceptable level of bad loan write offs (less than 2%).





X
Financial health checks (Bank)
We assess Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's financial health as a bank by checking for:

Leverage (Assets to Equity > 20x)? (1 check)
Coverage of bad loans (Bad Loan Coverage > 100%)? (1 check)
Proportion of lower risk deposits compared to total funding (Deposits to Liabilities < 50%)? (1 check)
Proportion of higher risk assets compared to total assets (Loans to Assets > 110%)? (1 check)
Total loans compared to deposit funding (Loans to Deposits > 125%)? (1 check)
Level of bad loans (Net Charge Off Ratio > 3%)? (1 check)
	Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has a total score of 2/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Health part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Dividends
 What is Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's current dividend yield, its reliability and sustainability?

Dividends are regular cash payments to you from the company, similar to a bank paying you interest on a savings account.

	

Annual Dividend Income


0%
Current annual income from Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF dividends. 


If you bought $2,000 of Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF shares you are expected to receive $0 in your first year as a dividend. 


Dividend Amount 

Here we look how much dividend is being paid, if any. Is it above what you can get in a savings account?
 It is up there with the best dividend paying companies?


Paying below low risk savings rate. (2.25%)
Paying below the markets top dividend payers. (3.18%)




Historical dividend yield

It is important to see if the dividend for a company is stable, and not wildly increasing/decreasing each year. This graph shows you the historical rate to count toward your assessment of the stock.We also check to see if the dividend has increased in the past 10 years.



Not paying a notable dividend.
Not paying a notable dividend.




Current Payout to shareholders 

What portion of Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's earnings are paid to the shareholders as a dividend.


Not paying a notable dividend.





Future Payout to shareholders 


Insufficient estimate data to determine if a dividend will be paid in 3 years.





X
Income/ dividend checks
     We assess Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's dividend by checking for:
    
Firstly is the company paying a notable dividend (greater than 0.5%) - if not then the rest of the checks are ignored.
Current dividend yield, is there one at all, is it higher than the low risk savings rate, and is it above the top 25% of dividend payers? (2 checks)
Have they paid a dividend for 10 years, and during this period has the dividend been volatile (drop of more than 25%)? (1 check)
If they have paid a dividend for 10 years has it increased in this time? (1 check)
How sustainable is the dividend, can Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF afford to pay it from its earnings today and in 3 years (Payout ratio less than 90%)? (2 checks)
	Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Dividends part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Management
 What is the CEO of Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's salary, the management and board of directors tenure and is there insider trading?

Management is one of the most important areas of a company. We look at unreasonable CEO compensation, how long the team and board of directors have been around for and insider trading.



CEO








Dan Banaszak 





CEO Bio

Mr. Daniel S. Banaszak, also known as Dan, CFA is a Portfolio Manager of Compass Efficient Model Portfolios, LLC. Mr. Banaszak joined Compass Efficient in 2011. He is a Portfolio Manager at Victory Capital Management Inc., where he is a part of the investment team in charge of managing all CEMP products. In addition to portfolio management responsibilities, Mr. Banaszak is actively involved in research and strategy development for CEMP’s alternatives-based solutions and performs ongoing maintenance and due diligence for the CEMP index line of products. He served as a Portfolio Manager at Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP REC Enhanced Volatility Wtd Index Fund. He began his career as a Trader and Market Maker in S&P 500 Index options on the floor of the Chicago Board of Trade for Lerner Trading Group in 2007. Mr. Banaszak is a C.F.A. charter holder. He has earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Magna Cum Laude, in Finance from Xavier University in 2006.


CEO Compensation 
Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has a new CEO, we can't show their compensation history.
CEO's compensation information is not available.



Management Team


Dan Banaszak 
TITLEPortfolio Manager


David Hallum
TITLEPortfolio Manager


Rob Bateman 
TITLEPortfolio Manager




Board of Directors





Recent Insider Trading 



Who owns this company?





X
Management checks
     We assess Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF's management by checking for:
    
Is the CEO's compensation unreasonable compared to market cap and profit (greater than  0.5% of the company's profit + 0.03% of market cap)? (1 check)
Has the CEO's compensation increased more than 20% whilst the EPS is down more then 20%? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the management team less than 2 years? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the board of directors team less than 3 years? (1 check)
	Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF has a total score of 6/6, this is not included on the snowflake, see the detailed checks below.
	
Note: We use the top 6 management executives and board members in our calculations.
	Note 2: Insider trading include any internal stakeholders and  these transactions.
	 Full details on the Management part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Company News







Company Info
Description








		Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF is an exchange traded fund launched by Compass Efficient Model Portfolios, LLC. It is managed by Victory Capital Management Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in volatile stocks of large-cap companies. It seeks to replicate the performance of the CEMP US Large Cap 500 Volatility Weighted Index, by investing in the stocks of companies as per their weightings in the index. The fund was formerly known as Victory Portfolios II - Victory CEMP US 500 Volatility Wtd Index ETF. Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF was formed on July 1, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.
		

Details

Name:Victory Portfolios II - VictoryShares US 500 Volatility Wtd ETF
Ticker:CFA
Exchange:NasdaqGM
Founded:2014
Market Cap:$0 million
Website:http://

Listings




Map




		4900 Tiedeman Road, Brooklyn, 44144-1226, United States

		





Street





Industry



Industry:Asset Management and Custody Banks
Sector:Diversified Financials










About
Company
Plans
 
Simply Wall St News
 
Learning Center
Help Center
 
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy







Related Industries


Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)


Diversified Financial Services


Consumer Finance


Capital Markets







© 2017 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, Community Design 2845206, US Design Patent #29/544/281, European Design Registration #2845206, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved.
This website contains factual information only (RG244B) and not general or personal advice. It does not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or needs. You should seek independent financial and legal advice to consider if an investment is appropriate for your personal circumstances.
Copyright © 2017, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC.  Reproduction of S&P Capital IQ in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P.  S&P does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause or for the results obtained from the use of such information.  S&P DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.  In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with subscriber’s or others’ use of S&P Capital IQ. (2017)




 




VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II
                    

•   BROOKLYN, OH
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Victory Portfolios II is based out of Brooklyn. Victoryshares US EQ Income Enhanced Volatility Wtd ETF is an exchange traded fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks to provide investment results that match the performance of the CEMP US Large CAP High Dividend 100 Long/Cash Volatility Weighted Index before fees and expenses.  
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from VICTORY PORTFOLIOS II, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




victory portfolios ii


4900 TIEDEMAN ROAD, 4TH FLOOR

BROOKLYN
OH
                                                        
                                                    44144


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      216-898-2411







Recent SEC Filings




497 filed on 07/20/2017
497K filed on 07/14/2017
497 filed on 07/14/2017
497 filed on 07/14/2017
497 filed on 06/22/2017
497K filed on 06/21/2017
8-A12B filed on 06/16/2017
N-Q filed on 05/26/2017
CORRESP filed on 04/06/2017
SC 13G filed on 05/15/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















