



DISNEY ENTERPRISES, INC.  | Case No. 2:16... | Leagle.com












































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
DISNEY ENTERPRISES, INC. v. VidANGEL, INC.



					 
				




								DISNEY ENTERPRISES, INC. v. VidANGEL, INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Case No. 2:16-cv-04109-AB-PLA.
								




View Case






DISNEY ENTERPRISES, INC.; LUCASFILM LTD, LLC; TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX FILM CORPORATION; and WARNER BROS. ENTERTAINMENT INC., Plaintiffs,
v.
VIDANGEL, INC., Defendant.
VIDANGEL, INC. Counterclaimant,
v.
DISNEY ENTERPRISES, INC.; LUCASFILM LTD, LLC; TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX FILM CORPORATION; and WARNER BROS. ENTERTAINMENT INC.., Counterclaim Defendants.


United States District Court, C.D. California, Western Division.
August 19, 2016.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
Disney Enterprises, Inc., Plaintiff, represented by  Allyson Bennett , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Glenn D. Pomerantz , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Rose Leda Ehler , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP &  Kelly M. Klaus , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP.
Lucasfilm Ltd LLC, Plaintiff, represented by  Allyson Bennett , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Glenn D. Pomerantz , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Rose Leda Ehler , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP &  Kelly M. Klaus , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP.
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, Plaintiff, represented by  Allyson Bennett , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Glenn D. Pomerantz , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Rose Leda Ehler , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP &  Kelly M. Klaus , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP.
Warner Bros Entertainment Inc, Plaintiff, represented by  Allyson Bennett , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Glenn D. Pomerantz , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Rose Leda Ehler , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP &  Kelly M. Klaus , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP.
VidAngel Inc., Defendant, represented by  Brian T. Grace , Baker Marquart LLP,  David W. Quinto , VidAngel Inc,  Ryan G. Baker , Baker Marquart LLP,  Scott Matthew Malzahn , Baker Marquart LLP &  Jaime W. Marquart , Baker Marquart LLP.
VidAngel Inc., Counter Claimant, represented by  Brian T. Grace , Baker Marquart LLP,  David W. Quinto , VidAngel Inc,  Ryan G. Baker , Baker Marquart LLP,  Scott Matthew Malzahn , Baker Marquart LLP &  Jaime W. Marquart , Baker Marquart LLP.
Disney Enterprises, Inc., Counter Defendant, represented by  Allyson Bennett , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Glenn D. Pomerantz , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Rose Leda Ehler , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP &  Kelly M. Klaus , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP.
Lucasfilm Ltd LLC, Counter Defendant, represented by  Allyson Bennett , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Glenn D. Pomerantz , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Rose Leda Ehler , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP &  Kelly M. Klaus , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP.
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, Counter Defendant, represented by  Allyson Bennett , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Glenn D. Pomerantz , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Rose Leda Ehler , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP &  Kelly M. Klaus , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP.
Warner Bros Entertainment Inc, Counter Defendant, represented by  Allyson Bennett , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Glenn D. Pomerantz , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP,  Rose Leda Ehler , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP &  Kelly M. Klaus , Munger Tolles and Olson LLP.





STIPULATED PROTECTIVE ORDER
PAUL L. ABRAMS, Magistate Judge.
WHEREAS, information and documents provided in discovery in the above-captioned litigation, whether by a party or non-party, may be of a trade secret or confidential nature within the meaning of Rule 26(c)(1)(G) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure; and
WHEREAS, one of the purposes of this Stipulated Protective Order (the "Order") is to protect the confidentiality of information the designating party reasonably believes is entitled to confidential treatment under applicable law;
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT:
1. As used in this Order, "Litigation Material(s)" includes: (a) documents, exhibits, answers to interrogatories, responses to requests for admissions, deposition testimony and transcriptions (including exhibits), and all written, recorded, graphic or electronically-stored matters (and all identical and non-identical copies thereof); (b) any copies, notes, abstracts or summaries of such information, and the information itself; and (c) any pleading, affidavit, declaration, brief, motion, transcript, including exhibits to any of these, or other writing containing such information.
2. Litigation Materials containing confidential or proprietary information, including pricing, rates, customers/subscribers, company security matters, customer lists, financial data and other non-public commercial, financial, research or technical information, may be designated "Confidential" by any producing party (for purposes of this Order, a "producing party" includes any non-party that produces information in connection with the above-captioned litigation ("this litigation")). Litigation Materials containing trade secret or other highly valuable proprietary or confidential research, development or commercial information, including, but not limited to, special formulas, proprietary software and/or computer programs, current or future marketing plans, current or future business plans or strategies, current or future plans for products or services, customer and subscriber data and information, vendor and/or supplier information, agreements with third parties, information regarding current or future business or financial transactions, internal financial reports or plans, current or future pricing, rates or planning information, financial data, production data, internal notes, memoranda, logs or other data, and other highly sensitive non-public commercial, financial, research or technical information that the producing party believes, in good faith, should be afforded the highest level of confidentiality hereunder (and subject to Paragraph 23), may be designated "Highly Confidential" by any producing party.
3. All Litigation Materials provided (before or after entry of this Order) in discovery in connection with this litigation, and the contents thereof: (a) shall be used or disclosed by the parties, their counsel, or anyone else provided with Litigation Materials pursuant to the terms of this order, solely for the purpose of the prosecution or defense of this litigation, including preparing for and conducting pre-trial, trial and post-trial proceedings in this litigation, and for no other purpose; (b) shall not be used or disclosed for any business, commercial or competitive purpose; and (c) shall not be used or disclosed in connection with any other litigation or proceeding. In addition, Litigation Materials designated "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" and the contents thereof, shall not be disclosed other than as provided by the terms of this Order.
4. Any Litigation Materials that the producing party disclosed to the general public prior to their production in this litigation or disclosed during the course of this litigation shall not be designated or treated as "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential," including without limitation for purposes of the temporary treatment of produced Litigation Materials as "Confidential" as set forth in Paragraph 6.a.i.
5. Nothing in this Order affects the right of any producing party that produced Litigation Materials to use or disclose such Litigation Materials, or the contents thereof, in any way.
6. a.i. Any producing party may designate Litigation Materials, or portions thereof, as confidential or highly confidential by marking them "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential." To provide the parties adequate opportunity to properly designate Litigation Materials hereunder, all Litigation Materials shall be deemed "Confidential," whether or not stamped with that legend, for five (5) calendar days following their production.
ii. The failure to designate Litigation Materials as "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" within that five (5) day period shall not waive a producing party's right to later so designate such Litigation Materials with prospective effect. If Litigation Materials claimed to be "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" were previously produced without such designation but timely redesignated, such Litigation Materials and all copies thereof shall within five (5) days of any written notice requesting their return, be returned to the designating party for such designation, destroyed, or stamped "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential," as requested by the designating party (a "designating party" may include a non-party that is a producing party). The receiving party may challenge the designation of the documents as provided in this Order, but the inadvertent production of Litigation Materials (including, without limitation, testimony) claimed to be "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" without the designation shall not constitute a waiver of confidentiality.
b. Counsel for a deponent may invoke the protections of this Order by stating on the record during the deposition that some or all testimony given at the deposition is designated "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential," or by designating the deposition transcript or portions with such designation(s) within fifteen (15) business days after receipt of the final deposition transcript. All information disclosed during a deposition shall be deemed "Confidential" for fifteen (15) business days, whether or not any portion of the transcript was so designated during the deposition, and thereafter shall be treated as "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential," as applicable, if so designated. No person shall be present during any portion of any deposition designated as provided herein, or any portion of any deposition wherein Litigation Materials designated hereunder are disclosed, unless that person is an authorized recipient of Litigation Materials containing "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" information under the terms of this Order or unless all parties agree to allow the attendance of such person.
c. Written discovery, documents, and tangible things that meet the requirements for the confidentiality designations set forth in this Order may be so designated by placing the appropriate designation on at least the cover page of the written material prior to production, except for documents produced in native format which shall have the appropriate designation affixed on the face of the media containing the native format documentation. To the extent that documents are produced in electronic form, the addition of a confidentiality designation in the file name, or in the name of the folder or database in which the file is produced, shall be sufficient to provide notice of confidentiality and additional written notice will be unnecessary. Tangible things not produced in documentary form may be designated by affixing the appropriate designation on a cover page or label for such material and in a prominent place on the exterior of the container or containers in which the information or things are stored.
7. The producing party designating any Litigation Materials hereunder shall, in the first instance, determine in good faith whether such Litigation Materials contain "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" information covered by this Order. Another party may object in good faith to such designation. The objecting party and the other person(s) involved shall follow the provisions of Local Rule 37-1, et seq., of the Central District of California in (a) their attempt to informally resolve their designation dispute and (b) any motion practice before this Court should such dispute not be resolved informally, provided, however, that counsel, upon request from one side, shall meet-and-confer pursuant to Local Rule 37-1 within two business days of the written communication requesting the meet-and-confer; and counsel shall provide the responsive portion of any joint stipulation pursuant to Local Rule 37-2.2 within two business days of receiving the moving party's material. Any Litigation Materials, the designation of which are subject to such dispute, shall be treated as designated pending further order of the Court. The party asserting the confidentiality of any such Litigation Materials shall bear the burden of establishing that the Litigation Materials are entitled to be classified as designated.
8. If any Litigation Materials designated hereunder are used during the course of a deposition, the portion of the deposition record containing testimony related to such information shall be designated as "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential," as applicable, and access thereto shall be limited pursuant to the terms of this Order.
9. Litigation Materials designated or treated as "Confidential," copies or extracts thereof and information contained therein, may be disclosed, given, shown, made available, or communicated only to the following (and then only for purposes of the prosecution, defense or appeal of this litigation):
a. employees of the parties provided they are deposition or trial witnesses or are otherwise actively involved in the prosecution, defense or appeal of this litigation and have executed the attached Schedule A;
b. outside counsel retained by the parties to assist in the prosecution, defense or appeal of this litigation, including employees of such counsel's firms, and any companies, independent contractors or other litigation support service personnel with whom such counsel works in connection with this litigation, provided that such outside counsel have either executed this Order or the attached Schedule A and that any companies, independent contractors or other litigation support service personnel with whom such counsel works in connection with this litigation have executed the attached Schedule A;
c. in-house counsel for each party (and their paralegal, clerical and/or secretarial assistants), provided that such in-house counsel are actively involved in the prosecution, defense or appeal of this litigation and are not acting in a business capacity;
d. consultants and/or experts retained by counsel or a party in connection with this litigation to whom it is necessary that "Confidential" Litigation Materials be shown for the sole purpose of assisting in, or consulting with respect to, this litigation, and only upon their agreement to be bound by this Protective Order evidenced by execution of the attached Schedule A;
e. any person expressly identified in any "Confidential" Litigation Materials as an author, a recipient, or as to whom it is shown (prior to reviewing the materials) the person has personal knowledge of "Confidential" Litigation Materials;
f. any person employed by the party that produced the "Confidential" Litigation Materials;
g. the Court in this litigation, and any members of its staff to whom it is necessary to disclose "Confidential" Litigation Materials for the purpose of assisting the Court in this litigation.
h. stenographers, videographers and court reporters recording or transcribing testimony relating to this litigation and who have executed the attached Schedule A;
i. personnel employed by anyone providing a receiving party with document litigation support, graphics, translation, design, and/or trial consulting services to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary for this litigation, provided that each such person, including their staff, has executed the attached Schedule A agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Order, and provided that such personnel are not an officer, director, or employee of the receiving party;
j. any mediator assigned to hear this matter and his or her staff, subject to their agreement to maintain confidentiality to the same degree as required by this Protective Order;
k. mock jurors who have executed the attached Schedule A agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Order (said signed acknowledgement for mock jurors need not be provided to counsel for any other party); and
l. other persons only upon written consent of the producing person (which agreement may be recorded in a deposition or other transcript) or upon order of the Court issued after affording the producing person due notice and an opportunity to be heard.
10. Litigation Materials designated or treated as "Highly Confidential," copies or extracts thereof, and information contained therein, shall be treated as "Attorneys' Eyes Only" and may be disclosed, given, shown, made available, or communicated to only the following (and then only for purposes of the prosecution, defense or appeal of this litigation):
a. outside counsel retained by the parties to assist in the prosecution, defense or appeal of this litigation, including employees of such counsel's firms, and any companies, independent contractors or other litigation support service personnel with whom such counsel works in connection with this litigation, provided that such outside counsel have either executed this Order or the attached Schedule A and that any companies, independent contractors or other litigation support service personnel with whom such counsel works in connection with this litigation have executed the attached Schedule A;
b. up to three (except in the case of Warner Bros., as to which the number is four) in-house counsel for each party (i) who are primarily responsible for overseeing the prosecution, defense or appeal of this litigation on behalf of the party he or she represents and he or she is not acting in a business capacity for such party, (ii) who agree not to disclose any "Highly Confidential" Litigation Materials to in-house attorneys not responsible for overseeing the prosecution, defense or appeal of this litigation on behalf of the party he or she represents, and (iii) who have been disclosed to the opposing party without objection within three (3) business days after such disclosure. (The Plaintiffs have disclosed to Defendants the in-house counsel for Plaintiffs Disney Enterprises, Inc. and Lucasfilm Ltd. LLC (three total); Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation (three total); and Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (four total) within the scope of this section.) If the opposing party does object, the parties shall follow the dispute resolution procedures (including applicable timetables for the same) set forth in Paragraph 12 below.
c. outside consultants and/or experts retained by counsel or a party in connection with this litigation to whom it is necessary that "Highly Confidential" Litigation Materials be shown for the sole purpose of assisting in, or consulting with respect to, this litigation, and only upon their agreement to be bound by this Protective Order evidenced by execution of the attached Schedule A;
d. any person expressly identified in any "Highly Confidential" Litigation Materials as an author, a recipient, or as to whom it is shown (prior to reviewing the materials) the person has personal knowledge of "Highly Confidential" Litigation Materials.;
e. any person employed by the party that produced the "Highly Confidential" Litigation Materials;
f. the Court, and any members of its staff to whom it is necessary to disclose "Highly Confidential" Litigation Materials for the purpose of assisting the Court in this litigation;
g. stenographers, videographers and court reporters recording or transcribing testimony relating to this litigation who have executed the attached Schedule A;
h. other persons only upon written consent of the producing person (which agreement may be recorded in a deposition or other transcript) or upon order of the Court after affording the producing person due notice and an opportunity to be heard.
11. a. Before any of the persons described in paragraphs 9d and 10c shall have access to "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" material, he or she must certify that he or she has been made aware of the provisions of this Order and has manifested his or her assent to be bound thereby by signing a copy of the attached Schedule A, and the signed Schedule A must be served upon the opposing parties, along with a current resume or curriculum vitae reasonably identifying the person, each individual or company for which the person has done work in the past five years or with which the person has an agreement to do work in the future, and his or her relationship, if any, to any party, competitor, or other client. The party that produced the designated Litigation Material shall then have five business days to serve a written objection to access by such person. Any written objection shall state with specificity the reason(s) for such objection. If such objection is made, there shall be no disclosure to such person except by agreement of the parties, by order of the Court, or if the time for the objecting party to file a motion as set forth herein has expired. If an objection is made to disclosure, counsel for the parties shall meet and confer within two business days of the objection in an effort to reach an agreement. Failing an agreement, the objecting party, to prevent such disclosure, must provide its portion of a Local Rule 37-2 joint stipulation within two business days of the meet-and-confer, and the responsive portion of the joint stipulation must be provided not later than two business days after the provision of the objecting party's portion of the joint stipulation. On any such motion, the party that designated the material shall bear the burden of showing why disclosure to the person should be precluded.
b. The other persons described in paragraphs 9 and 10 and given access to the "Confidential" and/or "Highly Confidential" material pursuant to the terms of this Order after signing a copy of the attached Schedule A do not need to be disclosed to the opposing party prior to receipt of "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" materials. A list shall be maintained by counsel for the parties hereto of the names of all persons who have signed Schedule A and to whom the content of any "Highly Confidential" material is disclosed, or to whom the information contained therein is disclosed, and such list shall be available for inspection by the Court and opposing counsel upon good cause shown. At the time of the termination of this lawsuit by settlement, judgment or otherwise, the parties hereto shall provide other counsel with a copy of the pertinent aforementioned lists upon request. The persons receiving "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" material are enjoined from disclosing it to any other person, except in conformance with this Order.
12. Each individual who receives any "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" material hereby agrees to subject himself/herself to the jurisdiction of this Court for the purpose of any proceedings relating to the performance under, compliance with or violation of this Order.
13. The recipient of any designated material that is provided under this Order shall maintain such records in a secure and safe area and shall exercise the same standard of due and proper care with respect to the storage, custody, use and/or dissemination of such records as is exercised by the recipient with respect to his or her own proprietary information.
14. Nothing in this Order shall allow non-testifying experts and consultants to be deposed or otherwise be the subject of discovery other than as provided under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
15. a. Nothing in this Order shall prevent or otherwise restrict counsel from rendering advice to their clients and, in the course thereof, relying generally on designated Litigation Materials; provided, that in rendering such advice and otherwise communicating with such client, counsel shall not make any disclosure of the specific substance of Litigation Materials so designated except as otherwise allowed by this Order.
b. If, at any time, any Litigation Materials in the possession, custody or control of any person other than the person who originally produced such Litigation Materials are subpoenaed or requested by any court, administrative agency, legislative body or other person or entity, the party to whom the subpoena or other request is directed shall immediately give written notice thereof to each party who has produced such Litigation Materials (directly or through the producing party's outside counsel), and shall provide each producing party with an opportunity to object and intervene as appropriate regarding the request for the production of Litigation Materials. If a producing party does not object and/or intervene to prevent disclosure of such documents within twenty-one (21) days of the date written notice is given, the party to whom the subpoena or other request is directed may produce such documents in response thereto. Nothing in this Section, however, shall be interpreted to require the party to whom the subpoena or other request is directed to refuse to comply with any legal duty or obligation imposed by a court or other judicial, arbitral, administrative, or legislative body.
16. Except as agreed in writing by counsel of record or as ordered by the Court, Litigation Materials designated or treated as "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" shall be submitted and/or filed under seal in accordance with Local Rule 79-5. Good cause must be shown for the under seal filing.
17. Nothing herein shall prevent any of the parties from using Litigation Materials designated hereunder in any trial in this litigation or from seeking further protection with respect to the use of any designated Litigation Materials in any trial in this litigation. Means to preserve the confidentiality of Litigation Materials presented at any trial of this matter shall be considered and implemented prior to the beginning of such trial. Designated Litigation Materials that are not received into evidence at trial shall retain their designated status under this Order.
18. The terms of this Order shall apply to all manner and means of discovery. The provisions of this Order may be modified at any time by stipulation of the parties, approved by order of the Court. In addition, a party may at any time apply to the Court for modification of this Order. Nothing in this Order shall constitute: (a) any agreement to produce in discovery any testimony, document or other information; (b) a waiver of any right to object to or seek a further protective order with respect to any discovery or other matter in this or any other litigation; or (c) a waiver of any claim or immunity, protection, or privilege with respect to any testimony, document or information.
19. In the event that Litigation Materials designated or treated as "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" are disclosed to someone not authorized to receive such information under this Order, counsel of record for the party making that disclosure shall, promptly upon learning of such disclosure, give notice to counsel of record for the designating person and to counsel of record for the producing person (if different), and shall describe the circumstances surrounding the unauthorized disclosure.
20. If any party inadvertently produces in discovery any information subject to attorney-client privilege, work-product doctrine or any other privilege, protection or immunity, and the requirements of Federal Rule of Evidence 502(b) have been satisfied, the producing party may (promptly upon learning of such production) notify the receiving party(ies) of such production and seek the return and/or destruction of such information as set forth below. Upon such notification: the receiving party(ies) shall promptly return to the producing person or shall destroy all such information (including, without limitation, all originals and copies of any documents containing or comprising such information); the information (including, without limitation, all originals and copies of any documents containing or comprising such information) shall continue to be privileged, protected, and/or immune; and no use shall be made of such information (including, without limitation, all originals and copies of any documents containing or comprising such information) by the receiving party(ies), nor shall it be disclosed to anyone by the receiving party(ies). The receiving party(ies) shall promptly provide to the producing person a written certification of the complete return or destruction of such information (including, without limitation, all originals and copies of any documents containing or comprising such information); provided that, to the extent any receiving party has incorporated any such information in its own work product, it may (instead of providing such work product to the producing person) destroy such information incorporated in that work product and promptly certify to such destruction. Nothing herein, however, shall preclude the receiving party(ies) from subsequently challenging that such materials are privileged, or that any such privilege has not been waived.
21. Upon termination of this litigation and the request of the producing person, the originals and all copies, whether exact copies or compilations, digests or non-exact copies in any form, of Litigation Materials shall, within thirty (30) days, be returned to the person who produced such Litigation Materials (with the resulting shipping expense to be paid by the producing person), or shall be destroyed (together with a written certification of the complete destruction of the Litigation Materials), or shall otherwise be disposed as may be mutually agreeable among the applicable persons. The obligation to return or destroy "Confidential" (as opposed to "Highly Confidential") materials shall be limited to reasonable efforts. Nevertheless, counsel of record may retain their file copies of all court filings, official transcripts and exhibits, any pleading transcript (for each deposition, hearing and trial), written discovery responses, expert reports, and attorney work product, regardless of whether it contained protected Litigation Materials, provided that counsel continues to treat all Litigation Materials in the manner provided in this Order. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph, inaccessible copies of confidential or proprietary material, including electronic copies created through the routine operation of the recipient(s)' standard archival and backup procedures, do not need to be returned or destroyed.
22. This Order shall remain in force and effect until modified, superseded or terminated by agreement of the parties hereto or by order of the Court. The termination of this action shall not relieve the parties from complying with any limitations imposed by this Order, and the Court shall retain jurisdiction to enforce this Order.
23. The entry of this Order does not prevent any party from seeking a further order of this Court pursuant to Rule 26(c) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any party believes that documents to be produced in this litigation merit additional protection and/or restrictions on the categories of persons otherwise entitled to review "Confidential" or "Highly Confidential" Litigation Materials, the party may request the other party's (or parties') stipulation to such treatment, or, if necessary file a motion for an order of this Court pursuant to Rule 26(c). Each party's agreement to this Stipulated Protective Order is without prejudice to such party's right to seek or to oppose such a motion.
24. The parties agree they will act in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Order upon its execution by all parties even though it may not yet have been so-ordered and entered by the Court.
25. This Order shall govern all discovery undertaken in this action.
SO STIPULATED:
SO ORDERED:
Schedule A
By my signature, I hereby acknowledge that I have read the Stipulated Protective Order, dated ______ ___, 2016 (the "Protective Order") entered in Disney Enterprises, Inc., et al. v. VidAngel, Inc., (Case No. 2:16-cv-04109-AB-PLA), pending in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, and hereby agree to be bound by the terms thereof. I further agree that to the extent that my employees are provided with "Confidential" and/or "Highly Confidential" Litigation Materials, I will instruct such employees regarding the terms of the Protective Order. I further agree to subject myself to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Central District of California with respect to all matters relating to compliance of the Protective Order.

Dated:_______________________________

City and State: ________________________

                             Signature: _________________________________

                             Title:______________________________________

                             Address:____________________________________
                             ____________________________________________
                             ____________________________________________








Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us















	VIDANGEL Trademark of Vidangel Inc. Serial Number: 86130616 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
VIDANGEL










 
Get FREE email alerts













VIDANGEL  Trademark Information
 Vidangel Inc
Computer software for tagging and delivering multimedia entertainment content; computer software for allowing viewers to skip or mute specific video and/or audio material they choose not to see or hear
Editing of sounds and images, namely, content filtering of digital entertainment
Providing website featuring technology that delivers multimedia entertainment content and allows viewers to skip or mute specific material that a viewer chooses to not see or hear




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Education and Entertainment Services
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
software   tagging   delivering   multimedia   entertainment   content   software   allowing   viewers   skip   mute   specific   video   andor   audio   material   choose   hear    
                                    




This is a brand page for the VIDANGEL trademark by Vidangel Inc 
                                in Provo, UT, 84061.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this VIDANGEL trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Vidangel Inc of the VIDANGEL trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the VIDANGEL trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, November 27, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        VIDANGEL by 
                        Vidangel Inc, Provo, UT  84061.
                        The USPTO has given the VIDANGEL 
                        trademark serial  number of  86130616.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for VIDANGEL is 
                        
                        
                                            Joseph Shapiro of 
                                            Rasmussen Shapiro, PLLC,  288 W Center Ct, PROVO, UT 84601 
                                .
                            The VIDANGEL trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Education and Entertainment Services
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for VIDANGEL 
                            is Computer software for tagging and delivering multimedia entertainment content; computer software for allowing viewers to skip or mute specific video and/or audio material they choose not to see or hear. 
                            





Word mark:
 VIDANGEL


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

12/15/2015



  Serial Number:  
86130616


  Filing Date:  
11/27/2013


 Registration Number:  
4871213 


 Registration Date:  
12/15/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Computer software for tagging and delivering multimedia entertainment content; computer software for allowing viewers to skip or mute specific video and/or audio material they choose not to see or hear


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/4/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Vidangel IncProvo, UT  84061
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Joseph Shapiro
Rasmussen Shapiro, PLLC
288 W Center Ct
PROVO, UT 84601






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
8/27/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
11/5/2013




Primary Class: 
 Class (041) - Education; providing of training; entertainment; sporting and cultural activities. 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
6/1/2015




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
6/1/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your VIDANGEL trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/15/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Joseph Shapiro


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of VIDANGEL trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search vidangel on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for VIDANGEL 




VIDANGEL is providing Computer software for tagging and delivering multimedia entertainment content; computer software for allowing viewers to skip or mute specific video and/or audio material they choose not to see or hear.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















VIDANGEL LLC v. CLEARPLAY | No. C 13-5989 SI. | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
VIDANGEL LLC v. CLEARPLAY INC.



					 
				




								VIDANGEL LLC v. CLEARPLAY INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. C 13-5989 SI.
								




View Case
Cited Cases






VIDANGEL LLC, Plaintiff,
v.
CLEARPLAY INC., and DOES 1-10, Defendants.


United States District Court, N.D. California.
March 4, 2014.









ORDER GRANTING DEFENDANT'S MOTION TO TRANSFER VENUE AND TRANSFERRING ACTION TO THE DISTRICT OF UTAH
SUSAN ILLSTON, District Judge.
Defendant's motion to dismiss or to transfer venue to the District of Utah is scheduled for a hearing on March 14, 2014.1 Pursuant to Civil Local Rule 7-1(b), the Court determines that the matter is appropriate for resolution without oral argument, and VACATES the hearing scheduled for March 14, 2014. For the reasons set forth below, the Court GRANTS defendant's motion to transfer venue and TRANSFERS this action to the District of Utah.
BACKGROUND
On December 30, 2013, plaintiff VidAngel LLC ("VidAngel") filed a complaint against ClearPlay Inc. ("ClearPlay") and Does 1-10. The complaint seeks a declaration that VidAngel is not infringing seven patents owned by ClearPlay, as well as a declaration that those patents are invalid. VidAngel is a Utah limited liability corporation with its principal place of business in Provo, Utah, and it "provides products and services related to a cloud-based software solution for filtering streaming video." Compl. ¶ 3. ClearPlay is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business in Salt Lake City, Utah. Id. ¶ 4; Jarman Decl. ¶ 3 (Docket No. 21-2). According to ClearPlay's CEO, Matthew Jarman, ClearPlay's products "enable parents to control content within their home by selectively filtering inappropriate material, such as violence, profanity, nudity, and the like, from an audiovisual presentation (e.g., movies) during the viewing process." Jarman Decl. ¶ 5 (Docket No. 29-2). On February 7, 2014, ClearPlay filed an answer and counterclaim against VidAngel and two managers of VidAngel, Jeffrey Harmon and Neal Harmon, alleging infringement of six of the patents identified in the complaint. The Harmon defendants reside in Utah. Counterclaim ¶¶ 3-4.
The complaint alleges that "[b]ased on VidAngel's anticipated launch of its filtering software for streaming video, ClearPlay has alleged infringement of [the patents-in-suit] and told VidAngel that it intends to `stop' VidAngel's commercial activities." Compl. ¶ 1. The complaint alleges that in November 2013, ClearPlay's counsel wrote to VidAngel requesting a meeting to "discuss potential collaboration" with VidAngel regarding technology for filtering out undesirable content from movies. Id. ¶¶ 21-22 & Ex. H. The letter identified VidAngel's software product and launch date, and stated that "[ClearPlay] understands that [VidAngel] intends to launch a browser app plugin that would filter out undesirable content on streaming video (Google Play, YouTube, etc.)." Id. The letter was sent from ClearPlay's counsel's office in Salt Lake City, Utah to VidAngel's offices in Provo, Utah. Id. On December 21, 2013, Jarman met with the Harmons at VidAngel's offices in Lehi, Utah, to discuss potential collaboration between ClearPlay and VidAngel. Jarman Decl. ¶ 8 (Docket No. 21-2); Compl. ¶ 23. On December 23, 2013, ClearPlay informed VidAngel that it would not license its intellectual property to VidAngel. Compl. ¶ 24. The complaint in this action was filed on December 30, 2013. According to ClearPlay's motion for a temporary restraining order, on January 17, 2014, VidAngel launched its products on its website. Docket No. 29 at 7. ClearPlay alleges that VidAngel's products directly compete with ClearPlay's online streaming products. Id.
On February 7, 2013, ClearPlay filed a motion to transfer venue to the District of Utah. ClearPlay's CEO Jarman has filed a declaration stating that all of the inventors of the patents-in-suit reside in Utah, and that he is "presently unaware of any factual witness who could likely be called in this matter [who] does not reside in the State of Utah." Jarman Decl. ¶¶ 6-7 (Docket No. 21-2). ClearPlay notes that all of the parties, including the Harmons, are located in Utah, and that all but one of VidAngel's managers and/or members are located in Utah (with one member located in Southern Idaho). Docket No. 21-4. ClearPlay has also identified Jarom McDonald as a witness. Mr. McDonald is an associate research professor at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, and he filed a declaration on behalf of VidAngel in opposition to ClearPlay's motion for a temporary restraining order. Mr. McDonald states that he developed the client-side source code for VidAngel's online streaming video customization platform. Docket No. 34-4. ClearPlay has also submitted a copy of VidAngel's November 27, 2013 Terms of Service, which states that VidAngel's customer service department is located in Provo, Utah, and provides that disputes between VidAngel and its customers are subject to arbitration or small claims court in Provo, Utah, and governed by Utah law. Docket No. 21-3 ¶¶ 8.1, 8.2.
LEGAL STANDARD
"For the convenience of parties and witnesses, in the interest of justice, a district court may transfer any civil matter to any other district or division where it might have been brought." 28 U.S.C. § 1404(a). The purpose of § 1404(a) is to "prevent the waste of time, energy, and money and to protect litigants, witnesses and the public against unnecessary inconvenience and expense." Van Dusen v. Barrack, 376 U.S. 612, 616 (1964) (internal citations and quotation omitted). A motion for transfer lies within the broad discretion of the district court, and must be determined on an individualized basis. See Jones v. GNC Franchising, Inc., 211 F.3d 495, 498 (9th Cir. 2000).
To support a motion for transfer, the moving party must establish: "(1) that venue is proper in the transferor district; (2) that the transferee district is one where the action might have been brought; and (3) that the transfer will serve the convenience of the parties and witnesses and will promote the interest of justice." Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. v. McDonnell Douglas Corp., 820 F.Supp. 503, 506 (C.D. Cal. 1992).
Courts evaluate the following factors to determine which venue is more convenient to the parties and the witnesses: (1) plaintiff's choice of forum, (2) convenience of the parties, (3) convenience of the witnesses, (4) ease of access to the evidence, (5) familiarity of each forum with the applicable law, (6) feasibility of consolidation with other claims, (7) any local interest in the controversy, and (8) the relative court congestion and time of trial in each forum. See Williams v. Bowman, 157 F.Supp.2d 1103, 1106 (N.D. Cal. 2001); see also Jones v. GNC Franchising Inc., 211 F.3d 495, 498-99 (9th Cir. 2000). The Court has broad discretion to address these factors based on the particular facts of each case. E. & J. Gallo Winery v. F. & P. S.p.A., 899 F.Supp. 465, 466 (E.D. Cal. 1994).
DISCUSSION
ClearPlay has filed a motion pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1404(a) to have this case transferred to the District of Utah. ClearPlay argues that Utah is a more convenient district for this litigation because the parties and relevant witnesses are located in Utah and all of the facts giving rise to this dispute occurred in Utah. ClearPlay argues that the Northern District has little to no connection to this case, and that it would be inconvenient for the parties to litigate this case from their headquarters in Utah.
The Court agrees. As an initial matter, the Court finds that this case could have been filed in the District of Utah. The governing venue statute for patent infringement actions provides that venue is proper "in the judicial district where the defendant resides, or where the defendant has committed acts of infringement and has a regular and established place of business." 28 U.S.C. § 1400(b) (2013). A defendant is deemed to reside "in any judicial district in which [it] is subject to the court's personal jurisdiction." 28 U.S.C. § 1391(c); VE Holding Corp., 917 F.2d at 1583. VidAngel does not dispute that this case could have been brought in Utah.
The Court also finds that Utah is significantly more convenient for the parties and the witnesses. The record shows that the parties, their employees,2 and corporate documents are located in Utah. In addition, all of the inventors of the patents-in-suit reside in Utah, the developer of VidAngel's source code lives in Utah, and Mr. Jarman states that he is "presently unaware of any factual witness who could likely be called in this matter [who] does not reside in the State of Utah." Jarman Decl. ¶¶ 6-7 (Docket No. 21-2). In contrast, VidAngel has not identified any specific witnesses who may have relevant information and who are in the Northern District. VidAngel's CEO, Neal Harmon, filed a declaration stating, inter alia, that "VidAngel has substantial business contacts with companies in the Northern District of California," including its "mobile solutions provider for cross-platform development," two venture capital companies, its "remarketing advertising provider," its "payment gateway provider," and its current streaming content and TV technology providers. Harmon Decl. ¶ 6. However, Mr. Harmon does not identify any specific individuals from these companies who may have information relevant to the parties' claims or defenses. See Williams, 157 F. Supp. 2d at 1108 ("Absent a more specific showing that particular witnesses will be necessary at trial, the court cannot consider the convenience of these unnamed witnesses."). Mr. Harmon also states that VidAngel's software code database is hosted by a company based in San Francisco. Id. However, as ClearPlay notes, VidAngel's counsel confirmed that VidAngel's software code can be viewed anywhere, and thus the location of VidAngel's software code database is irrelevant to the § 1404(a) analysis. Docket No. 31-1. Moreover, the fact that VidAngel requires all disputes between itself and its customers to be arbitrated or litigated in Provo, Utah strongly indicates that VidAngel generally finds Utah to be a convenient forum for disputes arising from its business.
Plaintiff argues that the Court should not disturb its choice of forum. There is ordinarily a strong presumption in favor of a plaintiff's choice of forum. Piper Aircraft Co v. Reyno, 454 U.S. 235, 265-66 (1981). However, where a plaintiff does not reside in the forum, the Court may afford plaintiff's choice considerably less weight. See Schwarzer et al., Federal Civil Procedure Before Trial § 4:761 (2013) (citing In re Apple, Inc., 602 F.3d 909, 913 (8th Cir. 2010); Piper Aircraft, 454 U.S. at 236)); see also Matt v. Baxter Healthcare Corp., 74 F.Supp.2d 467, 470 (E.D. Pa. 1999) ("A locale that is not the home of the plaintiff and where few of the operative facts occurred is entitled to less weight"). In addition, VidAngel does not dispute that the facts giving rise to this dispute occurred in Utah. Indeed, VidAngel does not allege that any of the operative facts took place in the Northern District of California. Accordingly, the Court finds that plaintiff's choice of forum is entitled to significantly less weight in the transfer analysis.
The other factors the Court considers when deciding a motion to transfer include the familiarity of each forum with the applicable law, the feasibility of consolidation with other claims, any local interest in the controversy, and the relative court congestion and time of trial in each forum. The parties agree that these factors are neutral in the transfer analysis, with the exception of the local interest in the controversy. ClearPlay argues that the Northern District has no interest in this controversy because the parties are from Utah and the operative facts occurred in Utah, while VidAngel argues that the Northern District has a significant local interest due to "VidAngel's extensive business dealings in the Northern District." Docket No. 26 at 9. The Court agrees with ClearPlay that the local interest in this controversy is much stronger in Utah, where the parties have their headquarters and where the facts giving rise to the complaint occurred.
CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, the Court GRANTS defendant's motion to transfer venue and hereby TRANSFERS this action to the District of Utah. Docket No. 21. The Court GRANTS defendant's motions to file overlarge briefs. Docket Nos. 27 and 37. The Court transfers ClearPlay's consolidated motion for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction to be considered by the transferee court in the first instance.
IT IS SO ORDERED.


FootNotes 
1. Defendant has also filed a consolidated motion for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction. In light of the Court's transfer of this case to the District of Utah, the Court does not rule on the motion for a temporary restraining order.

2. Mr. Harmon states that VidAngel is "currently recruiting an engineer from the San Francisco area to lead its technology strategy — this engineer is expected to join shortly and will be based in San Francisco." Harmon Decl. ¶ 9. However, as ClearPlay notes, this unidentified engineer has yet to be hired, and in any event, VidAngel does not state what information this engineer would have that is relevant to the claims or defenses in this case.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us















VidAngel Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























vidangel inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Retail - Discretionary
Sub-Industry: E-Commerce Discretionary
VidAngel, Inc. operates an online video streaming website. The Company offers platform that allows to stream movies.




Corporate Information
Address:

276 Everett Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.vidangel.com























From The Web












1041338D News




Disney Wins Bid to Shut Sanitized Movie Streaming Service

Dec 12, 2016







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































VidAngel | Watch Movies However The BLEEP You Want

Disney Enterprises, Inc. v. VidAngel, Inc. | Loeb & Loeb















































Add to PDF Binder
Remove
PDF Binder
Share


LinkedIn
Facebook
Follow on Twitter
Google+
Email




X
PDF Binder

The PDF Binder tool allows users to download select information about our firm, professionals and capabilities. The information may be exported to a PDF, which can be printed, or sent via an email that includes a set of links.
To add a page to your customized binder, select "Add to Binder" at the top of any page. You may select as many pages as you would like to export or email. Once you have compiled your binder, please click on the binder icon, which will show you how many items you have selected. You may then choose to export the information or email the set of links.
















SEARCH


CLOSE

Quick links



Search entire site for:









Locations

| 

Publications & News

| 

Events

| 

Careers

| 

Connect






Professionals

| 

Capabilities

| 

Experience

| 

About Us








CLOSE




A
|
B
|
C
|
D
|
E
|
F
|
G
|
H
|
I
|
J
|
K
|
L
|
M
|
N
|
O
|
P
|
Q
|
R
|
S
|
T
|
U
|
V
|
W
|
X
|
Y
|
Z












Capability
Advanced Media and Technology
Advertising and Promotions
Advertising Disputes
Antitrust
Asia
Bankruptcy Litigation
Bankruptcy, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights
Branded Entertainment
Capital Markets
China Litigation, Enforcement and Arbitration Response (CLEAR) Team
Climate Change, Energy and Sustainability
Commercial Real Estate Leasing
Consumer Action and Regulatory Defense
Corporate
Corporate Governance
Corporate Media and Entertainment
Corporate Trust and Agency
Cybersecurity and Internet Safety
Digital and Social Media
Employment and Labor
Energy
Energy M&A, Securities and Finance
Energy Project Development and Finance
Energy Regulatory and Litigation
Entertainment and IP Litigation
Entertainment and Media
Entertainment Finance
Environmental
Equipment Leasing
Estate, Gift and Income Tax Planning
Executive Compensation and Employee Benefits
FDA Regulatory and Compliance
Finance
Financial Services
Fine Arts
gTLD Development and Response Team
Health and Wellness Marketing Compliance
Healthcare
Higher Education
Hospitality
Initial, Secondary and Alternative Public Offerings
Insurance Coverage and Defense
Intellectual Property
Interactive Media, Virtual and Augmented Reality
International Trust and Estate Planning
Land Use
Life Sciences
Life Sciences Patent Litigation and Counseling
Litigation
Marketing and Advertising Regulatory
Media, Entertainment and Tech Corporate Convergence
Mergers and Acquisitions
Music Industry
Natural Gas
Nonprofits and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Nuclear Energy
Patent Litigation and Counseling
Payments Technology
Privacy, Security and Data Optimization
Private Equity
Private Investments in Public Equity (PIPEs)
Private Placements
Professional Services Litigation
Public Sector Litigation
Real Estate
Real Estate Acquisitions, Dispositions and Joint Ventures
Real Estate Finance
Real Estate Litigation
Renewable Energy
Retail and Consumer Brands
Sale and Purchase of Assets in Distressed Situations
Securities Litigation and Enforcement
Sports
Structured Finance and Securitization
Talent
Tax
Tax Controversy and Litigation
Tax Controversy and Litigation
Technology and Outsourcing
Television
Theater
Trademarks and Copyrights
Trust and Estate Administration
Trust and Estate Litigation
Trusts and Estates
Unsecured Creditors' Committees
Venture Capital
Western Europe Corporate
White Collar Criminal Defense and Investigations

Office
Beijing
Chicago
Hong Kong
Los Angeles
Nashville
New York
Washington, DC




                                Search our professionals alphabetically by last name, or by using filters with the advanced search.
                                
                            













CLOSE





Advanced Media and Technology  + 
                                    

Asia  + 
                                    

Bankruptcy, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights  + 
                                    

Capital Markets  + 
                                    

Corporate  + 
                                    

Employment and Labor


Energy  + 
                                    

Entertainment and Media  + 
                                    



Finance  + 
                                    

Intellectual Property  + 
                                    

Life Sciences  + 
                                    

Litigation  + 
                                    

Nonprofits and Tax-Exempt Organizations


Patent Litigation and Counseling  + 
                                    

Private Equity




Pro Bono


Real Estate  + 
                                    

Regulatory, Compliance and White Collar  + 
                                    

Sports


Tax  + 
                                    

Trusts and Estates  + 
                                    

Industry Focus  + 
                                    



















CLOSE



Select a capability to see 
Loeb & Loeb's related matters or explore our experience by conducting a search by keyword, capability and/or industry.

Explore Our Experience





Advanced Media and Technology


Asia


Bankruptcy, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights


Capital Markets


Corporate




Employment and Labor


Energy


Entertainment and Media


Finance


Intellectual Property




Litigation


Private Equity


Real Estate


Tax


Trusts and Estates













CLOSE




In Depth
Service Approach
Diversity and Inclusion
Community Involvement
Firm History




Highlights















CONNECT THE DOTS
Our 3-minute Loeb & Loeb video shows you just how we're all connected.
Watch it now.


















WE'RE ALL CONNECTED 
That's the fitting title of the new book we wrote on connectivity and client stories. 
Have a look.


















Publications and News












Cases of Interest



Disney Enterprises, Inc. v. VidAngel, Inc.

            USDC, Central District of California,
            December 12, 2016
        

In Depth


Click here to download a PDF of the full decision.




District court grants four major movie studios’ request for injunction against streaming service that filters out objectionable content for customers, finding that studios were likely to succeed on their DMCA and copyright infringement claims.
Major film studios Disney Enterprises Inc., Lucasfilm Ltd. LLC, Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation and Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. sued VidAngel Inc., an unlicensed video-on-demand streaming service that allows customers to filter out objectionable content and stream a movie or television show through VidAngel after purchasing a physical DVD or Blu-ray disc through the service. The studios alleged that VidAngel violated their rights pursuant to §1201(a) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and under §106 of the Copyright Act, and moved for a preliminary injunction.
VidAngel Inc. operates an unlicensed video-on-demand streaming service for movies and television shows that filters out objectionable content as directed by customers. To watch a movie or television show on VidAngel, a customer must first purchase a physical copy in DVD or disc format from VidAngel, and then choose the type of content within the work to be filtered out, such as nudity or obscene language, before receiving video available for streaming. Customers may or may not choose to receive a physical copy of the video. Once the video has been streamed and watched, the user can resell it to VidAngel for a partial credit.
The district court granted plaintiffs’ motion for preliminary injunction, finding that the studios had shown a “strong likelihood of success” on the merits of their DMCA and copyright claims.
The DMCA provides that “no person shall circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title.” The studios argued that VidAngel circumvented the technological protections on their DVDs or discs by decrypting the DVDs or discs for purposes of uploading onto a computer, in the process removing restrictions on encryption. VidAngel argued that this activity didn’t amount to circumvention because it was only decrypting DVDs to allow them to be viewed in another way, a procedure known as reformatting or “space-shifting,” and that space-shifting is legal when performed for disc purchasers who elect to have their DVD content streamed rather than receiving the physical discs.
The court rejected VidAngel’s argument that the DMCA exempted space-shifting, finding that Section 1201(a)(3)(A) of the DMCA exempts from liability those “who would ‘decrypt’ an encrypted DVD with the authority of a copyright owner, not those who would ‘view’ a DVD with the authority of a copyright owner.” According to the court, the purchase of a DVD conveys only the authority to view the DVD, not to decrypt it, and VidAngel had not offered any evidence that the studios have either explicitly or implicitly authorized DVD or disc buyers to circumvent encryption technology in order to view the DVD or disc on a different platform such as VidAngel’s streaming service. 
The district court also rejected VidAngel’s argument that the Family Home Movie Act (FMA) expressly allows a third party to filter and transmit content as specified by a lawful owner of a copy as long as a fixed copy of the altered content is not created, noting that the argument was unsupported by the clear language of the statute, and that the legislative history directly contradicted VidAngel’s argument that the FMC provided an exemption to the anti-circumvention provisions of the DMCA.
The studios also asserted that VidAngel violated two of their exclusive rights under the Copyright Act: the right to reproduce their works by making copies and the right to publicly perform their copyrighted works. With respect to the reproduction right, VidAngel admitted to making copies of plaintiffs’ works onto a computer system and third-party servers, but argued that they are only “intermediate” copies and therefore not protected by the Copyright Act. The district court rejected the argument that intermediate copying was not prohibited by the Copyright Act, pointing out that “in order to constitute a ‘copy’ for purposes of the Copyright Act, the allegedly infringing work must be fixed in some tangible form, ‘from which the work can be perceived, reproduced, or otherwise communicated, either directly or with the aid of a machine or device.’” VidAngel’s fragmented copies may not be able to be perceived directly by consumers, but they can be perceived with the aid of VidAngel’s software, noted the district court, and the copying performed by VidAngel falls within the category of acts proscribed by the statute.
With respect to the public performance right, VidAngel argued that it does not engage in public performances because it streams only filtered versions of works created at the direction of and owned by its customers. In so arguing, VidAngel relied on language in the Supreme Court’s 2014 decision in Am. Broad. Cos. v. Aereo Inc., stating that a transmission of a copyrighted program is not made to “the public” when it is made “to those who act as owners or possessors of the relevant product.” However, even assuming arguendo that VidAngel’s buy/sell-back service creates a valid ownership interest in a DVD, the district court found that this ownership would apply only to the physical DVD or disc and not to the digital content that VidAngel streams to paying subscribers. VidAngel subscribers view the stream from a master copy stored on a server, not from a DVD or disc “temporarily” owned by the user.
The district court again rejected VidAngel’s arguments under the FMA, finding that the FMA exempts only (i) the “making imperceptible” of limited portions of a motion picture, and (ii) the “creation or provision of a computer program or other technology that enables such making imperceptible.” 17 U.S.C. § 110(11). According to the court, the statute clearly requires that a performance or transmission of filtered content must come from an “authorized copy” of the motion picture, but the digital content that VidAngel streams to its customers is not from an authorized copy — rather, it streams from a digital copy that it acquires by circumventing technological protection measures on the studios’ DVDs. Finally, the district court rejected VidAngel’s “fair use” defense, finding that its commercial use of the copyrighted works was not “transformative” because it did not add anything to the studios’ works, and simply omitted a small percentage that viewers found objectionable. 
In granting the preliminary injunction, the district court found that studios demonstrated a likelihood of imminent irreparable injury. It noted that the studios strategically release their content across different distribution channels and to different licensees to generate revenue on their movies and television shows, and negotiate exclusive time windows for performing a title with different licensees. The studios maintained that VidAngel interferes with their right to control how, and through which channels, consumers can view their copyright work, because VidAngel operates without a license and performs the studios’ works during the exclusive period, which frustrates the studios’ ability to negotiate for similar rights in the future. In addition, VidAngel’s actions threatened to harm the studios’ relationships and goodwill with authorized distributors, the district court noted. 
Accordingly, the district court enjoined VidAngel from (1) circumventing technological measures protecting the studios’ copyrighted works on DVDs, Blu-ray discs or any other medium; (2) copying the studios’ copyrighted works, including but not limited to copying the works onto computers or servers; and (3) streaming, transmitting, or otherwise publicly performing or displaying any of the studios’ copyrighted works over the internet through such websites as VidAngel.com, via web applications (available through platforms such as the Windows App Store, Apple’s App Store, the Amazon App Store, Facebook or Google Play), via portable devices (through applications on devices such as iPhones, iPads, Android devices, smartphones or tablets), via media streaming devices (such as Roku, Chromecast or Apple TV) or by means of any other device or process.
Finally, the district court imposed a bond for $250,000, instead of the $50 million requested by VidAngel.
Summary prepared by Jonathan Neil Strauss and Sasha Segall





Editorial Board







        Jonathan Zavin
        
        
Partner




T: 212.407.4161










        Tal Dickstein
        
        
Partner




T: 212.407.4963










        David Grossman
        
        
Partner




T: 310.282.2077










        Wook Hwang
        
        
Partner




T: 212.407.4035










        Jonathan Neil Strauss
        
        
Partner




T: 212.407.4089










        Meg Charendoff
        
        
Legal Publications Editor




T: 212.407.4069




















© LOEB & LOEB LLP
|
Terms Of Use|Privacy Policy|
EMPLOYEE LOGIN


This Web site may constitute "Attorney Advertising" under the New York Rules of Professional Conduct and under the law of other jurisdictions. Your use of our Web site or its facilities constitutes your acceptance of the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.





Chinese Site >






SITEMAP



PROFESSIONALS
CAPABILITIES
EXPERIENCE
ABOUT US 
                                                        
IN DEPTH
SERVICE APPROACH
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
FIRM HISTORY 





LOCATIONS

PUBLICATIONS


CASES OF INTEREST




EVENTS


CLE CORNER



CONNECT

LinkedIn
Facebook
Follow on Twitter
Subscribe to RSS
YouTube 


MOBILE SITE

























BBB Business Profile | Vidangel, Inc. | Accreditation



















Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Video Tapes & Discs Sales & Rentals
 > 
Vidangel, Inc.














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Vidangel, Inc.



Request a Quote

































Vidangel, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(760) 933-8437

Vidangel, Inc.
3 years in business

        251 N University Ave
        Provo, UT 84601-2836
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 11/15/2015
            

                Business Started: 10/22/2013


                Business Incorporated: 10/22/2013 in UT





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Neal Harmon, Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Video Tapes & Discs Sales & Rentals
            







            Service Area
        
         UTAH COUNTY, UT

    



 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 11/20/2015
            

                BBB has determined that Vidangel, Inc. meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Vidangel, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Vidangel, Inc.
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 11/20/2015










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[4] Total Customer Complaints
                        













        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 



















VidAngel Streaming Service: Don't Like Offensive Content in Movies? No Problem - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































VidAngel Streaming Service: Don't Like Offensive Content in Movies? No Problem


March 01, 2016, 08:17:07 AM EDT
By Benzinga









































Shutterstock photo


By Jim ProbascoAccording to co-founder Neal Harmon, “VidAngel lets you watch movies and TV shows however the BLEEP you want.” VidAngel is a video streaming service that applies filters, chosen by you, designed to cut out language, nudity or other potentially offensive content.Incredibly, VidAngel’s business model makes it possible to watch full-length filtered movies and television shows for as little as $1 per night – thanks to a unique “buy and sell back” program.Benzinga spoke with Harmon, who shared the story of the founding of the company and how the entire operation works for one of the most innovative video streaming services available today.Benzinga: Can you share a little of your background and history before VidAngel?Neal Harmon: Sure. I was co-founder of a company called Orabrush, which was named one of the top 10 YouTube marketing campaigns of the decade.After that, my brother Jeffrey and I did a marketing campaign for PooPourri that was in the top 10 campaigns for 2013.We started a marketing agency and, because we have young children, realized some of the media content creators we love don’t share our values in terms of what we wanted our kids to see.I played with various APIs, building a filter on a movie, and it worked. Nobody else built the product so we did.When did VidAngel actually become an entity? Was it a fast moving process?Oh yeah. We’ve had a roller-coaster ride. In October 2013, we built out a proof of concept and in 2014, we launched an MVP (minimum viable product).We got lots of customer feedback and then after the Supreme Court ruling on Aereo we got the idea for VidAngel. We rebuilt the product in late 2014, started private beta testing in January 2015 and made the product open to the public in August 2015.So, what is VidAngel and how does it work?Our tagline is “Watch movies and TV shows however the BLEEP you want.”That means you can watch any movie you own on any device you want to and customized the way you want to watch it. For example, if you don’t want to see Jar Jar Binks in Star Wars, you can set a filter to cut out Jar Jar Binks.If you don’t want to see nudity in Game of Thrones, you can cut that out. You have the power to watch the movie however you want.Is this similar to Redbox, only with filters?Actually, it’s the opposite of Redbox. With Redbox you rent the movie and pay for it every day. If you forget to take it back, you end up paying for and owning it.With VidAngel you buy the movie up front for $20. That’s because you have to own it for us to be able to filter your steam for you. After you watch it, you can keep it or you can sell it back. The sellback price is $19 for SD and $18 for HD. So it is essentially $1 per night for SD and $2 per night for HD with sellback.VidAngel.com New Releases section.Talk a little bit about the filters. Who creates them? How do they work?We have a Chrome extension that allows members to create their own filters, but it’s not very well built out. Ultimately that’s where we want to get to. People just tag the movie however they want, create filters however they want and share those filters however they want.Until then, we have a small community of people all over the country that tag movies in preparation for them to be published on VidAngel.If you go on VidAngel, you have a set of five tag options including sex and nudity, violence, language, alcohol and drug content and miscellaneous content which includes things like opening credits, ending credits and Jar Jar and all that kind of stuff.As a member you create your own filter based on those five tags.What about an indicator or key to age appropriateness?Our members can use the MPAA ratings that come with the movie. Those ratings are owned by the Motion Picture Association of America so we can’t tell our community to “turn this Rated R movie to PG-13.” That would be illegal.We can list the original rating and then someone can go in and apply a filter for what they want to adjust in order to show the movie to their families.In addition, we are collecting data as people finish their movies on what they felt like the age appropriateness was. When we have enough of that data collected, we may start publishing our own age appropriateness ratings.Do you have any data on how big your potential customer base is? In other words, is there a need for a product like this?Before we started this business we surveyed general Americans. In addition, we talked to an adviser who owned a movie editing company. He said 48% of Americans would want to watch edited versions of movies. We did a survey years later and found the number to be 47%.If you charge people to use a filter, the market shrinks to less than 1% of Americans. But if you empower them by letting them own a movie, it becomes a much larger market.Each movie is a commercial business. They cut different versions of “The Wolf of Wall Street” for China and for the Middle East and for the airlines. VidAngel is a tool for a family cut. Who better to decide what the family cut should look like than the family themselves?We believe in allowing our customers to watch movies however they want. If you want filters, VidAngel is your place to do it. If you want to watch without filters, we recommend one of the unfiltered streaming services.How do people find out what movies and TV shows are available through VidAngel?Just go to the website and sign up free. From there you can see everything available. We have more than 1,500 titles currently and are adding about 60 per week.We offer the most popular TV shows, movies and classic movies and we solicit and accept customer requests. Brand new movies with over 10 million domestic sales are offered automatically.Does everything go through the same process in terms of filtering or does it depend on the movie or TV show?We created tagging training videos to give our community a common language. Such things as “What does graphic violence mean?” I’m amazed, for example, at how many tags there are on the move “Minions” or “Inside Out.”You would think there is nothing in those movies that should be filtered but there could be someone who objects to body humor or a character talking back to their parents. The tagging community is way more sensitive for content rated for a younger group.All content goes through a four-stage process – a tagger, a reviewer, a publisher and an internal review before it is published on our website. Those are unique people with no one person doing any two of those steps.Some tags are labeled “plot essential.” If those tags are applied, the storyline could be affected. People have to make that decision for themselves – whether or not to potentially affect the plot of the movie or TV show.What about reaction from movie studios and the movie industry at large?We’ve communicated with all the movie studios about what we are doing about how we make them money about how our system works and the reaction has been professional. So far the studios have not had any complaints.I’m not sure directors love the altering of their work by individuals but they also realize they don’t have any power to change what an individual does in their own home.This article is exclusive to Nasdaq.com.



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
News Headlines                           
                            
                                , Technology                           
                            
                                , Entrepreneurship                           
                            
                                , Software
















More from Benzinga



Subscribe

















Related Technology Articles




Subscribe







Comcast-Backed Virtual Reality Startup AltspaceVR Shuts Down


						7/28/2017 12:15 PM
					



How Facebook’s Move to Video Will Fundamentally Change Its Business


						7/28/2017 11:00 AM
					



Apple Discontinues iPod Shuffle and Nano


						7/27/2017 01:33 PM
					














Contributor:Benzinga
Market Analysis, FinTech



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



















































        
    Video Tapes & Discs Sales & Rentals - Utah Accredited Businesses

    









































Utah Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Video Tapes & Discs Sales & Rentals



                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in Utah

Video Tapes & Discs Sales & Rentals








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





utah
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location













Back to Map




Filter results





Are you looking for?


Video Equipment - Sales & Rentals


Video Equipment - Service & Repair


Video Equipment - Supplies & Parts


Video Production Services


Videographers


Videotape, CD, & DVD Duplication & Transfer Services


Show More...




by City / Location:


Provo, UT




by Content:


View Listings with Coupons & Special Offers







Results for:
Video Tapes & Discs Sales & Rentals
    
           in Utah







BBB








 



Sponsored


					Vidangel, Inc.


251 N University Ave Provo, UT 84601


760-933-8437   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote











Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map




















Filter by Business Name





X





















×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email













 







VidAngel Inc. : Articles :: Law360


































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













VidAngel Inc.


 News & Case Alert  on VidAngel Inc.



Services » Movie Production, Theaters » VidAngel Inc.







Alert me of new articles

Menu options for VidAngel Inc. 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Sections


Appellate (5)
California (10)
Commercial Contracts (1)
Competition (1)
Corporate (1)
Intellectual Property (11)
Legal Industry (1)
Media & Entertainment (10)
Technology (2)
Top News (1)







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel













Search News


















News (12)


June  8, 2017
Disney Suit Seeks To ‘Gut’ Family Movie Act, 9th Circ. Hears
...VidAngel urged the Ninth Circuit on Thursday to overturn an injunction secured by Disney and three...


February  9, 2017
Disney Warns 9th Circ. Of 'Absurd Results' In VidAngel Case
... that movie filtering service VidAngel Inc. is protected by the obscure Family Movie Act.

The studio is...


January 30, 2017
VidAngel Blasts Copyright Defeat At 9th Circ.
...VidAngel Inc. kicked off an appeal to the Ninth Circuit on Friday of a ruling that the movie...


January  6, 2017
VidAngel Held In Contempt For Flouting Copyright Injunction
...A California federal judge on Friday held streaming service VidAngel, which allows users to edit...


January  5, 2017
9th Circ. Rejects VidAngel's Emergency Stay Bid
... Wednesday refused an emergency motion that would have allowed VidAngel Inc. to continue to operate while it...


December 21, 2016
The Top 10 Copyright Rulings Of 2016 
... Circuit.

9. Disney Enterprises Inc. et al v. VidAngel Inc.

The California federal judge’s December...


December 21, 2016
Studios Say VidAngel Is Ignoring Copyright Injunction
... streaming service VidAngel, which allows users to edit films to remove nudity and violence, is &ldquo...


December 19, 2016
Film Studios Say VidAngel's Antitrust Claim A 'Distraction'
...The major Hollywood film studios on Monday slammed claims by VidAngel that the web service &mdash...


December 13, 2016
Hollywood Studios Shut Down Streaming Site VidAngel
... VidAngel, which allows users to edit films to remove nudity and violence.

Siding with Disney, Warner Bros...


November 14, 2016
VidAngel Says Family Film Law Is Shield In Disney’s IP Row
...VidAngel, a home video service that streams films with what some consumers consider to be...


August 31, 2016
The Top In-House Hires Of August
... and a shareholder at Howard & Howard Attorneys PLLC in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.

VidAngel Inc...


June  6, 2014
How TS Tech Impacted The Northern District Of Calif.
... Video Color Corp., No. No. 3:13-cv-03307-SI (Oct. 9, 2013) (granting motion to transfer); Vidangel LLC v...



	Show: 2050100200















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















VidAngel | Watch Movies However The BLEEP You Want