

How To Market A New Product Successfully













































































Home


Top 50
How To
Magazine
Franchise 500
Spotlight







Subscribe





















How To
















			How To Market A New Product
		

				Start small and create a timeline for taking your product to national distribution.
			




Tamara Monosoff












How To
How to Become a Beauty Influencer
Jessica Abo

 




Motivation
Even If Your Goals Seem Out of Reach, Stay Motivated With These 6 Strategies
Stephen Key

 




worth-knowing
Chart Goals to Create a Road Map to Your Success
Natalie Bounassar

 




---Shares










					May 29, 2007
				


Free Webinar | August 16th
Find out how to optimize your website to give your customers experiences that will have the biggest ROI for your business.
							Register Now »

So you've invented the next great gadget, and you're sure it'll be a hit. In fact, you've got cartons of inventory stored in every room of your house that you're itching to sell, sell, sell. Your test market said they love it, but how can you reach the legions of consumers you're sure will want to buy it?Welcome to Sales 101. While there are countless books you can read about sales and marketing, here's a relatively simple, proven strategy that'll teach you how to market a product and grow your sales.Create a Sales PlanFirst, define your market as accurately as possible so you have a deeper understanding of exactly who you're selling to. For example, instead of all women, it may be working women with above-average incomes and kids under age 5. Instead of all men, it may be divorced men in their 40s with six-figure salaries. The more specific you get, the more accurately you'll be able to target your sales and marketing efforts, choosing the sales channels most receptive to your product.Next, you'll need to develop a sales plan. Before you groan, "Another plan," understand this can be a simple document for your eyes only that'll help you organize and think through your sales strategy. Write it in a way that makes sense for you. Typically, it should include the following:Sales goals: These goals should be specific and measurable, not something like selling a million units. Base them on the nature of your product and try to break them down into manageable parts. For example, sell 50 units to end-users in 30 days and sell 100 units to local independent retailers in six months.Sales activities: These are your tactics--how you plan to make the sale. You may say you'll sell direct-to-consumer through a website or via craft shows, for instance. Or this part of the plan may include activities like developing a sell sheet to send to independent retail stores.Target accounts: Your sales plan should also include the accounts you want to sell to. If it's end-users, for example, plan how you're going to reach them through eBay, classified ads or your website.Timelines: Put dates to all of the above elements so you can define your steps within a realistic timeline. Don't forget that your timelines should be fluid--if you're underachieving, your sales plan can help you figure out why and define the corrective steps you need to take.Finally, follow a proven process for growing sales over time. While it would be fabulous to have Wal-Mart carry your product right out of the gate, it may not be realistic. Most large retailers want to see a track record of successful sales before agreeing to take on a new product. Build Your MarketTo learn how to bring a product to market, begin by selling directly to end-users. This'll give you confidence that there's demand for your product and will also create referenceable customers that you can contact for product and packaging feedback before you hit the bigger leagues. So where can you reach your end-users?The web is one highly effective channel, and you can reach your market through your own website or via a site like eBay. You can also tap into your own personal network as you begin. Host a home party to share your product with friends and friends-of-friends, sell through local community groups and e-mail your network.Once you get feedback directly from your customers, refine the packaging and price point before approaching your next market--wholesalers. You'll probably start with small, independently owned, local stores. It's a good idea to start with them before hitting larger chain stores because it's easier to get in touch with the direct decision-maker, and they're more inclined to take on new, unique or hard-to-find items to differentiate themselves from larger stores. To sell to these retailers, be prepared and bring a product sell sheet, photos, product samples (if possible) and a succinct introductory letter to explain what's in it for them, highlighting your product's profit margin, features and benefits, and proven sales record.Expand to New MarketsOnce you've established sales strength with independent retailers and are ready to support new markets, it's time to sell to the big guns. Of course, exactly who those big guns are will depend on your product. For some, it's powerhouse general mass retailers, like Wal-Mart and Target, while other products will fit more specialized but equally powerful retailers, like Williams-Sonoma, The Sharper Image and Sephora.Note that when dealing with these major accounts, the sale is just the beginning of the deal. Handling fulfillment, returns, rollbacks, slotting fees, advertising and more will require strengthening your business's infrastructure and resources.But back to the sale. What's the best way to approach a larger retailer? Here's a quick cheat sheet:Get the correct buyer: One of your biggest challenges is finding the right buyer within a large organization, so do your homework. If you're experiencing roadblocks, consider hiring a distributor or manufacturer's rep who already has established relationships in your industry.Be prepared: Develop a presentation and have professional-looking sell sheets ready. Your product should also have packaging that's ready to go.Know your target: Understand what products they already carry and how yours will fit in. Don't waste your time pitching to a retailer who's unlikely to carry your product.Take advantage of special programs: Some mass retailers, such as Wal-Mart, have local purchase programs that give managers authority to try local items. And other retailers may have different initiatives, such as minority business programs.Be patient: It can take up to a year or longer before you see your product on store shelves, so don't get frustrated. And if the final answer is no, try to turn it into a learning experience.Finally, remember there are other sales channels besides the traditional brick-and-mortar retail store. Catalogs, TV shopping networks and online stores can also be excellent methods to enable you to learn how to market a product online.



Tamara Monosoff




 Tamara Monosoff is the author of Your Million Dollar Dream: Regain Control & Be Your Own Boss and The Mom Inventors Handbook, Secrets of Millionaire Moms, and co-author of The One Page Business Plan for Women in Business. She is also the a...
Read more







How To
Marketing
Finding Customers
Inventing
Starting a Business












Find the Right Franchise for You
Complete our short quiz to pinpoint your perfect franchise match.
Find Your Franchise





 












Skip Advertisement
			This ad will close in 15 seconds...
		






OK
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
















Stay Informed. Be Inspired.
Receive customized news, stories and solutions direct to your inbox. 
Enter your email





Invalid Email















VIE MARIETTA, DST - Commercial- Milam  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









VIE MARIETTA, DST

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Vie Management, Llc 80 Sw 8 Th Street, Suite 2500 
    Miami, FL, 33130Phone: 786-899-2954 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-14


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Derrick Milam 
 Executive 


 Harold A. Rosenblum 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














VIE MARIETTA, DST - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











VIE MARIETTA, DST
List of persons related to the company VIE MARIETTA, DST. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of VIE MARIETTA, DST.

CIK Number: 0001689810Company address: C/O VIE MANAGEMENT, LLC 80 SW 8TH STREET, SUITE 2500 MIAMI 33130Phone number: 786-899-2954



People related to VIE MARIETTA, DST
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMilam  Derrick80 SW 8th Street Suite 2500MiamiFLA. Rosenblum  Harold80 SW 8th Street Suite 2500MiamiFL




VIE MARIETTA, DST on the Web
Related companiesVie Active, LLC, Viera Investments, LLC, Vierville Capital, LLC, VIESF V Advisors Group LLC, Vieste Biogas Holdings LLC, Vieste Group, LLC, Vietcombank Fund Management, Vietnam Mining Corp, Vieux Coulee Investments, LLC, View IQ, Inc., View Ridge Capital International, Ltd., View Ridge Capital Partners, LP, View The Space, Inc., View The Space, LLC, View Wardrobe LLC












 








VIE MARIETTA, DST $5,080,073 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











VIE MARIETTA, DST $5,080,073 Financing
VIE MARIETTA, DST just submitted form D announcing $5,080,073 equity financing.  This is a new filing. VIE MARIETTA, DST was able to sell $0. That is 0% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $5,080,073. The financing was made by 0 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $25,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-11-14. VIE MARIETTA, DST is based in  C/O VIE MANAGEMENT, LLC 80 SW 8TH STREET, SUITE 2500 MIAMI 33130. The firm's business is Commercial. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  Harold Rosenblum.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001689810




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


X
Other (Specify)


A Delaware Statutory Trust

Name of Issuer
VIE MARIETTA, DST
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


  
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)



X
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
VIE MARIETTA, DST

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


C/O VIE MANAGEMENT, LLC
80 SW 8TH STREET, SUITE 2500


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


MIAMI
FLORIDA
33130
786-899-2954


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Rosenblum
Harold
A.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


80 SW 8th Street
Suite 2500


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Miami
FLORIDA
33130



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Milam
Derrick


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


80 SW 8th Street
Suite 2500


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Miami
FLORIDA
33130



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




X
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


  
Rule 506(b)


X
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale

X
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$25,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
  
None



Monarch Bay Securities, LLC
141391



(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



None
None


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


898 N. Sepulveda Blvd
Suite 475


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code


El Segundo
CALIFORNIA
90245



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



ALASKA
ARIZONA
CALIFORNIA
COLORADO
CONNECTICUT
FLORIDA
GEORGIA
ILLINOIS
IOWA
LOUISIANA
MARYLAND
MASSACHUSETTS
MINNESOTA
NEVADA
NEW JERSEY
NEW MEXICO
NEW YORK
OHIO
OREGON
PENNSYLVANIA
RHODE ISLAND
TEXAS
UTAH
VIRGINIA
WASHINGTON



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$5,080,073

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$5,080,073

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$355,605

USD

X
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


VIE MARIETTA, DST
HAROLD ROSENBLUM
HAROLD ROSENBLUM
CEO OF VIEW MANAGEMENT, LLC
2016-11-10


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




VIE MARIETTA, DST Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-14New Form D$5,080,073Yet To Sell$5,080,073$25,000006c[view]
VIE MARIETTA, DST List of ExecutivesDerrick Milam, Harold Rosenblum











Last visited: ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS INSTITUTIONAL, L.P., ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL, L.P., ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS INSTITUTIONAL EURO LTD, ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS MULTI-STRATEGY LTD, ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS, L.P.

								© 
							


































 



 1031 Crowdfunding Offering Student Housing DST to 1031 Exchangers 
         










    










 













 











 



















1031 Crowdfunding Offering Student Housing DST to 1031 Exchangers
        														
              











 News provided by
1031 Crowdfunding, LLC  
Sep 28, 2016, 16:00 ET









 Share this article



























































LAKE FOREST, Calif., Sept. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- 1031 Crowdfunding, LLC announced today that Campus Edge, DST will soon be available to 1031 exchange investors through a strategic partnership by 1031 Crowdfunding and Vie Management.  


Campus Edge, DST is an investment in Campus Edge, an approximately 82,000 square foot complex with 120 units of 1, 2, or 4-bedroom apartments, offering 170 beds to students. Campus Edge is located adjacent to Kennesaw State University Marietta Campus in Marietta, GA. The property was built in 1983 and renovated in 2015. The property features new wood-style flooring, resort-style swimming pool, lounge deck, fire pit, dog park, game room, cyber-tech lounge, and a walkway leading directly to KSU. 
Sponsoring Campus Edge, DST is Vie Management. Vie Management is a privately owned real estate investment company specializing in the acquisition, financing and ownership of institutional grade, income producing multifamily housing for its own account and on behalf of its investors. Headquartered in Miami, FL, in the last 15 years, Vie Management has owned or managed student housing properties valued in excess of $750 million, comprising over 15,000 beds in 13 states at 21 different universities.
"At Vie Management we believe crowdfunding is the future of equity allocation in real estate," said Vie Management Chief Executive Officer, Ari Rosenblum. "Additionally, as has occurred across other asset classes, people are less willing than ever to pay high fees for access to investment products.  With this in mind, we have been looking closely at the various crowdfunding platforms over the past several years to find an opportunity to align ourselves with a group that would both be able to raise substantial equity to fund our typical deal size and understand our unique, value-add approach to student housing.  1031 Crowdfunding stood out because of their approach to raising equity and their understanding of real estate. We are excited about our partnership with 1031 Crowdfunding, and we are looking forward to growing together with them. 1031 Crowdfunding is pioneering the "low load" equity raise model that we believe is the key to attracting investor interest now and in the future." 
"Our mission is to change the industry when it comes to the cost associated with DST transactions," said 1031 Crowdfunding Founder and CEO, Edward Fernandez. "A strategic partnership with Vie Management allows us to do that and will be accretive to the exchangers investing with our strategic partnership with Vie Management. With the extensive experience Vie Management has in student housing and with student housing becoming a core asset class, we feel this strategic partnership will benefit both parties. 1031 Crowdfunding will provide the equity from the investors and Vie Management will provide a core, turn-key, strong student housing asset for those investors."
Campus Edge, DST has an equity offering amount of approximately $5 million with a loan-to-value ratio of 58.45% and a first year cash-on-cash yield of 7.0%. 
For more information, visit www.1031Crowdfunding.com or call (844) 533-1031.
About 1031 Crowdfunding, LLC
1031 Crowdfunding provides a range of quality properties for investors seeking a 1031 exchange through a Delaware Statutory Trust. With a compliant online investment platform, investors research opportunities, make investments with ease, and receive monthly updates. 1031 Crowdfunding was founded by Edward Fernandez along with Alfred Pizzurro, and William Erickson, aggregating 120 years of their combined experience in the securities and real estate markets.
This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/1031-crowdfunding-offering-student-housing-dst-to-1031-exchangers-300335882.html
SOURCE  1031 Crowdfunding, LLC  Related Links

http://www.1031Crowdfunding.com




 

















Jun 01, 2016, 13:43 ET
Preview: 1031 Crowdfunding, LLC Engages Monarch Bay Securities, LLC as New Broker Dealer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
1031 Crowdfunding Offering Student Housing DST to 1031 Exchangers


 News provided by
1031 Crowdfunding, LLC  
Sep 28, 2016, 16:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 






VIE ENTERPRISES, LLC, 0686444 | Georgia-register.com














































VIE ENTERPRISES, LLC
PO Box 12381, Atlanta, GA, 30355


















 
+
0
-



VIE ENTERPRISES, LLC is an entity registered at Georgia with company number 0686444. Company is incorporated on10th October 2006. Current status of the company is Admin. Dissolved. The company's registered agent is BUSINESS FILINGS INCORPORATED, 1201 PEACHTREE STREET, N.E., ATLANTA, GA, 30361
Company information


Company name
VIE ENTERPRISES, LLC


Address
PO Box 12381, Atlanta, GA, 30355


Status
Admin. Dissolved


Company number
0686444


Company type
Domestic Limited Liability Company


Home state
Georgia


Incorporation Date
10th October 2006


Dissolved Date
12th September 2010



					Registered Agent
					
					
					
				


Name
BUSINESS FILINGS INCORPORATED


Address
1201 PEACHTREE STREET, N.E., ATLANTA, GA, 30361








All data on website has informational character only and are taken from publicly available sources.
Related companies

VIE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LLC
VIE GLOBAL RESOURCES INC
VIE GROUP LLC
Vie Marietta Manager, LLC
Vie Marietta MT, LLC
Vie Marietta ST, LLC
VIE MUSIQUE STUDIO CORPORATION
VIE NOUVELLE INTERNATIONAL, INC.
VIE PROPERTIES, INC
Vie Savannah Manager, LLC


Vie DST Management, LLC
Vie DST Investments, LLC
Vie de Star LLC
Vie de Star LLC
VIE DE FRANCE YAMAZAKI, INC.
VIE DE FRANCE CORPORATION
VIE DE FRANCE BAKERY CORPORATION
VIE CONSULTING INC.
VIE CONSTRUCTION LLC
Vie Beauty llc 

Similar company number

OLDE SCHOOL PLAZA, INC.
HOOT OWL PLANTATION, LLC
DULUTH AUTO MOTORS, INC. 
THE BERNARD EVANS FOUNDATION INC.
ADVANCED AVIATION PRODUCTS, LLC
R&D FITNESS GROUP, INC.
E. D FINANCIAL SERVICE INC
ALEXANDER ONLINE MEDIA INCORPORATED
SUSAN K. SCOTT, LLC
PRONTOWASH GEORGIA INC.


CHAPEL PARK AT BERWICK HOME OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
E & L BUILDERS L.L.C.
ANDCOR ENTERPRISES LLC
BROWN DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, LLC
HALO A SALON & SPA LLC
ATLANTA SERVICES INC.
B & E INVESTMENTS, LLC
TSO VISTA CENTRE, LP
NINE.ONE.TWO, INC.
COLUMBIA AT SYLVAN HILLS STATE CREDIT PARTNER, LLC





















1031 Crowdfunding Offering Student Housing DST to 1031 ExchangersHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseball1031 Crowdfunding Offering Student Housing DST to 1031 ExchangersPR NewswireSeptember 28, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareLAKE FOREST, Calif., Sept. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- 1031 Crowdfunding, LLC announced today that Campus Edge, DST will soon be available to 1031 exchange investors through a strategic partnership by 1031 Crowdfunding and Vie Management.  Campus Edge, DST is an investment in Campus Edge, an approximately 82,000 square foot complex with 120 units of 1, 2, or 4-bedroom apartments, offering 170 beds to students. Campus Edge is located adjacent to Kennesaw State University Marietta Campus in Marietta, GA. The property was built in 1983 and renovated in 2015. The property features new wood-style flooring, resort-style swimming pool, lounge deck, fire pit, dog park, game room, cyber-tech lounge, and a walkway leading directly to KSU. Sponsoring Campus Edge, DST is Vie Management. Vie Management is a privately owned real estate investment company specializing in the acquisition, financing and ownership of institutional grade, income producing multifamily housing for its own account and on behalf of its investors. Headquartered in Miami, FL, in the last 15 years, Vie Management has owned or managed student housing properties valued in excess of $750 million, comprising over 15,000 beds in 13 states at 21 different universities."At Vie Management we believe crowdfunding is the future of equity allocation in real estate," said Vie Management Chief Executive Officer, Ari Rosenblum. "Additionally, as has occurred across other asset classes, people are less willing than ever to pay high fees for access to investment products.  With this in mind, we have been looking closely at the various crowdfunding platforms over the past several years to find an opportunity to align ourselves with a group that would both be able to raise substantial equity to fund our typical deal size and understand our unique, value-add approach to student housing.  1031 Crowdfunding stood out because of their approach to raising equity and their understanding of real estate. We are excited about our partnership with 1031 Crowdfunding, and we are looking forward to growing together with them. 1031 Crowdfunding is pioneering the "low load" equity raise model that we believe is the key to attracting investor interest now and in the future." "Our mission is to change the industry when it comes to the cost associated with DST transactions," said 1031 Crowdfunding Founder and CEO, Edward Fernandez. "A strategic partnership with Vie Management allows us to do that and will be accretive to the exchangers investing with our strategic partnership with Vie Management. With the extensive experience Vie Management has in student housing and with student housing becoming a core asset class, we feel this strategic partnership will benefit both parties. 1031 Crowdfunding will provide the equity from the investors and Vie Management will provide a core, turn-key, strong student housing asset for those investors."Campus Edge, DST has an equity offering amount of approximately $5 million with a loan-to-value ratio of 58.45% and a first year cash-on-cash yield of 7.0%. For more information, visit www.1031Crowdfunding.com or call (844) 533-1031.About 1031 Crowdfunding, LLC1031 Crowdfunding provides a range of quality properties for investors seeking a 1031 exchange through a Delaware Statutory Trust. With a compliant online investment platform, investors research opportunities, make investments with ease, and receive monthly updates. 1031 Crowdfunding was founded by Edward Fernandez along with Alfred Pizzurro, and William Erickson, aggregating 120 years of their combined experience in the securities and real estate markets.This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/1031-crowdfunding-offering-student-housing-dst-to-1031-exchangers-300335882.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoNever Buy Options [Do This Instead]Investing DailySponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersHuman Barbie Takes Off Make Up, Drs Are SpeechlessKiwi ReportSponsored9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo FinanceMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beThe Most Extravagant Muslim Women In The World...www.hooch.netSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTrump to sign Russia sanctions, Moscow retaliatesReutersTrump replaces chief of staff Reince Priebus with homeland security chief John KellyDanielle: This "presidency" is out of control.  Mueller...please bring this travesty to a stop, soon!Join the Conversation1 / 59.5k








