






Products – Aqua View, Inc.



















































































Skip to content


(714) 485-5904aquaviewinc@gmail.com Login

$0.000



No products in the cart.


Subtotal: $0.00

View Cart
Checkout




My Account Order tracking Shop Menu 



Aqua View, Inc.
Results You Can See

Home Products Find A Dealer Near You Shop News Distributors FAQ Contact Team Investors 
FacebookTwitterRss




Home Products Find A Dealer Near You Shop News Distributors FAQ Contact Team Investors 




Products







RV
BOAT
RESIDENTIAL
COMMERCIAL





























   View Inc. - Dynamic Glass Enabled by Nanotechnology - Nanalyze                                                             NanalyzeInvesting in Emerging Technologies      View Inc. – Dynamic Glass Enabled by Nanotechnology September 13, 2014 by Nanalyze Leave a Comment  Tweet4 Share Share8 Reddit +1 BufferShares 12Nanotechnology has great promise, but also is prone to great hype. Oftentimes, very futuristic applications are touted as viable for investors but are still many years away from commercialization. Smart glass however, is one nanotechnology application that has already been commercialized and is beginning to ramp up for some tremendous growth. According to a research report by MarketsandMarkets, the smart glass market was worth $1.5 billion in 2013, and is expected to reach $5.8 billion by 2020, a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of +20% from 2014 to 2020. One of the largest potential applications for smart glass is for use in commercial buildings. With roughly 40% of all energy generated in the industrialized world being consumed by buildings, it is not being used in a very efficient manner. According to Energy Star, the average commercial building wastes about 30% of its energy. One startup, View Inc., is looking to address this problem.      About Founded in 2006, Milpitas California based View Inc. has taken in just over $300 million in funding so far from investors such as Khosla Ventures, GE Capital, and Corning which also announced a strategic collaboration with View along with leading a $60 million investing round. This is significant considering that Corning has traditionally spent the majority of their R&D budget in-house, and that they have a good eye for potential growth products such as “gorilla glass“, a product which went from zero to $1 billion in revenues in just 7 years. Dynamic Glass View’s technology takes a nanoscale metal oxide film that is completely transparent and layers this on a normal window. By then applying a tiny electrical charge, the ions move between layers, changing the structure and tinting the glass. It’s not just dynamic glass that View sells, it’s an entire system, which is capable of tinting windows on demand via wall switches, smart phones, or via an intelligent algorithm that predicts the movement of the sun. The entire window system for a commercial building can then be controlled and monitored from a single computer.  According to an article by Forbes, View’s dynamic glass will costs builders about 50% more per square foot than standard architectural glass, however they can then install smaller heating and air conditioning systems. This will result in up to a 25% reduction in HVAC energy consumption and 30% reduction in peak load and also eliminates the need for window blinds. According to an article by Fortune, CEO Rao Mulpuri estimates that View can capture 10% of the 25 billion square foot annual window glass market, an estimated $100 billion opportunity. View began large-scale commercialization of their dynamic glass in 2012. View’s glass is currently being used by organizations such as NASA, the San Francisco International Airport, The Marine Corps, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, DoubleTree, and the California Energy Commission among others. In a future article, we will take a look at a publicly traded small-cap company, Research Frontiers, that is competing with View Inc. but in the transportation sector, and which may provide retail investors some pure-play exposure to the smart glass growth market. Worried about transaction costs when you're buying stocks every month? Ally charges just $4.95 a trade which is one of the cheapest prices of any broker out there. Saving money makes sense.  Tweet4 Share Share8 Reddit +1 BufferShares 12 Related Articles:   Investing in Smart Glass with Research Frontiers  Is Smart Glass a Smart Investment Yet?  Nano Enabled Silicon Anodes from Nexeon  Magic Leap is What Happened to Google Glass          Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *  Email *  Website  If you'd like to receive follow-up comments via e-mail, select an option below. You can choose to receive an email for any new comment, or only for replies to your comment. Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments                   Subscribe to Weekly Digest  Never miss another article. Subscribe for free!  Email  NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.                Connect with Nanalyze FacebookLinkedinRSSTwitter Trending Articles 30 Emerging Technologies You Need to Know About4 Companies Using Deep Learning for Drug Discovery9 Hot Cybersecurity StartupsAn Artificial Intelligence Definition for BeginnersDeep Learning And Machine Learning Simply Explained     Subscribe to the Nanalyze Weekly Digest Subscribe to our Nanalyze Weekly Digest to receive a summary of all articles every week.  We’ll never use your email for anything other than sending you great articles about investing in disruptive technologies.     Email  CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.               This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.      12 Shares Tweet4 Share Share8 Reddit +1 Buffer          







View, Inc. | California in the NanoEconomy



























  

Jump to Content












Search form 
Search 





 
 
 




 










HomeOverviewWebsite OverviewLocation Pagesclose this panelValue ChainNanoscale MaterialsNanoscale IntermediatesNano-Enabled Final ProductsTools, Equipment, MachinerySupport Stakeholder Groupsclose this panelProfilesFirm ProfilesSupporting Organization Profilesclose this panelMapsValue Chain Mappingclose this panelEducation & WorkforcePublic PolicyEconomic DevelopmentRisk & Safetyclose this panelCompetitiveness IndicatorsSupportFundingParticipants / FirmsBenchmarking Strategiesclose this panelResourcesContact Us 






You are hereHome » View, Inc.





View, Inc.











 Company Background
View (formerly Soladigm, Inc.) manufactures View Dynamic Glass, an intelligent glass system for buildings. The company’s energy-efficient Dynamic Glass transitions between clear and tinted on demand, resulting in significant cost savings, environmental benefits, and quality of life enhancements. View is headquartered in Milpitas, California, with high-volume manufacturing facilities in Olive Branch, Mississippi. In 2012, the company has changed its name to View in order to better align with its strategic vision that a clear, uninterrupted view is the catalyst for a fundamental change in how people design and interact with buildings (1). View is based on technology developed at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and was founded in 2007 (2).
NanoDimension’s CEO, Aymeric Sallin stated after announcing financial assistance to View/Soladigm that  “the Soladigm team has demonstrated they can take a sophisticated nanotechnology from concept to industrial scale at a rapid pace, while delivering on product performance, durability and cost. Our interactions with award winning architectural institutions, leading real estate developers, and commercial builders reinforced our strong conviction in both the product and the company. As a result, has significantly increased its investment in this round of financing, and I look forward to helping guide the company’s exciting future (3).”
Suppliers and Buyers
View Dynamic Glass is well-suited for commercial buildings, homes, healthcare facilities, educational institutions, government facilities, skylights and atria, and hotels and restaurants. The Methodist Olive Branch Hospital in Olive Branch, Mississippi recently had Dynamic Glass installed in their lobby.  The architectural glass automatically transitions between clear and variable tint, providing control over the amount of light and heat entering a building. With View Dynamic Glass, there is no need for window coverings, curtains or shades (4).
Strategic Partnerships
$30 million of View’s financial backing was raised from venture capital firms Khosla Ventures and Sigma Partners.  Soladigm was also awarded a grant from the U.S. Department of Energy for $3.5 million from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (2).  In 2012, Reinet Investments and NanoDimension provided Soladgm with $55 million in Series D equity financing, which brought the total equity funding in the company to $125 million.  Other existing investors include DBL Investors, GE, Navitas Capital and The Westly Group (3).  In 2013, Corning led a $60 million funding round for View.  Bringing the total, as of June 2013, to $176.5 million in venture capital and debt as well as a $40 million loan and $4 million grant from the state of Mississippi. Corning and View also announced a strategic development agreement to advance View’s dynamic glass technology (5).
Innovation and Technology
View makes glass for structures that provides higher efficiency and an ability to change lighting level.  The glass uses an absorptive electrochromic technology based on tungsten-oxide. Through a Collaborative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA), Berkeley Lab scientist Andre Anders worked with Soladigm to characterize both the individual layers of the glass as well as the integrated device comprised of the combined layers. In 2008 Soladigm also licensed a reflective electrochromic technology developed by Berkeley Lab scientist Tom Richardson, which is expected to have higher performance and lower cost than first-generation dynamic windows (2).
The firm claims that in a typical commercial installation, annual HVAC and lighting energy consumption is reduced by 20 percent, while HVAC peak load is reduced by 25 percent (5).
Products
Dynamic Glass - High Efficiency Glass (1).
Sources
PR Newswire (2012, November 12).  “Soladigm Announces Commercial Readiness Of Its Dynamic Glass Product And Changes Company Name To View, Inc.” Retrieved on October 9, 2013 frommwww.prnewswire.com/news-releases/soladigm-announces-commercial-readiness-of-its-dynamic-glass-product-and-changes-company-name-to-view-inc-178856391.html
AZoNano (2010, October 12). “Berkeley Lab Technology Spawns Successful Start-up Companies.” Retrieved on October 9, 2013 from www.azonano.com/news.aspx?newsID=19958       
Business Wire (2012, June 25). “Soladigm Closes $55 Million in Equity Financing.” Retrieved on October 9, 2013 from www.businesswire.com/news/home/20120625005618/en/Soladigm-Closes-55-Million-Equity-Financing
Methodist Healthcare (2013, August 9). “Olive Branch Hospital Uses New Dynamic Glass From View Inc.” Retrieved on October 9, 2013 from www.methodisthealth.org/articles/olive-branch-hospital-uses-new-dynamic-glass-from-view-inc-
Greentech Media, Inc. (2013, June 18). “Corning Leads $60M VC Round for Windows With Tint Control.” Retrieved on October 9, 2013 from www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/Corning-Leads-60M-VC-Round-For-Windows-With-Tint-Control
 





 
 
 















© 2013 California in the NanoEconomy, All Rights Reserved.

 









B2B VR - View Inc. Uses VR to Demo Products at Trade Shows



















































































Groove Jonesvirtual reality. interactive. experiential. 360º creative. 




October 11, 2016View Glass Retains Groove Jones Again for New B2B VR Product Sales Tool







Companies Using VR as a B2B Sales and Marketing Tool at Trade Shows and Industry Conference Events

View Inc., a Silicon Valley Technology company, produces Dynamic Glass – a product and technology that is most impressive when you can walk into a building that has Dynamic Glass installed.

Not only does it reduce glare and eliminate the need for blinds or shades, it also protects occupants from the heat and glare of the sun. This can be a hard sell on a showroom floor if you can not walk a customer through a real life demo that showcases your key selling points.

What a fantastic sales tool. Thanks so much to you and the teamwork making this happen. I’ve visited Century Link and this is really just like being there. Fantastic!” – Mike Lane, Region Director – View, Inc.


Virtual Reality Puts You Inside the Sales Demo and Lets You Feel Your Surroundings
For the Greenbuild Conference in LA, View Inc. worked with Groove Jones on creating a sales tool that not only transports their customers into a virtual showroom, but it delivers dramatic 4d effects so they can feel how View Dynamic Glass reduces the heat.

This was accomplished by constructing a demo area on the trade show floor, where customers could sit down (or stand up) at a desk and once inside the VR headset, they are transported to an office setting located in New York or Los Angeles. You get to choose your location, this is VR.

The physical structure matches the VR environment, so when you touch the actual desk in front of you, it feels like you were in the CGI room.
Controlling the Sun, Weather and Time of Day
Customers are given a controller to change the weather conditions, time of day and season outside the windows. This gives the customer real-time control and feedback like nothing else. Put it in time-lapse mode and your see the sun rise and set outside your window. You see and feel the sun’s rays as it moves across the sky.

Feeling the Heat
Above the physical desk is a heat wall that powers up exactly where the sun’s position is in the VR world. Since View Dynamic Glass tints automatically in response to outdoor conditions reducing heat and glare, the customer immediately feels the benefits of Dynamic Glass.

The response is immediate and powerful. It truly positioned View as an innovative industry leader at the show. But this didn’t surprise the View Glass sales and marketing team. This was actually the second time View has hired Groove Jones to help them.
Initial Case Study Proves a Huge Success
Six months ago, View hired Groove Jones to create a VR tour of the Century Link building for the AIA 2016 Conference, the premier architecture and design event of the year put on by The American Institute of Architects
The Century Link building incorporates 37,000 square feet of View Dynamic Glass, making this facility the single largest installation of intelligent, electrochromic glass in the country.
Attendees of the conference, experienced a 360º VR tour with similar 4d effects.

After the AIA conference, the demand for a portable VR demo that the sales team could take into the field was incredible. So the team responded by outfitting every sales person with their own branded headset and VR kit. Regional offices were also outfitted with a heating wall demonstration kit.

Feel free to reach out to us if you have any questions about our capabilities and activation services.

Related Posts
View Inc. Demonstrates the Power of Dynamic Glass with VRZimmer Biomet Uses VR to Showcase their Medical…Pure Storage Uses Mobile VR Sales App to Drive…Taser International Uses VR to Ask Police Chiefs…
QUESTIONS?
Feel free to reach out.
Contact Us





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









       View, Inc. Patents  
                Product Patents         This page is provided to satisfy the virtual patent marking provisions of 35 U.S.C. 287(a) to provide notice of View's rights in the United States. The patents listed below are associated with View's products.   US 8,228,592 US 8,243,357 US 8,582,193 US 8,705,162 US 8,749,868 US 8,864,321 US 9,007,674 US 9,019,588 US 9,030,725 US 9,081,247 US 9,140,951 US 9,158,173 US 9,164,346 US 9,229,291 US 9,348,192 US 9,412,290 US 9,429,809 US 9,436,054 US 9,436,055 US 9,442,339 US 9,454,055 US 9,482,922 US 9,638,978 US 9,664,974 US 9,671,664                    
       Videos | View Dynamic Glass  
                Videos | View Dynamic Glass  Recent A - Z Installations Our Company Testimonials          Videos              435 Indio Smart Building        A More Intelligent Window        A New Skin for the Building        Buildings that Connect        CenturyLink Technology Center        CIRI Fireweed Business Center        Clovis Community Medical Center        Creating the Intelligent Windows of the Future        View Dynamic Glass Creates Delightful Human Environments        Denver Botanic Gardens        DPR Construction        Dwell on Design        Forbes Reinventing America Summit 2014        Helmerich Center for American Research        Hilton Universal City        Humber River Hospital        The Lake Union Building        Levi's Stadium        Making History with Dynamic Glass - Verge 2014        Methodist Olive Branch Hospital        Overstock.com Headquarters        View Completes Over $200M Financing Round        Rao Mulpuri on Bloomberg West        Simple Glazing        Skanska on the Value of View        Steamboat Christian Center        Talking Sustainability        The Lory Student Center at CSU        Umass Amherst Opens New Design Building with View Dynamic Glass        US Marine Corps Air Station        View CEO Rao Mulpuri at NASDAQ        View Customer Voices        View Dynamic Glass Intelligence        AIA 2016 - View Virtual Reality Experience        W Hotel San Francisco                      







Goldenline View, Inc. - Products


















 




























HomeContact UsAbout UsDirectionsProductsAffiliateBuy/Sell Notes




 


 Special Facebook Promotion  

 


 Like us on Facebook and get 10% off your next order.  







 
GO TO STORE!
 


 Contact Us Today!  
Contact Form
 


 Buy/Sell Notes?  







 
CLICK HERE TO CONTACT ME!
 


 Information  Goldenline View, Inc.
North Becker Ridge Road

Fairbanks, AK 99709

Phone: 9074795046
E-mail: info@goldenlineview.com 




















Goldenline View, Inc.

Goldenline View, Inc.







 STORE  






"Made In Alaska" Reversible Parka



( Sales tax and shipping costs not included )











"Made In Alaska" Reversible Parka


0.00 USD






Custom style reversible parka(s) sewn to your specifications, such as heavy/medium/light weight fabric, leather, fur, waterproof, any size (baby, children, male/female), any length, zipper/button front closure or pull over, trim/no trim, any style holiday/regular print/solid.






Custom style reversible parka(s) sewn to your specifications, such as heavy/medium/light weight fabric, leather, fur, waterproof, any size (baby, children, male/female), any length, zipper/button front closure or pull over, trim/no trim, any style holiday/regular print/solid.












001

Negotiable for variable Sizes and Fabrics



Small $50.00 USD
Medium $150.00 USD
Large $250.00 USD


















Add to cart


or














  


 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 


 godenline.deviantart.com 













                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 © Goldenline View, Inc.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page










↑












Call





E-mail





Directions






       Contact View Dynamic Glass  
                   Connect with us to learn more about View Dynamic Glass. We’d love to hear from you.            Support Contact   US/Canada: +1.855.478.8468 International: +1.408.263.9200 [email protected]   Sales Contact   +1.408.514.6512 [email protected]   Headquarters Contact   +1.408.263.9200 [email protected] View, Inc. - 195 S. Milpitas Blvd, Milpitas, CA 95035 Manufacturing - 12380 Kirk Rd, Olive Branch, MS 38654   Media Contact   Jeff Platón +1.408.493.1354 [email protected]     Get in Touch             We walk with you every step of the way             Design We’ll help you create the perfect fit View will help you implement dynamic glass including energy modeling and economics, and we can also connect you with customers who can share their installation experiences.        Energy Modeling Obtain energy analysis on your project View can provide custom energy modeling analysis to show how much energy your project can save per year for your specific climate. Our team is proficient in multiple building energy analysis software tools. We can also help your engineers incorporate dynamic glazing in your existing model to validate the savings yourselves.        Bid Process Reduce change orders and minimize cost Our experienced team will facilitate an accurate bid, thereby reducing change orders and minimizing potential cost overruns. View will provide guidance on key design decisions and help assure a quality installation.        Construction Drawings A diligent review for maximum efficiency View provides network architecture and cabling drawings, with final dimensions and complete bill of materials. We’ll review your own shop drawings, as well, to ensure you haven’t missed a critical pathway.        Installation Fast, trouble free and quality assured View provides training on glass and intelligence installation and will be with you every step of the way. Your assigned field project manager will handle all aspects of onsite troubleshooting and support. Our unique tools for testing dynamic glass and intelligence create a high-performance installation.        Programming Custom tailored automation and control The intelligence programming process is tailored to the individual needs and factors in nearby workspaces, glare control and much more. You pick the program, select the zones, and View will program the system and provide training for use.        Commissioning Test and fine-tune system configuration For the full length of your commissioning phase, we will fine-tune the system until we get it right. If space needs change, or zones need expanding, we’ll be there to facilitate the comfort and technical brilliance of View Dynamic Glass.        Customer Success Relentless commitment to quality View will come back out to your project to address any training needs, intelligence changes, or any issues that arise post-installation. Your dedicated project team member will take full ownership of any ongoing support. Get email support at [email protected] US/Canada: +1.855.478.8468  International: +1.408.263.9200                         
       Portfolio  
                     Featured  The Lory Student Center at CSU Fort Collins, CO       The Lory Student Center at CSU            Featured  CIRI Fireweed Business Center Anchorage, AK       CIRI Fireweed Business Center            Featured  The Anita and Truman Arnold Dining Commons Dallas, TX       The Anita and Truman Arnold Dining Commons            Featured  CenturyLink Technology Center Monroe, LA       CenturyLink Technology Center            Featured  Clovis Community Conference Center Clovis, CA       Clovis Community Conference Center                             Browse          Overstock.com Headquarters Workplace      Civica Cherry Creek Workplace      America Center II Workplace      CenturyLink Technology Center Workplace      Humber River Hospital Healthcare      The Lory Student Center at CSU Education      CIRI Fireweed Business Center Workplace      435 Indio Way Workplace      Helmerich Center for American Research Education      Roosevelt High School Education      Clovis Community Conference Center Healthcare      DPR Construction Headquarters Workplace      The Anita and Truman Arnold Dining Commons Education      Methodist Olive Branch Hospital Healthcare      Green Proving Ground Program 911 Federal Building Government      Hilton Universal City Hospitality      Crown Opera House Workplace      Kaiser Permanente Medical Office Healthcare      W Hotel Hospitality      Connor Group Headquarters Workplace      Marine Corps Air Station Government      NASA Sustainability Base Government      South Irving Library Education      The Curtis DoubleTree Hotel Hospitality                        
       Product  
                Product  Overview Intelligence Control Glass Energy                Tint on Command Choose a tint level to change your view.                       Tint on Command Choose a tint level to change your view.                          Control by Zone Custom window zones give you maximum control.   1   2   3          Control by Zone Custom window zones give you maximum control.   1   2   3             Let the Right Light In Control any window zone to optimize your space.   1   2   3          Let the Right Light In Control any window zone to optimize your space.   1   2   3                     How Intelligence Works      Glare Solar radiation and glare are reduced when the glass is tinted, creating a comfortable indoor climate for occupants.      Heat By admitting natural daylight and rejecting unwanted solar glare, View Dynamic Glass significantly reduces annual energy costs.      Daylighting Building inhabitants enjoy the benefits of natural sunlight, like improved mood and productivity.                    Intelligence Outside View Dynamic Glass is powered by a sophisticated intelligence engine that responds intuitively to outside conditions, day or night.                       Cloud Cover Predictive weather feeds and real-time sensors anticipate and respond to cloud cover. This allows maximum daylight to flood workspaces on overcast days.    Cloud Cover Predictive weather feeds and real-time sensors anticipate and respond to cloud cover. This allows maximum daylight to flood workspaces on overcast days.      Always On Day in and day out, View Intelligence will run your glass tint states for you. Using algorithms that include year, month, date, and time, it is continuously working to bring comfort to your space.    Always On Day in and day out, View Intelligence will run your glass tint states for you. Using algorithms that include year, month, date, and time, it is continuously working to bring comfort to your space.      Angle of the Sun Pulling information from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, View is able to predict the angle of the sun on a particular date and time. When the sun changes angles in fall or winter, View Intelligence will block unwanted glare.    Angle of the Sun Pulling information from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, View is able to predict the angle of the sun on a particular date and time. When the sun changes angles in fall or winter, View Intelligence will block unwanted glare.      Latitude and Longitude Where is your building located on Earth and how will the sun’s glare change throughout the year? View’s Intelligence knows.    Latitude & Longitude Where is your building located on Earth and how will the sun’s glare change throughout the year? View’s Intelligence knows.      Architectural details View Intelligence accounts for architectural features of the building such as overhangs. These details are factored in to the algorithm, customizing the tint conditions for your space.    Architectural details View Intelligence accounts for architectural features of the building such as overhangs. These details are factored in to the algorithm, customizing the tint conditions for your space.                Intelligence Outside View Dynamic Glass is powered by a sophisticated intelligence engine that responds intuitively to outside conditions, day or night.       Cloud Cover Predictive weather feeds and real-time sensors anticipate and respond to cloud cover. This allows maximum daylight to flood workspaces on overcast days.      Always On Day in and day out, View Intelligence will run your glass tint states for you. Using algorithms that include year, month, date, and time, it is continuously working to bring comfort to your space.      Angle of the Sun Pulling information from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, View is able to predict the angle of the sun on a particular date and time. When the sun changes angles in fall or winter, View Intelligence will block unwanted glare.      Latitude & Longitude Where is your building located on Earth and how will the sun’s glare change throughout the year? View’s Intelligence knows.      Architectural details View Intelligence accounts for architectural features of the building such as overhangs. These details are factored in to the algorithm, customizing the tint conditions for your space.              Intelligence Inside Experience the inherent comfort that transforms your indoor experience when you can customize daylight.                    Glare Comfort first. The Glare Control Module is one of the three cores of the engine. By calculating the geometry of direct glare on a workspace, the View Intelligence Engine brings comfort to your room.    Glare Comfort first. The Glare Control Module is one of the three cores of the engine. By calculating the geometry of direct glare on a workspace, the View Intelligence Engine brings comfort to your room.      Daylighting Let light in. As tint states change, the Daylighting Control Module maximizes daylight while minimizing both heat and glare.    Daylighting Let light in. As tint states change, the Daylighting Control Module maximizes daylight while minimizing both heat and glare.      Light Sensors Weather-ready. Photo sensors on this weather mast are facing East, South, and West. It can detect clear skies and cloud cover, and glass tint then responds to weather.    Light Sensors Weather-ready. Photo sensors on this weather mast are facing East, South, and West. It can detect clear skies and cloud cover, and glass tint then responds to weather.      Heat Energy savings. By using algorithms to calculate the theoretical energy of the sun, the Heat Control Module runs calculations to determine how much solar heat to block to stay below a specified threshold.    Heat Energy savings. By using algorithms to calculate the theoretical energy of the sun, the Heat Control Module runs calculations to determine how much solar heat to block to stay below a specified threshold.                  Intelligence Inside Experience the inherent comfort that transforms your indoor experience when you can customize daylight.       Glare Comfort first. The Glare Control Module is one of the three cores of the engine. By calculating the geometry of direct glare on a workspace, the View Intelligence Engine brings comfort to your room.      Daylighting Let light in. As tint states change, the Daylighting Control Module maximizes daylight while minimizing both heat and glare.      Light Sensors Weather-ready. Photo sensors on this weather mast are facing East, South, and West. It can detect clear skies and cloud cover, and glass tint then responds to weather.      Heat Energy savings. By using algorithms to calculate the theoretical energy of the sun, the Heat Control Module runs calculations to determine how much solar heat to block to stay below a specified threshold.           The New Power Window Control View Dynamic Glass from anywhere, create schedules, track energy efficiency and manage entire buildings with our mobile app.   Mobile App Guide: Android Mobile App Guide: iOS             Inside the Glass          Solar Deflection The darker the tint, the more solar radiation and glare are rejected.    Solar Deflection The darker the tint, the more solar radiation and glare are rejected.       Smart Layers Multiple thin layers of metal oxide form the electrochromic ceramic coating on the inside of the glass.    Smart Layers Multiple thin layers of metal oxide form the electrochromic ceramic coating on the inside of the glass.       Electrical Voltage When a tiny electrical voltage is applied to the glass, then ions move between layers, changing its structure, and tinting the glass.    Electrical Voltage When a tiny electrical voltage is applied to the glass, then ions move between layers, changing its structure, and tinting the glass.                      Energy Efficiency       Reduce annual energy consumption Use of View Dynamic Glass reduces electricity consumption by an average of 20 percent.     Peak load reduction Compared to standard low-e glazing, View Dynamic Glass can reduce the building's cooling peak load by up to 23 percent - passing cost savings to owners.          Take a Closer Look             View Dynamic Glass: A More Intelligent Window        SFO Airport Selects View Dynamic Glass        Overstock.com Selects View Dynamic Glass for New Corporate Campus        Dynamic Windows Give CenturyLink Employees a Clear Source of Inspiration        Whitepaper: Energy Benefits of View Dynamic Glass in Workplaces                                                  
       View Dynamic Glass | Intelligent Windows with Electrochromic Glass  
                    View Completes Over $200M Financing Round with $70M Investment from BlackRock   Watch Video    View Completes Over $200M Financing Round with $70M Investment from BlackRock          Overstock.com Headquarters   Watch Video    Overstock.com Headquarters          A more intelligent window   Watch Video    A more intelligent window          “Glass with an IQ”.   Watch Video    “Glass with an IQ”.                Explore          What's New        San Francisco International Airport Selects View Dynamic Glass News & Press Releases      View Completes Over $200M Financing Round with $70M Investment from BlackRock News & Press Releases      Umass Amherst Opens New Design Building with View Dynamic Glass Newest Video           Windows that Adapt to You Tint on demand, with an easy to use app, and four tint levels.           Tint on demand, with an easy to use app, and four tint levels.         Master of Light   View Dynamic Glass adjusts throughout the day to optimize the indoor climate and the outside view.     6:00am   Tint 1     Tint 1     7:00am   Tint 1     Tint 2     8:00am   Tint 1     Tint 3     10:00am   Tint 2     Tint 4     11:00am   Tint 3     Tint 4     12:00pm   Tint 4     Tint 4     2:00pm   Tint 4     Tint 3     4:00pm   Tint 4     Tint 3     7:00pm   Tint 3     Tint 2     8:00pm   Tint 2     Tint 2     9:00pm   Tint 2     Tint 1     10:00pm   Tint 1     Tint 1     11:00pm   Tint 1     Tint 1       Windows tint automatically to achieve the optimal amount of daylight based on environmental conditions.         All Day Comfort View Dynamic Glass creates more comfortable, productive, and energy efficient environments that help people thrive.    Before    After     View Dynamic Glass creates more comfortable, productive, and energy efficient environments that help people thrive.         20% Energy Savings Reduce energy consumption, especially during peak loads.          Reduce energy consumption, especially during peak loads.      Human Capital Accounts for Over 90% of a Company’s Operating Costs Daylight makes people more productive.          Daylight makes people more productive.      Reduced Energy Consumption View Dynamic Glass reduces electricity consumption by an average of 20 percent.          View Dynamic Glass reduces electricity consumption by an average of 20 percent.                  Building the Future         CenturyLink Technology Center Monroe, LA        CIRI Fireweed Business Center Anchorage, AK        Humber River Hospital Toronto, ON, Canada        Helmerich Center for American Research Tulsa, OK        The Anita and Truman Arnold Dining Commons Dallas, TX        The Lory Student Center at CSU Fort Collins, CO        Clovis Community Conference Center Monroe, LA                      Building the Future Explore projects featuring View Dynamic Glass.         Overstock.com Headquarters Workplace      CenturyLink Technology Center Workplace      Humber River Hospital Healthcare      Helmerich Center for American Research Education      CIRI Fireweed Business Center Workplace      The Lory Student Center at CSU Education      Clovis Community Conference Center Healthcare            This is Our View We're a Silicon Valley company that's changing the face of building design.           Overstock.com Headquarters        View Dynamic Glass Intelligence        Creating the Intelligent Windows of the Future          View Customer Voices             Recent Buzz                High-tech Brings its Smarts to Buildings Green Building to Surge Amid New LEDs and Smart Windows              View Raises $150 Million to Accelerate Market Expansion of Dynamic Glass America’s Greatest Inventors Don’t Dream Up Novel Ideas — They Execute On Old Ones How View Is Reinventing Your Windows A Startup Shows Off ‘Smart Windows’ in San Francisco Hotel The Military’s Green Tech Strategy, Part 2 Why the Military Hates Fossil Fuels, Part 1 12 Energy Projects to Watch in 2012 GE Picks First Dozen Smart-Grid Ecomagination Winners Smart Window Maker Soladigm To Manufacture In Mississippi-Grid Ecomagination Winners              Smart glass offers window of opportunity for View First look: environmental entrepreneur Paul Hawken’s long-awaited new book 10 leading sustainability innovations              Can Internet-connected windows boost productivity? New Zealand Just Invested Millions into a Startup Making Smart Windows Windows That Keep Out the Sun Without Blinds 10 Questions: Rao Mulpuri, CEO, View              A Revolution In Glass Technology Could Boost Your Mood Inside The Office Artful Intelligence: How “Smart Windows” and “Dynamic Glass” Can Save Energy              9 sustainable solutions you will see in the future 5 Smart Trends to Watch in Commercial Lighting View is a founding partner of the USGBC-NCC Building Health Initiative              Blinds seem downright medieval when you can dim your windows with an app              Tech and policy can make Bill Gates’ ‘energy miracle’ a reality Smart Glass Maker View Raises $150M              View is Raising New Funding to Expand Its ‘Smart Glass’ Business The Daily Startup: $100 Million Looks Nice for Tinted-Glass Company View The Daily Startup: Corning Backs Dynamic Glass Maker View                          





GLOBAL VIEWS | products | product categories

























login
|
Create Web Account
|














PRODUCTS
SHOWROOMS
SALES TEAM
LOCATE A RETAILER
BLOG
HOSPITALITY
CATALOGS




SESSION TIMEOUT

      Your session will timeout in two minutes due to inactivity. Click the OK button if you wish to continue
      your session.
    


OK

 






Ann Gish
Barbara Barry
DwellStudio
Julia Buckingham
MCFCHAN Collections
WILLIAMSBURG





Art Glass


Barware


Decanters


Drinkware


Serveware




Candleholders


Brass/Bronze


Ceramic


Crystal


Glass


Hurricanes/Lanterns


Iron


Nickel


Wood




Candles/Snuffers


Clear Glass


Decorative Items


Accent Pieces


Animals


Bottles/Jars


Chargers/Plates 


Compotes/Bowls


Picture Frames


Plate Stands


Vases/Urns




Electrified Lighting


Accent Lamps


Floor Lamps


Pendants/Chandeliers


Sconces


Table Lamps




Furniture


Bedroom


Bookcases/Shelves


Cabinets/Chests


Media Cabinets


Pedestals




Mirrors


Office


Sculpture


Seating


Benches/Ottomans/Stools


Dining Chairs


Occasional Chairs


Sofas




Storage


Jewelry Boxes


Ladders


Magazine Caddies/Umbrella Stands


Storage Boxes




Tables


Bar


Cocktail


Console


Desk


Dining


End Table


Occasional




Textiles/Rugs


Rugs


Textiles




Trays


Wall Decor


Decorative Wall Objects


Wall Panels


Wall Sconces


Wall Shelves







Gift Guide











contact us
      | market dates
      | terms agreement
      | privacy policy
      | environmental statement
      | credit application
      | recipes
      | garage sale



Facebook



Twitter



Pinterest



Instagram




ART - your industry resource - join today
     | williamsburg marketplace



    ©2017 Global Views. All rights reserved.
  














ABOVE VIEW INC products, collections and more | Architonic






































































 




















Sign in

×


×



Sign up here

×



Newsletter


Jobs


Apply



 English  

English
Deutsch
Italiano
Español
Français























            Home          





            Profiles          





            Above View Inc          





























Above View Inc 











              Manufacturers 
              Milwaukee, United States            










Make request




                Catalogue              



                Dealer list              





Make contact



Address

Above View Inc  



          Address        

          4750 S. 10th Street        



          ZIP        

          53221        



          City        

          Milwaukee        



          Country        

          United States        

×
 

Telephone

Above View Inc  



          Phone        

          +1 414 744 7118        

×
 


                Email              


 Website 


Map

Above View Inc



×
 




Download here



 PDF Catalogue 



 


























About Above View Inc 





Our ceiling tiles are not only beautiful, but also environmentally friendly. Above View tiles are made of organic materials and are 100% recyclable. Built to last, our tiles endure the test of time.  Choose from over 80 unique designs ranging from traditional, geometric, and contemporary to the avant-garde. Tiles can be painted and customized to complement any design concept.  Each Above View ceiling tile is an
          … 
        






            More about Above View Inc            










Collections by Above View Inc




 





                  CONTEMPORARY TILE                















                  GEOMETRIC TILE                















                  TRADITIONAL TILE                



















Above View Inc products

















Above View Inc
Pyramid 4 Ceiling Tile





















Above View Inc
Pyramid Utility Ceiling Tile





















Above View Inc
Contemporary Coffer Ceiling Tile





















Above View Inc
Classic Panel Ceiling Tile





















Above View Inc
Platforms Ceiling Tile





















Above View Inc
Wedge Ceiling Tile





















Above View Inc
English Lamb's Tongue Center Rosette Ceiling Tile





















Above View Inc
Deco 2 - Square Ceiling Tile





















Above View Inc
Deco 1 - Circle Ceiling Tile











…









See all             









Catalogues by Above View Inc










                  01.2016                











Above View Product Catalogue 2016
Above View Inc
32 pages








































  Contact 
 Vision 
 Team 
 Social Media 
  Architonic Services 
 Online Shop Module 
 Architonic Digital Studio 
 Apps for mobile devices 
  Testimonials 
 Newsletter-Archive 
 Legal 
 Privacy 





            Subscribe newsletter          





 


Subscribe

×










Follow us

 
 


 
 






          Current user location United States. 
Change location



×















      REQUEST INFORMATION    



200
/en/microsite/above-view-inc/3105123









Products – Aqua View, Inc.














































































Skip to content


(714) 485-5904aquaviewinc@gmail.com Login

$0.000



No products in the cart.


Subtotal: $0.00

View Cart
Checkout




My Account Order tracking Shop Menu 



Aqua View, Inc.
Results You Can See

Home Products Find A Dealer Near You Shop News Distributors FAQ Contact Team Investors 
FacebookTwitterRss




Home Products Find A Dealer Near You Shop News Distributors FAQ Contact Team Investors 




Products









	Showing 1–10 of 15 results



Default sorting
Sort by popularity
Sort by average rating
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low












AVLTW = Aqua View Life Time Warranty

$5.00
Add to cart












SMC001 Chrome SHOWERMI$ER Unit for RV’s & Boats

$59.95
Add to cart












SMB001 Brushed Nickel SHOWERMI$ER Unit for RV’s & Boats

$59.95
4 out of 5Add to cart












SMZ001 Oil Rubbed Bronze SHOWERMI$ER Unit for RV’s & Boats

$59.95
Add to cart












SMC002 Chrome SHOWERMI$ER Unit for Home / Commercial

$59.95
Add to cart












SMB002 Brushed Nickel SHOWERMI$ER Unit for Home / Commercial

$59.95
Add to cart












SMZ002 Oil Rubbed Bronze SHOWERMI$ER Unit for Home / Commercial

$59.95
Add to cart












SKC001 = SINKMI$ER Chrome

$79.95
Add to cart












SKB001 = SINKMI$ER Brushed Nickel

$79.95
Add to cart












SKP001 = SINKMI$ER Black Pearl

$79.95
Add to cart





12




























	CAD Details for Building Products - Building Materials Information, CAD Library, Auto CAD drawings - Sweets

























































Home / MasterFormat
    




Quick Links

Products
Manufacturers
Catalogs
CAD
BIM
Specs




CAD Details for Building Products: ALL DIVISIONS
 CAD drawings and details for thousands of building products are available on Sweets. 
The details are compatible with all major CAD software and are offered in DWG, DWF, DXF and PDF formats...
more

 CAD drawings and details for thousands of building products are available on Sweets. 
The details are compatible with all major CAD software and are offered in DWG, DWF, DXF and PDF formats.      
Click the name of any manufacturer in the list below for their CAD details. Or, from the company's presentation on Sweets, click the "CAD" tab at the top of the screen and select 
the desired product from the drop-down menu. If you wish to further refine your selection, use the "product options" and "details" menus.
less





Divisions
Items




01 00 00 - General Requirements
208


03 00 00 - Concrete
2952


04 00 00 - Masonry
7163


05 00 00 - Metals
8864


06 00 00 - Wood, Plastics, and Composites
20234


07 00 00 - Thermal and Moisture Protection
25352


08 00 00 - Openings
34572


09 00 00 - Finishes
12373


10 00 00 - Specialties
11376


11 00 00 - Equipment
13523


12 00 00 - Furnishings
10233


13 00 00 - Special Construction
3337


14 00 00 - Conveying Equipment
1303


22 00 00 - Plumbing
2352


23 00 00 - Heating, Ventilating, and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)
2174


25 00 00 - Integrated Automation
198


26 00 00 - Electrical
1364


27 00 00 - Communications
6755


28 00 00 - Electronic Safety and Security
103


31 00 00 - Earthwork
321


32 00 00 - Exterior Improvements
7634


33 00 00 - Utilities
1097


34 00 00 - Transportation
566


35 00 00 - Waterway and Marine Construction
7


41 00 00 - Material Processing and Handling Equipment
590


48 00 00 - Electrical Power Generation
18
























	Construction & Building Materials Directory | Suppliers - Sweets



























































EASILY
SEARCH
& SELECT
BUILDING
PRODUCTS
KC Live, Kansas City Power and Light DistrictCourtesy of Structurflex LLC













Quick Links

Products
Manufacturers
Catalogs
CAD
BIM
Specs
















	Building Product Catalogs, Building materials catalog, Sweets Catalog - Sweets

























































Home / MasterFormat
    




Quick Links

Products
Manufacturers
Catalogs
CAD
BIM
Specs




Product Catalogs for Building Products: ALL DIVISIONS
 A library of thousands of Product Catalogs from leading building 
product manufacturers is available on Sweets. Product Catalogs help you understand the manufacturer's full product
range, deliver insights into individual products and contain valuable technical data. ....
more

A library of thousands of Product Catalogs from leading building product manufacturers is available on Sweets. 
Product Catalogs help you understand the manufacturer's full product range, deliver insights into individual products
and contain valuable technical data. Product Catalogs are offered in PDF format for downloading and viewing.      
Product Catalogs are found by selecting manufacturer's name in the list below. This displays thumbnail images of
each catalog. Clicking on the image of the catalog allows you to view or download the file.
less





Divisions
Items




01 00 00 - General Requirements
255


02 00 00 - Existing Conditions
32


03 00 00 - Concrete
1801


04 00 00 - Masonry
2301


05 00 00 - Metals
2293


06 00 00 - Wood, Plastics, and Composites
2323


07 00 00 - Thermal and Moisture Protection
19150


08 00 00 - Openings
24881


09 00 00 - Finishes
72571


10 00 00 - Specialties
11058


11 00 00 - Equipment
19335


12 00 00 - Furnishings
9057


13 00 00 - Special Construction
2842


14 00 00 - Conveying Equipment
871


21 00 00 - Fire Suppression
78


22 00 00 - Plumbing
7453


23 00 00 - Heating, Ventilating, and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)
5204


25 00 00 - Integrated Automation
81


26 00 00 - Electrical
25957


27 00 00 - Communications
2762


28 00 00 - Electronic Safety and Security
3784


31 00 00 - Earthwork
128


32 00 00 - Exterior Improvements
3895


33 00 00 - Utilities
450


34 00 00 - Transportation
514


35 00 00 - Waterway and Marine Construction
19


40 00 00 - Process Interconnections
439


41 00 00 - Material Processing and Handling Equipment
633


42 00 00 - Process Heating, Cooling, and Drying Equipment
57


43 00 00 - Process Gas and Liquid Handling, Purification, and Storage Equipment
105


44 00 00 - Pollution and Waste Control Equipment
1


46 00 00 - Water and Wastewater Equipment
13


48 00 00 - Electrical Power Generation
123






















