    Dennis Vigneau | Fidelity & Guaranty Life | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















Unitrin Names Dennis Vigneau As CFO - TheStreet



























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Unitrin Names Dennis Vigneau As CFO






Business Wire




Nov 3, 2010 3:45 PM EDT













 
















































  Unitrin, Inc. (NYSE:UTR) announced today that its Board of Directors has elected Dennis R. Vigneau as the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Vigneau, 43, is a seasoned executive in the insurance industry and was most recently a senior financial executive of American Life Insurance Company, formally a unit of AIG. His previous positions include tenures as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Retirement and Protection Segment of Genworth Financial and Vice President, Financial Planning for Genworth Financial Holding. He has substantial experience in financial reporting and internal controls, capital and risk management, strategic planning and mergers and acquisitions.  Mr. Vigneau has a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Southern New Hampshire University.  Donald G. Southwell, Unitrin’s Chief Executive Officer, stated that “We are delighted to have someone of Dennis Vigneau’s caliber join Unitrin as our CFO. His diverse experience in the financial and analytical disciplines of our industry and his strong leadership skills will make him a key member of our senior leadership team as we seek to maximize value for our shareholders.”  Unitrin is a diversified insurance holding company, with subsidiaries that principally provide life, auto, homeowners and other insurance products for individuals and small businesses.  Unitrin’s principal businesses are:   Kemper  ®1 , which provides auto, homeowners and other insurance products to individuals through a network of independent agents,   Unitrin Direct, which markets auto and homeowners insurance to consumers via direct mail, the Internet, employer-sponsored employee benefit programs and other affinity relationships,   Unitrin Specialty, which provides auto insurance through a network of independent agents and brokers to individuals and small businesses which have had difficulty procuring insurance through traditional channels, usually due to adverse driving records or claim or credit histories, and   Life and Health Insurance, which specializes in the sale of life insurance products to persons of modest incomes through a network of employee agents.    Additional information about Unitrin is available by visiting its website http://www.unitrin.com/  1 “Kemper” is a registered service mark of Unitrin, Inc.     



 



 































































 











Trending


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 



Unitrin Names Dennis Vigneau as CFO | Business Wire
























































Unitrin Names Dennis Vigneau as CFO






November 03, 2010 03:45 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Unitrin, Inc. (NYSE:UTR) announced today that its Board of Directors has 
      elected Dennis R. Vigneau as the Company’s Senior Vice President and 
      Chief Financial Officer.
    

      Mr. Vigneau, 43, is a seasoned executive in the insurance industry and 
      was most recently a senior financial executive of American Life 
      Insurance Company, formally a unit of AIG. His previous positions 
      include tenures as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of 
      the Retirement and Protection Segment of Genworth Financial and Vice 
      President, Financial Planning for Genworth Financial Holding. He has 
      substantial experience in financial reporting and internal controls, 
      capital and risk management, strategic planning and mergers and 
      acquisitions.
    

      Mr. Vigneau has a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Southern 
      New Hampshire University.
    

      Donald G. Southwell, Unitrin’s Chief Executive Officer, stated that “We 
      are delighted to have someone of Dennis Vigneau’s caliber join Unitrin 
      as our CFO. His diverse experience in the financial and analytical 
      disciplines of our industry and his strong leadership skills will make 
      him a key member of our senior leadership team as we seek to maximize 
      value for our shareholders.”
    

      Unitrin is a diversified insurance holding company, with subsidiaries 
      that principally provide life, auto, homeowners and other insurance 
      products for individuals and small businesses.
    

      Unitrin’s principal businesses are:
    


Kemper®1, which provides auto, homeowners and 
        other insurance products to individuals through a network of 
        independent agents,
      

Unitrin Direct, which markets auto and homeowners insurance to 
        consumers via direct mail, the Internet, employer-sponsored employee 
        benefit programs and other affinity relationships,
      

Unitrin Specialty, which provides auto insurance through a 
        network of independent agents and brokers to individuals and small 
        businesses which have had difficulty procuring insurance through 
        traditional channels, usually due to adverse driving records or claim 
        or credit histories, and
      

Life and Health Insurance, which specializes in the sale of 
        life insurance products to persons of modest incomes through a network 
        of employee agents.
      


      Additional information about Unitrin is available by visiting its 
      website http://www.unitrin.com/


1 “Kemper” is a registered service mark of Unitrin, Inc.
    


Contacts

      Unitrin, Inc.Frank J. Sodaro, (312) 661-4930investor.relations@unitrin.com
















Contacts

      Unitrin, Inc.Frank J. Sodaro, (312) 661-4930investor.relations@unitrin.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 


























Leadership Team | Fidelity & Guaranty Life















Login to SalesLink















                              Sign in
                            Forgot Password?


























Leadership Team

Home
About FGL
Leadership Team








Members of Fidelity & Guaranty Life’s leadership team share a passion for helping ensure the financial security of families and positive retirement lifestyles. Each team member possesses, on average, 28 years of industry experience. They are supported by a committed employee base with an average tenure of eight years in the industry.








Chris LittlefieldPresident & Chief Executive Officer

Christopher J. Littlefield serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of FGL. As CEO, Mr. Littlefield sets the strategy for the company and oversees all aspects of the insurance business and operations. He formerly served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Aviva USA Corporation.














Raj KrishnanExecutive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer

Raj Krishnan is responsible for all aspects of the company's investment portfolio. Raj joined Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Company as Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer in 2008 and led the restructuring of the company's fixed income portfolio.
















Eric MarhounExecutive Vice President, General Counsel

Eric oversees legal and compliance matters for Fidelity & Guaranty Life and its subsidiaries. Eric has 28 years of legal experience in US and non-US insurance markets. Eric Marhoun joined the company in 2007 as Senior Vice President and General Counsel.














Dennis VigneauExecutive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

Dennis Vigneau manages all financial operations for the company's life and annuity operations - capital planning financial reporting, investment accounting, and treasury. Dennis joined Fidelity & Guaranty Life in 2013 with broad accounting and finance experience for other major public insurance companies.
















John PhelpsSenior Vice President, Chief Distribution Officer

John Phelps manages all aspects of life and annuity sales, product development, and distribution channels for Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Company. John joined FGL in 2000. During his 30-year career in the industry, John has served as a personal producer, general agent and has served on the ACLI Life Insurance Committee, the LIMRA Distribution Leaders Round Table Committee and LIMRA Brokerage Committee.














John O'ShaughnessySenior Vice President, International Markets and Business Development

With a broad background in products and  markets, John is leading the initiative to expand the FGL value proposition to additional markets. John joined FGL in 2008 and has more than 30 years of experience in the Insurance industry.
















Rose BoehmSenior Vice President, Human Resources

Rose is responsible for all of the company's human resources and talent management strategies and initiatives. Rose Boehm joined FGL in 2008. Rose has more than 25 years of domestic and international human resources experience in the financial services, manufacturing and government services industries.














Wendy JB YoungSenior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer

Wendy JB Young oversees risk management efforts for the entire company and leads the internal controls and internal audit functions. Wendy joined FGL in 2000 as an actuary and has been involved in a broad range of actuarial and finance functions at the Company. Wendy also leads FGL M&A activity.
















Chris FlemingSenior Vice President, Operations & Technology

Chris Fleming oversees operations and information technology in the Baltimore, Des Moines, and Lincoln areas. Chris joined Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Company in November 2011. Most recently, he held the position of Head of Corporate Six Sigma & Strategic Cost Management at ING US Corporate Finance.














John CurrierSenior Vice President, Chief Actuary

John Currier manages the company’s actuarial function and leads the work on pricing, reserve valuation, modeling, life insurance and annuity product development, regulatory compliance and reinsurance relationships. John joined FGL in 2015 with over 25 years of insurance industry experience ranging from consultant to Chief Actuary.









15-727













 





Dennis Vigneau – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending January 31, 2014
Posted on February 3, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Starbucks Coffee Company
Elizabeth Arden, Inc. 
Virgin America


Pinnacle Foods Inc. 
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
Booz Allen Hamilton 


Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council
Riedon 
Mid-Atlantic Management Corporation


California Republic Bank
Papa Murphy’s International
Parmenter Realty Partners 


Ameriana Bancorp 
Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
Clinkle Corporation


Walter Investment Management Corp. 
Arborwell
Metamark Genetics, Inc.


Ross Stores, Inc. 
Plex
Evolution Petroleum Corporation 


Titan International, Inc. 
Fidelity & Guaranty Life 
Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. 


Sorbent Therapeutics, Inc. 
ClearDATA Networks, Inc.
Datapipe


DynaResource, Inc. 
Vuclip
Liberty Coal Energy, Corp. 


Tintri, Inc.
Harris Teeter Supermarkets, Inc. 
United Online, Inc.


AGTC
Natera Inc.
Destination XL Group, Inc.


IID
Paul Mueller Company 
The National Soccer Coaches Association of America (NSCAA) 


Sports Authority Inc.
Home Care Medical, Inc
Applied Predictive Technologies 


Stemedica Cell Technologies, Inc.
UMB Financial Corporation




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Starbucks Coffee Company (NASDAQ: SBUX) announced that Troy Alstead will be promoted to the newly created position of chief operating officer (coo). Alstead previously served as Starbucks chief financial officer and group president, Global Business Services. Alstead joined Starbucks in 1992. Starbucks senior vice president of Corporate Finance, Scott Maw, will be promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer. He joined Starbucks as global controller in 2011 and brings more than two decades of finance leadership experience to his new role. Prior to Starbucks, Maw served as cfo of SeaBright Insurance and as cfo of the Consumer Banking division at JPMorgan Chase. He has also held various finance leadership positions at GE and the Retail Banking division of Washington Mutual.
Elizabeth Arden, Inc. (NASDAQ: RDEN) announced the appointment of Rod R. Little as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective April 1, 2014. Mr. Little joins Elizabeth Arden, Inc. from Procter & Gamble where, since 2009, he has served as Chief Financial Officer for P&G’s Global Salon Professional division. Prior to that, Mr. Little was the finance leader for P&G’s North America Salon Professional division. He joined P&G in 1997, after serving in the U.S. Air Force for five years.
Virgin America announced that Intel Corp. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Stacy J. Smith will join the Company’s Board of Directors. Smith currently serves as Intel’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.   In addition to his Finance and Information Technology responsibilities, Smith previously also held executive positions in Sales and Marketing at Intel.  Smith joined Intel after receiving his MBA in Finance from the University of Texas in 1988.
Pinnacle Foods Inc. (NYSE: PF) announced the appointment of Jane H. Nielsen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Coach, Inc. (NYSE: COH), to its Board of Directors, effective March 10, 2014.  Ms. Nielsen will be appointed to the Board’s Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Ms. Nielsen has been EVP & CFO of Coach since 2011.  Prior to that, Ms. Nielsen was Senior Vice President and CFO of PepsiCo Americas, Beverages and Global Nutrition Group, and also held the positions of Vice President of Strategy and Vice President of Investor Relations for PepsiCo.  Ms. Nielsen also held executive management positions in Finance and Strategic Planning at Pepsi Bottling Group.  She began her career in banking in 1986 at CS First Boston Corporation and later worked at global strategy consulting firm Marakon Associates.
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (NYSE: ANF) announced the promotion of Jonathan E. Ramsden, currently the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to the position of Chief Operating Officer (“COO”), a new role at the Company. Mr. Ramsden has been with Abercrombie & Fitch since December 2008. He previously served as Chief Financial Officer of TBWA Worldwide.
Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation (NYSE: BAH), the parent company of management and technology consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., announced that Kevin L. Cook has been named Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, effective July 1, 2014. The current Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, Samuel R. Strickland, will retire effective June 30, 2014. Cook joined the firm initially in 1986 and returned in 2003 after spending 7 years as senior vice president of client development for JAMIS Software. At Booz Allen, Cook is currently Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. During his tenure with the firm, he has also managed Booz Allen’s shared services operations.
Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council (FASAC) has appointed Steven E. Buller, managing director and former chief financial officer of BlackRock, Inc., , has been appointed chairman. His term begins on February 1, 2014, and concludes on December 31, 2015. Mr. Buller succeeds Charles H. Noski, retired vice chairman of Bank of America, whose term as FASAC chairman concluded on December 31, 2013. Mr. Buller will retire from BlackRock, Inc. in early February 2014, after nine years with the firm. He currently is a member of the Standing Advisory Group of the PCAOB. Prior to joining BlackRock, Inc., Mr. Buller was a senior partner at Ernst & Young, serving as its U.S. and global director of asset management services from 1988 to 2005.
Riedon announced the hiring of Greg Wood as the new Senior VP and General Manager. Greg’s most recent manufacturing position was as President and CEO of Surfx Technologies. Prior to Surfx, Greg was the President, CEO, and CFO of Emergent Respiratory Products. In an earlier position, Greg was President and CFO of American Microwave Technology.
Mid-Atlantic Management Corporation, an Associa company, announced the promotion of Patti Baker to Chief Financial Officer. Baker began at Mid-Atlantic as an accounting assistant in 2005, was promoted to staff accountant in 2006. After leaving briefly in 2008, she returned to work for Mid-Atlantic in 2010, again as staff accountant. Before her latest promotion, Baker served as director of financial services for two years.
California Republic Bank (OTC: CRPB) announced the hiring of Mark Olson as its new CFO. The Bancorp also announced that its current CFO, Andy Reid, will stay on as its Chief Accountant and report directly to Mr. Olson going forward. Most recently he served as the CFO of Heritage Oaks Bank in Paso Robles. Prior to that Mr. Olson was the CFO of Santa Barbara Bank & Trust. Prior to Santa Barbara Bank & Trust, Mr. Olson served as Finance Director at Goldman Sachs Bank, USA. He also served as Controller and then later CFO of Westcorp, a holding company for Western Financial Bank and WFS Financial. Mr. Olson began his career at Ernst and Young in 1988 before joining Westcorp.
Papa Murphy’s International announced that Mark Hutchens will join the Company as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, he served as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer – International for Bloomin’ Brands, Inc. Mr. Hutchens also served on the Boards of Directors for Bloomin’ Brands’ joint venture businesses in China and Brazil. Prior to his role at Bloomin’ Brands, Mr. Hutchens was employed at Office Depot, where he served as Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from 2008 to 2012, also having responsibility for shared services and procurement from 2010 to 2012. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Hutchens served as Senior Vice President Finance, International Division. During that period, Mr. Hutchens served on the Board of Directors of the company’s joint venture in Mexico and Central America. Before joining Office Depot, Mr. Hutchens spent 10 years at YUM! Brands in roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as Assistant Treasurer – Corporate Finance. He was General Auditor from 2003 to 2005 and worked at YUM! Restaurants International from 2002 to 2003 as Director, Mergers and Acquisitions. From 1997 to 2002, he worked in various headquarters finance roles, including Financial Planning and Analysis and Treasury. He began his YUM! Brands career at KFC Corporation in 1996.Prior to joining YUM! Brands, Mr. Hutchens held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility from 1989 to 1996 within the Finance Staff and Product Development functions at Ford Motor Company.
Parmenter Realty Partners hired Jeffrey B. Granoff as Chief Financial Officer. Granoff comes from Clairvue Capital Partners where he was a Principal. Before that, Granoff held positions at Prudential Real Estate Investors (“PREI”), Arcapita, Inc., and Morgan Stanley in New York and Asia.
Ameriana Bancorp (NASDAQ: ASBI), the holding company for Ameriana Bank, announced that John J. Letter has been promoted to Executive Vice President – Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer.
Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: GILD) announced that Robin Washington, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), has been promoted to Executive Vice President. Ms. Washington joined Gilead in 2008 as Senior Vice President and CFO. Prior to joining Gilead, Ms. Washington was Chief Financial Officer of Hyperion Solutions, which was acquired by Oracle Corporation in March 2007. She previously served in a number of executive positions with PeopleSoft, most recently in the role of Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. Ms. Washington is a member of the Board of Directors of Honeywell International, the Board of Directors of Salesforce.com and the Board of Visitors, Graziadio School of Business and Management, Pepperdine University. 
Clinkle Corporation announced the appointment of Mike Liberatore as chief financial officer. Liberatore joins the company from PayPal, where he served as senior director of large enterprise finance and the North America financial planning and analysis (FP&A) group. Earlier, Liberatore was based in Singapore and served as senior director of finance for Asia-Pacific. Before PayPal, Liberatore worked at eBay in several roles, including director of corporate FP&A. Previously, Liberatore held a variety of financial positions at Adobe Systems, Intel Corporation, and Hewlett-Packard.
Walter Investment Management Corp. (NYSE: WAC) announced that Gary Tillett has been hired as the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective after the filing of the Company’s Form 10-K for 2013. Most recently Mr. Tillett led the New York Metro Transaction Services Practice for PricewaterhouseCoopers. Prior to joining the Transaction Services Practice, Mr. Tillett worked in the audit practice for eighteen years serving both publicly traded and privately held clients in the financial services sector.  
Arborwell announced the addition of Brad Carson to the company’s executive team as Chief Financial Officer. Carson has over twenty years in financial management for companies including PABCO Building Products, LLC, and most recently for Allied Propane Service, Inc.
Metamark Genetics, Inc. announced the appointment of Jonathan Lieber as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Lieber brings to Metamark more than a decade of experience as the chief financial officer of emerging life-sciences companies including, Repligen Corporation, Xcellerex (acquired by GE Healthcare), and Altus Pharmaceuticals. Prior to serving as a CFO, Mr. Lieber worked as an investment banker for 10 years.
Ross Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ: ROST) announced that Michael Hartshorn is being promoted to Chief Financial Officer, retaining his Senior Vice President title, effective February 2, 2014. Michael Hartshorn has been Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer of Ross Stores since January 2012. Prior to this, he was Group Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from March 2011 to January 2012 and Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from April 2006 to March 2011. From 2002 to 2006, he served in various management roles in the Ross IT and supply chain organizations. He initially joined the Company in 2000 as Director and Assistant Controller. Mr. Hartshorn began his career at the public accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand where he spent three years in their audit practice, followed by seven years in various financial roles at the May Department Stores Company.
Plex announced the appointment of Don Clarke to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Clarke was CFO at Eloqua. Clarke currently sits on the board of DataRPM.
Evolution Petroleum Corporation (NYSE MKT: EPM) announced that Randall Keys is joining the management team and is expected to be elected by the Board of Directors to the positions of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer following the filing of the Company’s 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2013 and the effectiveness of Sterling McDonald‘s previously announced retirement. Randy will also be elected to the position of Executive Vice President of NGS Technologies, a wholly owned subsidiary of Evolution Petroleum. He previously served as Chief Financial Officer for publicly traded Far East Energy Corp, BPZ Energy, Inc., Core Laboratories N.V. and 3DX Technologies, Inc., and as Treasurer of Norcen Explorer, Inc. Randy also managed financial reporting for Santa Fe Energy and Adobe Resources.
Titan International, Inc. (NYSE: TWI) has promoted Paul Reitz from his current position as Chief Financial Officer of Titan International to the open position of President of Titan International, Inc. The board also approved the appointment of John Hrudicka as Chief Financial Officer of Titan International. Mr. Hrudicka has been the presiding CFO at Elkay Manufacturing since 2010 after joining as Vice President-Finance in 2006. He has spent his 27 year career spanning several industries, working for Motorola, 3Com and Baxter Healthcare in both finance and operations executive leadership roles.
Fidelity & Guaranty Life (NYSE: FGL) announced that Dennis R. Vigneau, the former Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Kemper Corporation, has joined the Company as Senior Vice President and will assume the position of Chief Financial Officer, effective February 12, 2014. At that time, Wendy JB Young, currently Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, will become Chief Risk Officer for the Company, assuming this role from John O’Shaughnessy, who will continue to serve in his capacity as Senior Vice President and Chief Actuary. Dennis R. Vigneau served as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Kemper Corporation (formerly Unitrin Inc.) from November 2010 to March 15, 2013. Previously, he served as a senior financial executive of American Life Insurance Company, formerly a unit of AIG; as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Retirement and Protection Segment of Genworth Financial and Vice President, Financial Planning for Genworth Financial Holding.
Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE: BHLB) announced that it has appointed Josephine Iannelli Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Iannelli has served as Berkshire’s Senior Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer and has participated in financial oversight since July 2013. Ms. Iannelli joined Berkshire as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer in March 2013. She has 20 years of financial and banking experience beginning with KPMG Peat Marwick, LLP and then KeyCorp. She joined National City Corporation in 2002 leading the accounting policy group and served in various roles at the bank up through their acquisition and integration into PNC Financial Services Group, ultimately advancing to the position of Senior Vice President, Loan Purchase Accounting. Since 2010, she had been providing independent accounting consulting services, specializing in finance reengineering and mergers and acquisitions for top ten national banks.
Sorbent Therapeutics, Inc. announced that Tom O’Neil has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Mr. O’Neil was Vice President, Finance & Administration for ChemGenex Pharmaceuticals. Before ChemGenex, he was Vice President, Finance & Administration for Nodality and HX Diagnostics. Prior to that, Mr. O’Neil held several finance roles at Monogram Biosciences, Inc.
ClearDATA Networks, Inc. announced that cloud computing veteran Aaron Barfoot has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Mr. Barfoot was the vice president of finance for Rackspace Hosting. Prior to his term at Rackspace, Mr. Barfoot held senior positions responsible for business and financial planning and analysis with USAA, Transocean Offshore, and Continental Airlines.
Datapipe announced the appointment of Ed O’Hara as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Datapipe, O’Hara served as the CFO of Sidera Networks. Previously, O’Hara was the CFO of the Residential and Business Services segment of RCN Corporation. He also has previously held senior-level positions with Putnam Investments and Arthur Andersen.
DynaResource, Inc. (OTC: DYNR) announced the appointment of David S. Hall to the position of Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of DynaUSA. Mr. Hall was formerly the owner and CEO of the Hall Group CPA’s, in Dallas, Texas, which served as the public auditing firm for DynaUSA since 2004. Mr. Hall’s appointment as Vice President-CFO is expected to commence April 1, 2014. Charles E. Smith, current CFO of DynaUSA, will remain with the Company as corporate secretary, and a member of the Company’s Board of Directors.
Vuclip announced that Apurva Desai has been appointed the company’s new Chief Financial Officer. Desai was most recently Vice-President of Finance for Exponential Interactive. Previously, Desai held leadership roles in finance at Glu Mobile, Yahoo!, and Intel Corporation for over a decade. Desai began his career with Ernst & Young.
Liberty Coal Energy, Corp. (OTC: LBTG) announced the resignation of Its President, and the appointment of CFO Robert T. Malasek to the position of Interim President and CEO. Mr. Malasek joined the company in April of 2011.
Tintri, Inc. announced the appointment of Ian Halifax as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Ian was CFO at Host Analytics. Ian also served as CFO at Wind River Systems. Ian also served as a public-company CFO at Micromuse and Macrovision. In the early part of his career, he held finance positions at Sun Microsystems and KPMG.
Harris Teeter Supermarkets, Inc. (NYSE: HTSI) announced the resignation of John Woodlief, Executive Vice President, who has served as Chief Financial Officer since 1999. Prior to that time, he served as managing partner of the PricewaterhouseCoopers Carolinas offices.
United Online, Inc. (NASDAQ: UNTD) announced that Neil P. Edwards, the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will terminate his employment with the company effective as of March 7, 2014 or, if later, the day after the date on which the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 is filed (the “Effective Date”) and he will resign from all of his positions with the Company, including as an officer of the Company.
AGTC announced the appointment of Larry Bullock to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Mr. Bullock was Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary at BioMimetic Therapeutics, Inc. From 1996 to 2003, he was with Ribozyme Pharmaceuticals, where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Mr. Bullock served as Chief Financial Officer at La Jolla Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and as Chief Financial Officer and a Founding Partner of Natural Products, Inc.
Natera Inc. announced the appointment of Herman “Herm” Rosenman to the position of chief financial officer. Mr. Rosenman has served as a member of the company’s board of directors since 2013. He will join the company on Feb. 10, 2014. Mr. Rosenman was most recently the senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer of Gen-Probe Inc. Prior to joining Gen-Probe, he was president and chief executive officer of Ultra Acquisition Corp., and president and chief executive officer of RadNet Management Inc. Before this, he was the chief financial officer of Rexene Corp. Prior to Rexene, Mr. Rosenman was a partner at Coopers & Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP), where he served numerous Fortune 1000 clients, principally in the pharmaceuticals and telecommunications industries. Mr. Rosenman currently serves as chairman of the audit committees of Oxford Immunotec Ltd., Medistem Inc. and VIVUS Inc., where he is also a member of their compensation committees. In addition, he is a member of the advisory board for Scripps Clinics/Green Hospital in San Diego.
Destination XL Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: DXLG) announced the resignation of its Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer, Dennis Hernreich, and the appointment of Board Member John E. Kyees as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Kyees, who has served on the Destination XL Board of Directors since 2010, was CFO of Urban Outfitters from 2003 until his retirement in 2010, and has served as a senior financial executive at several other prominent retailers.
IID announced the addition of Ben King as the company’s first ever CFO. Ben King most recently was the CFO and COO at PhaseOne Communications. Prior to PhaseOne, King held leadership roles at the Fox Broadcasting Company Digital Group and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Paul Mueller Company (OTC: MUEL) announced that Marcelino Rodriguez, Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the company effective February 20, 2014 to become the Controller & Chief Accounting Officer of KMG Chemicals. Mr. Rodriguez joined Paul Mueller Company in 2011 to serve as CFO. Prior to joining Paul Mueller Company, he was the CFO for Lhoist North America. He also served as the Controller for Jose Cuervo International, Controller for the operations division of RG Barry, and held various positions within Harte-Hanks Communications.
The National Soccer Coaches Association of America (NSCAA) has welcomed Greg Hubbard as its new Chief Financial Officer. Hubbard replaces the Association’s first ever CFO, Tammy Reder. Hubbard has 18 years of experience with not-for-profit organizations to the position. Before starting with the Association in December, he spent nearly seven years as CFO with Lyric Opera of Kansas City. Prior to his time at Lyric Opera, Hubbard was the director of finance at the Mid-America Arts Alliance, a federally-funded regional arts organization, with which he spent four years. He also brings experience as a controller at the Douglas County Housing Authority and an audit manager at various audit firms.
Sports Authority Inc. announced that Jeremy Aguilar will join as its CFO. Aguilar comes to the post from Indianapolis-based appliance and electronics retailer HHGregg Inc., where he has been CFO. Aguilar replaces current CFO and chief administrative officer Tom Hendrickson, who has been with the company for 21 years and is retiring. 
Home Care Medical, Inc. announced the promotion of Ann Fabry to Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance and Operations. Hired as Manager of Finance and promoted to Director in 2010, Fabry has been with Home Care Medical since 2002. Her prior work experience includes Supervisor of Financial Reporting at Compcare Health Services.
Applied Predictive Technologies (APT) announced that Jeff Babka will join the company as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Babka comes to APT from Vibrant Media where he held positions of Chief Financial and Administrative Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to his work at Vibrant, Mr. Babka was CFO of Sophos. Previously, Mr. Babka served as SVP and CFO of NeuStar, Inc.
Stemedica Cell Technologies, Inc. announced that Craig W. Carlson has been appointed the Company’s Chief Financial Officer effective March, 2014. Craig was the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary at Talon Therapeutics. He served a similar role as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Operating Officer as well as Managing Director U.K. for Cygnus Inc.
UMB Financial Corporation appointed Brian J. Walker as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Walker has served as the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer since June 2007. On January 28, 2014, the Company’s immediate past Chief Financial Officer, Michael D. Hagedorn, was appointed as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company’s subsidiary, UMB Bank, N.A., effective January 31, 2014 and will also retain his title as Vice Chairman of the Company.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending March 1, 2013
Posted on March 4, 2013 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Bausch + Lomb
Reply.com
Liaison International, Inc.


The SSI Group, Inc.
Contact Solutions
Soles4Souls Inc.


DreamBox Learning
Avago Technologies Limited 
Lam Research Corp. 


Riverbed Technology
Business Development Corporation of America
Genworth Financial, Inc. 


Humana Inc. 
MicroPact
PRO-DEX, INC. 


Larsen MacColl Partners 
Navigant 
AllOver Media, Inc.


Deltek, Inc.
Qualstar Corporation 
Applied Materials, Inc. 


Spectra Energy Partners, LP 
D-Wave Systems, Inc.
Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. 


YouSendIt, Inc.
DubLi, Inc. 
Jumptap, Inc.


Frontier Communications Corporation 
Hampton Roads Bankshares, Inc. 
Cherokee Inc. 


VentriPoint Diagnostics Ltd. 
Kemper Corporation
OXiGENE, Inc. 


Greatbatch, Inc. 
FONU2 Inc. 
Veritec, Inc. 


HealthWarehouse.com, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc. 
Ambassadors Group, Inc. 


Potlatch Corporation 
Consilio
Pendrell Corporation 


Northwest Natural Gas Company 
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Bausch + Lomb has named Robert Bertolini as president and chief financial officer effective immediately. Bertolini, who assumes CFO responsibilities from Brian J. Harris. Mr. Bertolini previously was executive vice president and chief financial officer at Schering-Plough Corporation from 2003 until its merger with Merck & Co. in 2009.  Earlier in his career, Bertolini spent 20 years at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.  Bertolini is a current board member of Actelion Pharmaceuticals and Charles River Labs, and a former board member of Genzyme Corporation.
Reply.com announced that David Wittenkamp has joined the company as chief financial officer. Prior to joining Reply.com, Wittenkamp was CFO of Greenplum, a division of EMC. He also served as CFO of Merced Systems, and Dealix Corporation. Previously, Wittenkamp successfully co-founded two companies, TouchWave and PhaseOne. 
Liaison International, Inc. announced that it has named Jim Pluntze as Chief Financial Officer. Pluntze comes to Liaison after nearly 10 years at NaviSite, Inc., where he was Chief Operating Officer and, earlier, Chief Financial Officer prior to its acquisition by Time Warner Cable in 2011. Prior to NaviSite he held senior finance positions at Lanthorn Technology, Guardent, Inc. and Razorfish.
The SSI Group, Inc. announced that Terry Pefanis accepted the position of Chief Financial Officer. In addition to his role as Chief Financial Officer, Pefanis will serve as a Vice President and the Chief Compliance Officer at SSI. Pefanis was previously the Chief Financial Officer for Healthtech Holdings, Inc. He was the Chief Operating Officer of Big Idea, from February 2003 until January 2008. Pefanis held various operating and financial positions, including Chief Financial Officer of the Creative Content Division of Gaylord Entertainment Company and related entities from 1994 to 2002. He also worked for Price Waterhouse from 1983 to 1994.
Contact Solutions announced the appointment of Michael Southworth as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Contact Solutions, Southworth was Senior Vice President of Global Wireless Solutions at Corning. Southworth also served as COO and CFO of MobileAccess Networks, which was acquired by Corning in 2011.
Soles4Souls Inc. announced that it has named Les Ward as Chief Financial Officer. Ward joins Soles4Souls after serving as interim CFO since November 2012. Previously, Ward co-founded BlackBriar Advisors LLC. Ward also was a Managing Partner in the Dallas office of Tatum LLC. He also served in several senior executive positions including COO and CFO with Young Presidents’ Organization (YPO), a non-profit organization committed to developing better leaders through education and idea exchange.
DreamBox Learning appointed Peter Biere as its Chief Financial Officer. Biere is a former Partner at Gottschalk Hardesty and CFO of GlobalScholar. In addition to Mr. Biere’s prior posts at Gottschalk Hardesty and GlobalScholar, he also served as CFO at Zones.com and Locate Networks, COO at Evergreen Collateral Consulting, and CFO and General Manager at Lumera Corporation (now GigOptix).
Avago Technologies Limited (NASDAQ: AVGO) announced that Douglas Bettinger has resigned as Chief Financial Officer to pursue another opportunity. Anthony Maslowski, Avago’s Vice President and Corporate Controller, will serve as interim Chief Financial Officer during a search for Mr. Bettinger’s replacement. Mr. Maslowski joined Avago in 2006 as Vice President of Internal Audit. Prior to joining Avago, Mr. Maslowski served as the Chief Financial Officer for Allegro Manufacturing Pte Ltd and prior to that, he held senior finance management positions at Lam Research Corporation and Hitachi Data Systems Corporation
Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ: LRCX) announced that Doug Bettinger will serve as executive vice president and chief financial officer, succeeding Ernie Maddock. Mr. Bettinger was formerly chief financial officer and senior vice president of Avago Technologies Limited, a position he held since 2008. Prior to Avago, Mr. Bettinger served as vice president of finance and corporate controller at Xilinx and chief financial officer at 24/7 Customer, a privately held company. Mr. Bettinger also spent 12 years at Intel Corporation, where he held numerous senior-level finance and manufacturing operations positions.
Riverbed Technology (NASDAQ: RVBD) announced the appointment of Ernie Maddock, currently chief financial officer at Lam Research Corporation, to the position of chief financial officer, effective April 29, 2013. He replaces chief operating officer and chief financial officer Randy Gottfried, who will be retiring from Riverbed effective May 3, 2013. Prior to Lam Research, Maddock held a variety of senior financial and operational positions at NCR Corporation.
Business Development Corporation of America announced that it has appointed Nicholas Radesca as its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer to succeed Brian S. Block. Mr. Block will remain the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President for a number of public real estate investment trusts sponsored by AR Capital, LLC, the Company’s sponsor. In his 20 years before joining American Realty Capital in December 2012, Mr. Radesca served as chief financial officer and secretary of another business development company, Solar Capital, from 2008 to 2012, and coordinated financial, tax and SEC reporting in various roles for iStar Financial, Fannie Mae, Del Monte Foods and Providian Financial.
Genworth Financial, Inc. (NYSE: GNW) announced that Chief Financial Officer Martin P. Klein has been named an executive vice president of Genworth.
Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) announced that James H. Bloem, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will retire from the company on December 31, 2013.
MicroPact announced the appointment of Chief Financial Officer (CFO), John D. Young. Previously, Young was the Senior Vice President (SVP) and CFO for Metron Aviation. Prior to Metron Aviation, Young held a position at Era Systems Corporation, where he served as SVP, CFO, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer. He has also held leadership positions at the Baan Company, Blackbaud, Incorporated and Legent Corporation.
PRO-DEX, INC. (NASDAQ: PDEX) announced that has combined the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and appointed Harold A. Hurwitz to the position of Chief Executive Officer effective immediately.  Mr. Hurwitz will retain his position as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. He succeeds Michael J. Berthelot, who had served as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since April 2012. Mr. Hurwitz has served as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer since 2010. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Hurwitz was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Interventional Spine Inc.  Prior to that, he was a Principal Consultant with McDermott & Bull. From 1997 through 2004, Mr. Hurwitz was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Micro Therapeutics, Inc
Larsen MacColl Partners announced that Christopher J. Davis has been appointed as Partner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Davis most recently served as Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Perseus, LLC. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative & Financial Officer at Safeguard Scientifics, Inc., (NYSE:SFE), and as President and CEO at LFC Financial Corp.
Navigant (NYSE: NCI) announced the appointment of Lucinda (Cindy) Baier to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Baier will replace Thomas Nardi, who will be retiring from the firm. Baier served most recently as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administration Officer for Central Parking Systems, Inc. Baier is on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
AllOver Media, Inc. has hired Shaun Nugent as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Nugent has held numerous C-level positions at a variety of name-brand companies including Champps restaurants, Life Time Fitness and Sun Country Airlines. He served as CFO at Sun Country from 2002 through 2007, before being promoted to CEO in 2005 and serving simultaneously in both leadership roles.
Deltek, Inc. announced today that it has appointed Michael Krone as its new treasurer and chief financial officer (CFO). Prior to this appointment, Mike was Deltek’s corporate controller and has held that position since he joined the Company in August 2008. Before Deltek, Mike held various senior financial management positions at some of the world’s leading software and services companies including webMethods, Bearing Point, Enterworks, and Telos.
Qualstar Corporation (NASDAQ: QBAK) announced that Nidhi H. Andalon has resigned as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to pursue other opportunities. Ms. Andalon served in various financial roles before becoming Chief Financial Officer in 2009. Qualstar’s finance group will be managed by Neal Carver, who has held senior corporate finance and controller roles in public and private technology companies for more than 20 years. Most recently, Mr. Carver was Corporate Controller for Applied Films Corporation until it was acquired by Applied Materials in 2006 and continued on as Operations Controller for Applied Materials, Inc. from 2006 until 2012.
Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMAT) announced that Bob Halliday has been named senior vice president and chief financial officer. Halliday previously was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates prior to Applied’s acquisition of the company in November 2011. Since the acquisition of Varian, Halliday has served as general manager of the implant business unit within Applied’s Silicon Systems Group.
Spectra Energy Partners, LP (NYSE: SEP) announced that Pat Reddy, chief financial officer (CFO) of Spectra Energy, will assume the CFO responsibilities for Spectra Energy Partners as well. Laura Sayavedra, previously CFO of Spectra Energy Partners, has been named vice president of strategy for Spectra Energy.
D-Wave Systems, Inc. announced that Steven M. Cakebread has joined as chief financial officer and chief administrative officer. Before joining D-Wave, Cakebread served as chief financial officer of Pandora Media, Inc. He was president and chief strategy officer of salesforce.com. Other roles with salesforce.com include executive vice president and chief financial officer. Before that, Cakebread served as senior vice president and chief financial officer at Autodesk and Silicon Graphics World Trade.
Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: UBNT) announced that Craig Foster will join the company as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Foster joins Ubiquiti from Credit Suisse where he served as a director in the investment banking group focused on technology infrastructure and software from June 2012 to February 2013. From August 2007 to June 2012, he worked at UBS investment bank as an Executive Director, and most recently as the co-head of the software group. Prior to banking, Mr. Foster was an early employee of Loudcloud, Inc. and held a number of management positions in product management, business development and finance. He also held various positions at RBC Capital Markets, Open Market, Deloitte Consulting, and PriceWaterhouseCoopers.
YouSendIt, Inc. announced the appointment of Ned Sizer as chief financial officer. Sizer’s previous companies included Ancestry.com, Silver Spring Networks, Omniture and Macromedia.
DubLi, Inc. (PINK: DUBL) announced that it has appointed Eric Nelson as Chief Financial Officer. Nelson served as a consultant to DubLi since November 2012. He is a partner with the Southern Florida practice of The SCA Group, LLC, a position he has held since 2008. Earlier in his career, Mr. Nelson was CFO/Turnaround Specialist for public company QSGI and CEO/Restructuring Officer for Gibraltar Metals. In 2007, Mr. Nelson was partner, turnaround professional and on the board of directors to six portfolio companies in private equity firm Sun Capital Partners. Prior to Sun, from 2000 to 2002, Mr. Nelson served as controller and then from 2003 to 2006 as CFO for West Marine. Previous to West Marine, Nelson has served as CFO in manufacturer Dental Components, Inc., distributor Fluid-Air Components and retail company Etcetera. Mr. Nelson started his career with the May Department Stores where he held several financial and operational positions.
Jumptap, Inc. announced that it has appointed Brian Cohen as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, he served as Chief Financial Officer of DynamicOps, which was acquired by VMware. Cohen previously served as Chief Financial Officer at Q1 Labs, which was acquired by IBM; and Webline Communications and Telebit Corporation, which were both acquired by Cisco. 
Frontier Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: FTR) announced that it has appointed John M. Jureller Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From 2008 through 2012, Mr. Jureller was Senior Vice President, Finance and Operations for the Resources Group of General Atlantic LLC. Before this, he was Chief Financial Officer of WestPoint International, Inc. From 2003 through 2006, Mr. Jureller was a member of the Corporate Turnaround & Restructuring practice of AlixPartners, LLC. Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer of Trans-Resources, Inc; Senior Vice President, Corporate Development at Gartner, Inc.; and Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development at Caribiner International, Inc. Early in his career, Mr. Jureller held increasingly senior financial roles at PepsiCo World Trading Company, Inc., Emcor Group, Inc., and General Electric Capital Corporation. Mr. Jureller began his career in finance at Bankers Trust Company.
Hampton Roads Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: HMPR), the holding company for The Bank of Hampton Roads and Shore Bank, announced that Stephen P. Theobald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the Company on March 31, 2013 to accept a CFO position with another financial services firm.
Cherokee Inc. (NASDAQ: CHKE) announced that Mark DiSiena has resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company in order to pursue other career opportunities. The Company announced that Jason Boling was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Boling joins Cherokee from DTS Inc., where he served as Vice President of Finance and Accounting beginning in 2006. Prior to DTS, he spent four years as Vice President and Corporate Controller for Inamed Corporation.
VentriPoint Diagnostics Ltd. (OTC: VPTDF) announced that it has appointed Ellen Briant as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. Previously she worked at Spire Sharwood (previously Sharwood & Company). She was the Vice-President & Director, Private Placements Group for Deloitte & Touche. Prior to that she worked in the corporate banking group at Scotiabank and the financial services audit group of Ernst & Young. The Company has accepted the resignation of Chris Deaton.
Kemper Corporation (NYSE: KMPR) announced that Frank J. Sodaro will become Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Kemper Corporation. The company also announced that Dennis Vigneau will resign his position as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Kemper. Most recently, Mr. Sodaro was Vice President of Planning and Analysis for Kemper. His previous positions include Assistant Corporate Controller, Investment Accounting Manager and Senior Auditor.
OXiGENE, Inc. (NASDAQ: OXGN) appointed Barbara Riching as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Riching joined the Company in December 2011 and since July 2012 has served as the Company’s Interim Chief Financial Officer. She previously served as the Senior Director of Finance for Abgenix, Inc. from 1999 until 2005. Prior to Abgenix, Ms. Riching worked in finance positions at ALZA Corporation, Natural Wonders, Inc., and Ernst & Young LLP.
Greatbatch, Inc. (NYSE: GB) announced that Joseph W. Dziedzic has been elected to its Board of Directors. Mr. Dziedzic also will serve on the Board’s Audit and Compensation & Organization Committees. Mr. Dziedzic currently serves as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Brink’s Company. Prior to joining Brink’s in 2009, he had a 20-year career with General Electric holding a number of positions of increasing responsibility. Mr. Dziedzic served in a number of leadership positions at General Electric including Chief Financial Officer of GE Aviation Services, Manager of Global Financial Planning & Analysis for GE Energy, and Chief Financial Officer for GE Plastics America.
Chugach Electric Association, Inc. announced that Michael R. Cunningham retired from Chugach. Ron Vecera was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer and Sr. Vice President, Finance and Administration for Chugach. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Vecera was serving as Director of Renewable Energy Business Development. Mr. Vecera has worked at Chugach for more than 30 years and has held various management positions in the areas of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs, Member Services and Planning and Rates. Mr. Vecera has also worked for the Alaska Public Utilities Commission, the predecessor to the RCA, and has an MBA degree, with a concentration in Finance, from Columbia University.
FONU2 Inc. (OTC: FONU) announced that upon the President and CEO’s resignation, Robert B. Lees, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, will serve as the Company’s interim President and Chief Executive Officer.
Veritec, Inc. (OTC: VRTC) announced the resignation of John Quentin as Chief Financial Officer of Veritec, Inc..
HealthWarehouse.com, Inc. announced that Eduardo Altamirano, the company’s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, informed us that he was resigning from all his positions at the company effective April 15, 2013.
Dole Food Company, Inc. (NYSE: DOLE) announced that Joseph S. Tesoriero has stepped down from his position as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer upon sale of the company to ITOCHU. Keith C. Mitchell, current chief financial officer of Dole’s North American Fresh Fruit business, has become Chief Financial Officer;
Ambassadors Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: EPAX) announced that upon the resignation of the Chief Executive Officer of the company, Anthony Dombrowik, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has assumed the role of Interim Chief Executive Officer.
Potlatch Corporation (NASDAQ: PCH) announced that Eric J. Cremers has been named president and chief operating officer, and elected to its board of directors. Cremers will continue to serve as chief financial officer and lead investor relations activities while a search for a successor is conducted. Cremers joined Potlatch in 2007 as vice president and chief financial officer and was promoted in 2012 to executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Potlatch, Cremers worked for Albertsons, where he served as senior vice president, corporate strategy and business development. He also worked in investment banking for Piper Jaffray and for The Pillsbury Company.
Consilio announced that Dale Bowen has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Consilio, he was vice president of finance and treasurer for GridPoint. He has also served as corporate controller for ATPCO, and as director of finance for Ceridian. 
Pendrell Corporation (NASDAQ: PCO) announced that David Rinn has been appointed vice president and chief financial officer for the company.  Mr. Rinn is replacing Thomas Neary , who submitted his resignation as vice president and chief financial officer.  Mr. Rinn served as senior vice president for strategy and corporate development from 2009 to 2011 and as chief financial officer from 2004 to 2008 for Ancestry.com Inc.  From 1992 to 2004, he held senior finance and operational roles with Microsoft Corporation, including serving as chief financial officer for that company’s Mobile and Embedded Devices division.  He began his career in the investment banking division of Morgan Stanley.
Northwest Natural Gas Company (NYSE: NWN), dba NW Natural, announced that David H. Anderson has been promoted to executive vice president of Operations and Regulation. Anderson has served as NW Natural’s senior vice president and chief financial officer since 2004. Prior to joining the company, Anderson served as senior vice president and chief financial officer for TXU Gas and controller for TXU Corporation. Stephen P. Feltz was promoted to senior vice president and chief financial officer. Feltz has been with the company since 1982 in accounting and finance senior management positions, serving as treasurer and controller since 1999.
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: SCMP) (SPI) announced it appointed Maureen E. O’Connell, executive vice president, chief administrative officer and chief financial officer of Scholastic Corporation (NASDAQ: SCHL), to its board of directors. In her 23 years of experience, she has served as chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, chief operating officer, and president for both private and public companies including Affinion Group, Inc.; Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT); Barnes & Nobel (NYSE: BKS); Publishers Clearing House; and BMG Direct. Ms. O’Connell is a former member of the board of directors of Beazer Homes (NYSE: BZH), where she served as audit chair for most of her tenure.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,405 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:
























 



 Fidelity & Guaranty Life Announces Naming of Dennis R. Vigneau as Chief Financial Officer And Other 
         










    











 






 











 









Fidelity & Guaranty Life Announces Naming of Dennis R. Vigneau as Chief Financial Officer And Other Organizational Changes

		  -Adds Extensive Public Company Experience to the Management Team-Changes Better Position FGL to Grow through Focused New Product Development-Separation of Risk and Actuarial Departments to Support Best-in-Class Risk Management
		

Jan 27, 2014, 17:19 ET
		  		  										
						 from   Fidelity & Guaranty Life 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Fidelity & Guaranty Life Logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Fidelity & Guaranty Life)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Fidelity & Guaranty Life Logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Fidelity & Guaranty Life)
 


 

 




 





 


DES MOINES, Iowa, Jan. 27, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Fidelity & Guaranty Life ("FGL"; NYSE:   FGL) announced today that Dennis R. Vigneau, the former Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Kemper Corporation, has joined the Company as Senior Vice President and will assume the position of Chief Financial Officer, effective February 12, 2014.  At that time, Wendy JB Young, currently Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, will become Chief Risk Officer for the Company, assuming this role from John O'Shaughnessy, who will continue to serve in his capacity as Senior Vice President and Chief Actuary.
(Logo:  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140122/MM51073LOGO )
Lee Launer, President and Chief Executive Officer of FGL, said: "We are pleased to welcome Dennis to FGL.  Dennis has extensive experience as a public-company CFO in the insurance sector and will be a great asset as we embark on the next phase of our growth and development as a public company.  I am also delighted that we will continue to benefit from Wendy's talent and expertise as she assumes her new position as Chief Risk Officer.  Wendy played a critical role in the success of our IPO in December and her combination of actuarial science and financial accounting skills makes her uniquely qualified to lead our risk office.  In addition, as our Chief Actuary, John will play a pivotal role as he leads the development of new products in support of our sales goals."
Phillip J. Gass, Chairman of FGL's Board of Directors, said: "These are great changes for our company, which further reinforce our bench strength, boost our public-company experience and underscore our commitment to best-in-class risk management – all while maintaining the continuity of our senior executive team.  We are thrilled with having Dennis aboard and believe that with these changes we are ideally positioned to execute our business plan." 
Dennis R. Vigneau, 47, served as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Kemper Corporation (formerly Unitrin Inc.) from November 2010 to March 15, 2013.  Previously, he served as a  senior financial executive of American Life Insurance Company, formerly a unit of AIG; as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Retirement and Protection Segment of Genworth Financial and Vice President, Financial Planning for Genworth Financial Holding.  He has substantial experience in financial reporting and internal controls, capital and risk management, strategic planning and mergers and acquisitions.  Mr. Vigneau has a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Southern New Hampshire University.
About Fidelity & Guaranty Life 
Fidelity & Guaranty Life is the parent company of Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Company. Originally incorporated in 1959, the direct insurance writer has a solid commitment to serving the individuals it knows best – consumers seeking the safety, protection, accumulation and income features of secure life insurance and annuity products. Through its insurance subsidiaries, Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Company and Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Company of New York, the company is a leading provider of fixed indexed annuity and fixed indexed universal life products. Visit us at:  www.fglife.com
Forward Looking Statements
This press release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which may be beyond our control. We caution you that the forward-looking information presented in this press release is not a guarantee of future events, and that actual events may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking information contained in this press release. In addition, forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "plan," "seek," "comfortable with," "will," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe" or "continue" or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar terminology. A number of important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from those contained in or implied by the forward-looking statements, including those factors discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission's (the "SEC"), including our Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-190880), which can be found at the SEC's website www.sec.gov. Any forward-looking information presented herein is made only as of the date of this press release, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise.
Investor Contact: 
Paul Tyler
Fidelity & Guaranty Life
paul.tyler@fglife.com
410-895-0131
914-356-2138
Media Contact: 
Sard Verbinnen & Co
Jamie Tully or David Millar, 212-687-8080
 SOURCE  Fidelity & Guaranty Life  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.fglife.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Feb 06, 2014, 16:05 ET
Preview: Fidelity & Guaranty Life Reports First Quarter Fiscal 2014 Results




















Jan 24, 2014, 17:00 ET
Preview: Fidelity & Guaranty Life Reschedules Date For Fiscal 2014 First Quarter Earnings Release








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











May 15, 2017, 16:15 ET
Fidelity & Guaranty Life Declares Quarterly Dividend and...














May 15, 2017, 16:15 ET
Fidelity & Guaranty Life To Report Fiscal Third Quarter 2017...














May 15, 2017, 16:15 ET
Fidelity & Guaranty Life Holdings, Inc. Announces Date for Fiscal...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 