 



Materion Corporation Announces Planned Leadership Succession | Business Wire


























































Materion Corporation Announces Planned Leadership Succession












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Jugal K. Vijayvargiya, President and Chief Executive Officer, Materion Corporation (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Jugal K. Vijayvargiya, President and Chief Executive Officer, Materion Corporation (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












Richard J. Hipple, Executive Chairman, Materion Corporation (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














March 03, 2017 08:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



MAYFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Materion Corporation (NYSE:MTRN) announced today its Board of Directors 
      has completed the planned succession of its top leadership with the 
      appointment of Richard J. Hipple, 64, Chairman, President and Chief 
      Executive Officer of the Company since 2006, to Executive Chairman, a 
      responsibility he will hold until retirement planned for within one 
      year. Jugal K. Vijayvargiya has joined Materion and succeeded Mr. Hipple 
      as President and Chief Executive Officer, reporting to the Company’s 
      Board of Directors. Mr. Vijayvargiya has also been appointed as a 
      Materion director.
    

      Mr. Vijayvargiya has an extensive 26-year international career with 
      Delphi Automotive PLC, a leading global technology solutions provider to 
      the automotive and transportation sectors. Since 2012, he has led Delphi 
      Automotive’s Electronics & Safety segment, a $3 billion global business 
      based in Germany. The segment provides leading-edge automated driving, 
      active safety, infotainment, user experience, and software/services 
      technologies from manufacturing and technology centers across 16 
      countries. In this role, Mr. Vijayvargiya has served as an officer of 
      Delphi and a member of its Executive Committee. Previously, he served in 
      progressively responsible positions in Europe and North America in 
      product and manufacturing engineering, sales, product line management, 
      acquisition integration and general management.
    

      He received both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in electrical 
      engineering from The Ohio State University.
    

      Under Mr. Hipple’s leadership, Materion has significantly transformed 
      from its origins as a traditional mining and metals-focused producer 
      into a leading, global advanced materials enterprise, focused on growth 
      markets and underpinned by a strong balance sheet. A series of 
      synergistic and value-accretive advanced materials acquisitions 
      completed under his direction have been pivotal to the Company’s growth 
      and diversification, and have strengthened its underlying profitability.
    

      Remarking on his transition to Executive Chairman, Mr. Hipple said, “It 
      has been a tremendous privilege to have served as CEO during a period of 
      unprecedented challenge and change within Materion. With phenomenal 
      products, long-term growth markets, a strong management team, and the 
      intensity and loyalty of the Company’s employees around the globe, 
      Materion is well-placed for future success. This is the perfect time for 
      an orderly hand-off of leadership. Jugal is an outstanding choice for 
      that responsibility. He brings a proven track record of organic and 
      inorganic growth, excellent operational skills and international 
      experience – all critical to Materion’s strategy. I look forward to 
      supporting him in his transition.”
    

      Commenting on his appointment, Mr. Vijayvargiya said, “Materion is a 
      well-respected leader in advanced, enabling materials with exceptional 
      organizational values, a deep culture of innovation and a remarkable 
      heritage. I am excited and proud to have the opportunity to lead the 
      Company to its next level of long-term success, delivering results and 
      building on the accomplishments of Dick and the talented Materion team. 
      I am very confident in the future growth prospects for Materion and am 
      greatly honored by the trust the Board has placed in me to take the 
      Company forward.”
    

      Materion Corporation is headquartered in Mayfield Heights, Ohio. The 
      Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, supplies highly 
      engineered advanced enabling materials to global markets. Products 
      include precious and non-precious specialty metals, inorganic chemicals 
      and powders, specialty coatings, specialty engineered beryllium alloys, 
      beryllium and beryllium composites, and engineered clad and plated metal 
      systems.
    




Contacts

      Materion CorporationInvestor Contact:Stephen 
      F. Shamrock, 216-383-4010stephen.shamrock@materion.comorMedia 
      Contact:Patrick S. Carpenter, 216-383-6835patrick.carpenter@materion.comorhttp://www.materion.comMayfield 
      Hts-g
    
















Contacts

      Materion CorporationInvestor Contact:Stephen 
      F. Shamrock, 216-383-4010stephen.shamrock@materion.comorMedia 
      Contact:Patrick S. Carpenter, 216-383-6835patrick.carpenter@materion.comorhttp://www.materion.comMayfield 
      Hts-g
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    Jugal Vijayvargiya | Delphi Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 



Stock Quotes & Company News | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















People: Materion Corp (MTRN.K)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerBasic MaterialsSpecialty Mining & Metals












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				MTRN.K on New York Consolidated


				39.05USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.30


					            (+0.77%)
					        






Prev Close

$38.75


Open

$38.65




Day's High

$39.40


Day's Low

$38.58




Volume

157,201


Avg. Vol

95,825




52-wk High

$41.22


52-wk Low

$25.65










	Vijayvargiya, Jugal 





	Mr. Jugal K. Vijayvargiya serves as President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of the Company. Mr. Vijayvargiya has an extensive 26-year international career with Delphi Automotive PLC, a leading global technology solutions provider to the automotive and transportation sectors. Since 2012, he has led Delphi Automotive's Electronics & Safety segment, a $3 billion global business based in Germany. The segment provides leading-edge automated driving, active safety, infotainment, user experience, and software/services technologies from manufacturing and technology centers across 16 countries. In this role, Mr. Vijayvargiya has served as an officer of Delphi and a member of its Executive Committee. Previously, he served in progressively responsible positions in Europe and North America in product and manufacturing engineering, sales, product line management, acquisition integration and general management. He received both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in electrical engineering from The Ohio State University.



Basic Compensation




Total Annual Compensation, 
--


Restricted Stock Awards, 
--


Long-Term Incentive Plans, 
--


All Other, 
--


Fiscal Year Total, 
--








Options Compensation




 
Quantity
Market Value


Exercisable
--
--


Unexercisable
--
--


Exercised
--
--














					Basic Compensation






Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Richard Hipple

4,581,250




							Jugal Vijayvargiya

--




							Joseph Kelley

--




							Gregory Chemnitz

1,301,880




							Stephen Shamrock

--




							Christopher Eberhardt

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2014

» View All Officers
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerBasic MaterialsSpecialty Mining & Metals























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












MTRN Jugal K. Vijayvargiya Insider Trades for Materion Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Materion Corp.

                  NYSE: MTRN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Materion Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:29 p.m.


MTRN

/quotes/zigman/3651258/composite


$
39.05




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 1,400
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/3651258/composite
Previous close

$
			38.75
		


$
				39.05
			
Change

+0.30
+0.77%





Day low
Day high
$38.58
$39.40










52 week low
52 week high

            $25.65
        

            $41.23
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Jugal K. Vijayvargiya



Mr. Jugal K. Vijayvargiya is Senior VP, President-Electronics & Safety at Delphi Automotive LLP and President at Delphi Electronics & Safety. He is on the Board of Directors at Materion Corp. Mr. Vijayvargiya was previously employed as Senior VP, President-Electronics & Safety by Delphi Automotive Plc. He received his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University and a graduate degree from The Ohio State University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/03/2017
10,641


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Richard J. Hipple 
Chairman




Mr. Jugal K. Vijayvargiya 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Joseph P. Kelley 
Chief Financial Officer & Vice President




Mr. Christopher E. Eberhardt 
Vice President-Tax & Treasury




Mr. Stephen F. Shamrock 
Vice President, Controller & Head-IR Contact




Mr. Patrick S. Carpenter 
Media Contact




Mr. Gregory R. Chemnitz 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Vinod M.  Khilnani 
Independent Director




Mr. William B. Lawrence 
Lead Independent Director




Dr. N. Mohan Reddy 
Independent Director




Mr. Craig S. Shular 
Independent Director




Mr. Bob B. Toth 
Independent Director




Mr. Geoffrey  Wild 
Independent Director




Dr. Darlene J. S. Solomon 
Independent Director




Mr. Joseph P. Keithley 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:35 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Jugal Vijayvargiya, Materion Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Jugal Vijayvargiya

President/CEO,
Materion Corp






Career History




President/CEO
Materion Corp, 3/2017-PRESENT


Senior VP/Pres:Electronics & Safety
Delphi Automotive PLC, 2/2012-2/2017


VP:Infotainment
Delphi Electronics And Safety, 8/2009-UNKNOWN


General Director
Controls & Security Pbu, 2006-UNKNOWN


Executive:Business Line
Delphi Electrical/Electronic Architecture, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.materion.com






Corporate Information
Address:

6070 Parkland Blvd
Mayfield Heights, OH 44124
United States


Phone:
1-216-486-4200


Fax:
1-216-383-4091


Web url:
www.materion.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Ohio State University
Bachelor's Degree, Electrical Engineering


Ohio State University
Master's Degree, Electrical Engineering








Memberships



Board Memberships




Materion Corp


Board Member, 3/2017-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











































































Career Briefs: Jugal K. Vijayvargiya to replace Richard J. Hipple as Materion's President, CEO and Director | Business | indiawest.com



















You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article




































                                Home
                            



                                        About Us
                                    


                                        Contact Us
                                    


                                        Advertise With Us
                                    


                                        Subscription Services
                                    


                                        Submission Forms
                                    


                                        Local Weather
                                    





                                News
                            



                                        Business
                                    


                                        Global Indian
                                    


                                        India
                                    


                                        Technology
                                    





                                Entertainment
                            



                                        Bollywood
                                    


                                        Global
                                    


                                        Interviews
                                    


                                        Movie Reviews
                                    


                                        South Indian
                                    


                                        Television
                                    



                                Photos/Videos
                            




                                Sports
                            






                                Calendar
                            



                                        Northern California
                                    


                                        Southern California
                                    


                                        Other States
                                    





                                Life & Style
                            



                                        Health/Beauty
                                    


                                        Fashion
                                    


                                        Relationships
                                    


                                        Youth/Education
                                    


                                        Food
                                    


                                        Restaurants
                                    



                                Weddings
                            




                                Horoscope
                            




                                Classifieds
                            




                                Letters
                            




                                Blogs/Opinions
                            




                                Advertise With Us
                            


















































Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout























































Close




1 of 2
                    













Jugal K. Vijayvargiya 





























































Mahesh Madhavan 















































































        
        Career Briefs: Jugal K. Vijayvargiya to replace Richard J. Hipple as Materion's President, CEO and Director
    


Compiled by GIOVANNI ALBANESE Jr.

Apr 7, 2017
 0


























































Jugal K. Vijayvargiya 



























Mahesh Madhavan 




























































• Materion Corporation announced that Jugal K. Vijayvargiya will replace Richard J. Hipple as the company's president and CEO, as well as its director. Vijayvargiya has previously worked at Delphi Automotive PLC, a global technology solutions provider to the automotive and transportation sectors, as well as in progressively responsible positions in Europe and North America in product and manufacturing engineering, sales, product line management, acquisition integration and general management. He received both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in electrical engineering from The Ohio State University.• Korn Ferry, a global people and organizational advisory firm, named Dhritiman Chakrabarti senior client partner of the Korn Ferry Hay Group. Previously he was the regional leader for the rewards, talent and communications business for Asia Pacific in a leading global advisory firm. Chakrabarti is a graduate of Delhi University and the Institute of Management Technology in India.• Fitbit Inc., a connected health and fitness market leader, announced Samir Kapoor has been promoted from VP of engineering to senior VP of device engineering. Kapoor most recently was with Qualcomm. Kapoor is a graduate of IIT Bombay, Washington State University, the University of Notre Dame and the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.
• ACR Alpine Capital Research LLC, a value-oriented asset management firm, named Neel Shah as a portfolio manager. Prior to joining ACR, Shah was at BlueMountain Capital Management and Oaktree Capital Management.• Family-owned Bacardi Limited, one of the world’s largest privately held spirits companies, announced that Mahesh Madhavan, a 20-year Bacardi veteran, will succeed Michael J. Dolan as CEO in April 2018. Madhavan was previously a member of the company’s global leadership team and regional president of Asia, Middle East and Africa. During the transition, Madhavan will serve as regional president of Europe for much of 2017. During his tenure at Bacardi, Madhavan has held leading roles within various emerging markets including managing director of India, Thailand and the Philippines, and South Asia and Southeast Asia. He has also led the company’s Emerging Market Council.• Voisin Consulting Life Sciences named Dr. Gopalan Narayanan VP of disruptive biologics. Narayanan was previously at the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency for 12 years, four years leading the Biologicals Unit.
• Farient Advisors, an independent corporate governance and executive compensation advisory firm, named Zanvi Patel as a partner. Patel was previously at E*TRADE Financial in varying roles of leadership, as well as a consultant at McLagan and Johnson Associates. She holds a M.B.A. and a B.S. from the NYU Stern School of Business.• OFG Bancorp named Ganesh Kumar, formerly executive VP and CFO, as senior executive VP and COO. Kumar will also be in charge of OFG’s strategic business development and expansion endeavors. Kumar, 52, who has a doctorate in management from Case Western Reserve University in Ohio, joined OFG in 2004 as an EVP and has been the CFO since 2012.













































































×
Post a comment as 







Emoticons 


[smile]
[beam]
[wink]
[sad]
[cool]
[innocent]
[rolleyes]
[whistling]
[lol]
[huh]
[tongue]
[love]
[sleeping]
[yawn]
[unsure]
[angry]
[blink]
[crying]
[ohmy]
[scared]
[sleep]
[sneaky]
[tongue_smile]
[thumbdown]
[thumbup]
[censored]
[happybirthday]
[ban]
[spam]
[offtopic]
[batman]
[ninja]
[pirate]
[alien]



Comment Text





Cancel


Post comment













×
Report








Cancel


Report Abuse
















×

Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.








                            Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion
                        

                            Notifications from this discussion will be disabled.
                        



Cancel



Start watching
Stop watching












 (0) comments 
                            
                        





Welcome to the discussion.


Log In



Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
racist or sexually-oriented language.
PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.
Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another
person will not be tolerated.
Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone
or anything.
Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
that is degrading to another person.
Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on
each comment to let us know of abusive posts.
Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness
accounts, the history behind an article.



Post a comment



Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.




































                
                Submit Your News
                
                    




We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Go to form






                
                Latest News
                
            







        

        
        India Leads by 498 Thanks to Push from Mukund, Kohli in First Test Versus Sri Lanka



        

        
        Sri Lankan Teacher Gethsie Shanmugam Among 2017 Magsaysay Awards Winners



        

        
        Kareena Kapoor’s “3 Idiots” Ladakh Scene Inspires Making of a Tourist Spot



        

        
        BREAKING NEWS: Synagogue Firebomber Aakash Dalal Sentenced to 35 Years in Prison



        

        
        Supreme Court Rules Against Abortion for 10-year-old Rape Victim



        

        
        Pro Kabaddi League Opener: Telugu Titans Beat Tamil Thalaivas



        

        
        ‘The Boss Baby’ Technical Director Sakshi Verma Gratified to Find Place in Hollywood



        

        
        Pediatric Surgeon Shreyas Roy, Originally from New York, Dies in Tragic Accident in Montreal







                
                Most Popular
                
            






 Articles


 Images


 Videos


 Commented




ArticlesZee TV Back with New Season of ‘Fear Files – Darr Ki Sacchi Tasveerein’Kumar Sanu’s Daughter Shannon K. Is Stepping into Her Father’s Shoes, But in HollywoodIndo-Canadian Actress Meaghan Rath Joins Cast of ‘Hawaii Five-O’Indian Students Admitted to U.S. Universities Concerned about Physical SafetyUniversity of Missouri Team Develops Non-toxic Gold Nanoparticles for Ayurveda Treatment‘Runner’ in IRS Phone Scam Arrested for Bilking $360K from Elderly U.S. ResidentsIndian American Student Dances Her Way to ‘So You Think You Can Dance’NASA Ames Researcher Targeted in Apparent Hate Crime in Central California‘Mubarakan’ Music Review: Another Hindi Film Offers Punjabi Overdose AgainMichigan Couple Charged with Soliciting Daughter’s Friends for Videotaped Sex

Images






























Videos


























































CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.








                
                Upcoming Events
                
                    







Jul
29





        

        
        SPIRITUAL EVENT - Pasadena, CA.



            Sat, Jul 29, 2017 @ 4:00 pm
        





Jul
29





        

        
        TELUGU KARAOKE – San Ramon, CA



            Sat, Jul 29, 2017 @ 6:00 pm
        





Jul
29





        

        
        DANCE PARTY – Portland, Oregon



            Sat, Jul 29, 2017 @ 9:00 pm
        





Jul
30





        

        
        RATH YATRA – San Francisco, CA



            Sun, Jul 30, 2017 @ 11:00 am
        





Jul
30





        

        
        URDU MEHFIL - Milpitas



            Sun, Jul 30, 2017 @ 3:00 pm
        





Jul
30





        

        
        COMEDY PLAY – Fullerton, CA



            Sun, Jul 30, 2017 @ 6:30 pm
        





Jul
31





        

        
        COMEDY PLAY – Norco, CA



            Mon, Jul 31, 2017 @ 7:30 pm
        





Aug
4





        

        
        DEVOTIONAL PROGRAM – San Jose, CA



            Fri, Aug 4, 2017 @ 6:30 pm
        





Aug
4





        

        
        DANCE EVENT – San Francisco, CA



            Fri, Aug 4, 2017 @ 9:00 pm
        




























































                
                Most Popular
                
            






 Articles


 Images


 Videos


 Commented




ArticlesZee TV Back with New Season of ‘Fear Files – Darr Ki Sacchi Tasveerein’Kumar Sanu’s Daughter Shannon K. Is Stepping into Her Father’s Shoes, But in HollywoodIndo-Canadian Actress Meaghan Rath Joins Cast of ‘Hawaii Five-O’Indian Students Admitted to U.S. Universities Concerned about Physical SafetyUniversity of Missouri Team Develops Non-toxic Gold Nanoparticles for Ayurveda Treatment‘Runner’ in IRS Phone Scam Arrested for Bilking $360K from Elderly U.S. ResidentsIndian American Student Dances Her Way to ‘So You Think You Can Dance’NASA Ames Researcher Targeted in Apparent Hate Crime in Central California‘Mubarakan’ Music Review: Another Hindi Film Offers Punjabi Overdose AgainMichigan Couple Charged with Soliciting Daughter’s Friends for Videotaped Sex

Images






























Videos


























































CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.



© Copyright 2017 India West, 933 MacArthur Blvd San Leandro, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started







































Materion appoints Jugal K. Vijayvargiya as CEO










 




RSS   Newsletter   Contact   Advertise with us










 





News Business Careers Politics Companies Earnings Economy Agrifish Leadership Crime Economic Calendar Travel Sea, Land, Air Design Gadgets Health Meantime 

 


 

Materion appoints Jugal K. Vijayvargiya as CEO  Staff Writer |   Mayfield Heights, Oh., USA  | Monday March 6, 2017 5:45AM ET  Materion Corporation, a producer of high performance advanced engineered materials, announced that it has appointed Jugal K. Vijayvargiya as director, president and chief executive officer. 
Mr. Vijayvargiya has an extensive 26-year international career with Delphi Automotive. Since 2012, he has led Delphi Automotive’s Electronics & Safety segment based in Germany. 
Mr. Vijayvargiya has served as an officer of Delphi and a member of its Executive Committee.
Previously, he served in progressively responsible positions in Europe and North America in product and manufacturing engineering, sales, product line management, acquisition integration and general management.
Mr. Vijayvargiya received both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in electrical engineering from The Ohio State University. ■   LATEST MOVES FROM Ohio Wendy's Company elects Kristin A. Dolan as directorLSI Industries appoints James E. Galeese as CFOCECO Environmental names Dennis Sadlowski as CEOTimken appoints Elizabeth A. Harrell as directorCECO Environmental appoints David B. Liner to board More inside POSTExxon sues U.S. over fine levied for Russia  CompaniesSuppliers will pay fine to Wal-Mart if they are late. Or early. Or not packed properly. Or...  Companies  United Airlines defers long-haul A350 jets  CompaniesUK's SSE loses 230,000 customers in first quarter  Companies
 





 


MOST READ MOVES

• Thomas Cook Group appoints two directors• US Steel appoints Kevin P. Bradley as CFO• Standard Chartered appoints Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as director• Intertek appoints Graham Allan as director• British American Tobacco adds three directors

 

 More from this section

Standard Chartered appoints Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as directorThomas Cook Group appoints two directors Intertek appoints Graham Allan as directorHP chairman Meg Whitman steps down US Steel appoints Kevin P. Bradley as CFOQuintilesIMS appoints Colleen Goggins to board Johnson Matthey appoints John O'Higgins as directorInnovaDerma appoints Ross Andrews as director  

 
 




 
 

 




 
 
 
 

News| 
		Business| 
		Careers| 
		Politics| 
		Companies| 
		Earnings| 
		Economy| 
		Agrifish| 
		Leadership| 
		Crime| 
		Economic Calendar| 
		Travel| 
		Sea, Land, Air| 
		Design
Gadgets|
		Health| 
		Meantime| 
		Widgets| 
		Weather| 
		Newsletter| 
		Site Map| 
		Contact| 
		Advertise with us| 
		About us| 
		Privacy Policy
Google+| 
		Twitter| 
		LinkedIn

Copyright 2017 Histerius Company



We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Please allow cookies for fully-functioning website.Allow Cookies Privacy Policy

 
 


