










 







Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Virgo Investment Group Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Maples Corporate Services Limited Ugland House, Box 309 S Church St 
    George Town, Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1104Phone: 650-486-1953 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-02


New


$8,500,000


$8,500,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Virgo Investment Group Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Virgo Societas Partners Iv, Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 















Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Virgo Societas Partners, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Virgo Societas Partners, Llc 555 Twin Dolphin Drive, Suite 615 
    Redwood Shores, CA, 94065Phone: (650) 486-1953 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2014-05-01


Amended


$110,700,000


$47,500,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-05-01


New


$63,200,000


$63,200,000


Equity Only


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Virgo Societas Partners, Llc Virgo Societas Partners, Llc 
 Executive 


 Virgo Societas Partners, Llc 
 Executive 


 Jesse Watson 
 Executive 














Virgo Investment Group, LLC













































imagine
“Market Seams” where there are dislocations,mis-pricings, and inflection points in value





Media platform in music publishing focused on catalog acquisitions and artist financings







proactive sourcing
Leverage the firm’s network to find actionable opportunities within these identified “Market Seams”





Private financings for clean energy upgrades and property maintenance needs for residential and commercial buildings







structuring
Further mitigate downside risks and drive consistent returns through investment structure





Debt and equity commitment to facilitate M&A and organic growth initiatives for clinical research organization







re-invent
Businesses in partnership with founders, family owners and management





Preferred equity investment to facilitate franchisee acquisitions and organic growth initiatives











Virgo Investment Group is an opportunistic, value investor with a unique investment strategy.
We are innovators at Virgo. We are fixated with understanding and capitalizing on change. We are incredibly curious, but we are also intensely focused on the process of executing our ideas.









Aviation &  Niche Industrials





Find & Capitalize on “Market Seams”
Virgo has a demonstrated ability to identify less efficient market segments and areas of corporate change (or “market seams”) across market and business cycles. Virgo leverages macro-economic and industry viewpoints to identify these seams.
Find out more 





FINDING AND CAPITALIZING ON “MARKET SEAMS”
Virgo seeks to identify less efficient market segments and areas of corporate change (or “market seams”) across market and business cycles. Virgo leverages macro-economic and industry viewpoints to identify these seams.
Virgo’s market seams approach to investing underpins focused, thematic idea generation and proactive sourcing in the firm’s core industries.
This approach best positions Virgo to generate attractive returns in both up and down markets as well as returns that are less correlated with market credit spreads and/or corporate valuation multiples.
Virgo has capitalized on three separate market seams within the aviation sector over the last five years and has invested approximately $80 million in equity capital in the industry, completing transactions with eight different airline operators and lessors.
Virgo provides creative capital solutions to counterparties who have fleet management needs related to mid-life aircraft. Virgo is also active in engine trading and leasing. Virgo’s strategy leverages twenty year relationships with aircraft and engine manufacturers, airlines and key leasing companies around the world.
Allan McArtor, Chairman of Airbus North America said, “Virgo is a creative and thoughtful investor. They have cultivated deep and long-standing relationships throughout the aviation industry.”






Zephyrus Capital
Commercial aircraft and engine
trading and leasing platform












Energy





Contrarian Disposition and A Focus on Innovation
Virgo approaches investment opportunities with a contrarian disposition and a focus on innovation. Virgo has built an organization with an ability to understand complex situations, storied industries or companies, and corporate events that create an inflection point in asset value.
Find out more 





CONTRARIAN DISPOSITION AND AFOCUS ON INNOVATION
Virgo approaches investment opportunities with a contrarian disposition and a focus on innovation.
Virgo has built an organization with an ability to understand complex situations, storied industries or companies, and corporate events that create an inflection point in asset value.
In July 2014, Virgo funded $19 million of a $30 million commitment to Ygrene Energy.  Virgo believes that the current backdrop in the commercial banking sector creates a market seam for developing innovative financing solutions and specialty finance companies.
Ygrene, founded in 2010, focuses on Property Assessed Clean Energy (“PACE”) financings for both residential and commercial properties.  Ygrene works with county and city districts to develop and administer PACE programs.  PACE is an adaptation of a financing method that state and local governments in the United States have used for decades.  Ygrene’s product allows property owners to finance both on-going maintenance needs as well as value-added cost-saving retrofits, at a low cost and on a non-recourse (or off balance sheet) basis,which maximizes property owners’ financial flexibility and value.
“We are thrilled to have Virgo as a partner.  The Virgo team has been highly collaborative and creative in structuring this transaction to meet our unique needs. We look forward to working with Virgo as we expand Ygrene’s footprint and accelerate our origination efforts,” said Stacey Lawson, Ygrene’s President and CEO.






Ygrene energy
Energy specialty finance company

Growth Capital
Private financings for clean energy
upgrades and property maintenance
needs for residential and
commercial buildings
July 2014










SPECIALTY FINANCE & REAL ESTATE





Creative Investment Structuring
A flexible mandate and creative transaction structuring skills allow Virgo to create unique opportunities out of identified market seams. Virgo seeks to enhance principle protection and drive more consistent return outcomes through investment structuring and portfolio construction.
Find out more 





CREATIVE INVESTMENT STRUCTURING
A flexible mandate and creative transaction structuring skills allow Virgo to create unique opportunities out of identified market seams.
Virgo seeks to enhance principal protection and drive more consistent return outcomes through investment structuring and portfolio construction.
In November 2013, Virgo completed a highly structured, credit investment in Hawkeye Partners (“Hawkeye”), a premier real estate private equity firm.
Hawkeye creates investment management programs in the real estate asset class for leading institutional investors.  These programs seek to create a more efficient allocation of capital to the next generation of real estate investment managers, developers and operators and to provide investors with diversification among a variety of strategies, property types and geographic areas selected by Hawkeye on a thematic basis.
The Virgo investment enabled Hawkeye’s founders to refinance a minority shareholder who had provided the working capital to launch their firm in 2005.  The transaction capitalizes on an inflection point in the asset values of high-quality commercial properties acquired by the Scout Funds during the financial crisis.
Hawkeye Co-founders Claudia Faust and Scott McArtor noted at the closing of the transaction, “We are impressed by Virgo’s creativity in structuring an investment that suited our needs.  We look forward to our partnership with Virgo.  We are all very pleased with the transaction.”






Hawkeye partners
A premier private equity firm that
seeds real estate investment
managers and developers

Recapitalization
November 2013










media &entertainment





Ideas + Human Capital
Virgo is looking for situations where there is an identified inflection point in value. Virgo seeks to build value beyond the purchase price of acquired investments in partnership with founder entrepreneurs and/or family and corporate owners.
Find out more 
HUMAN CAPITAL






IDEAS + Human Capital
Virgo is looking for situations where there is an identified inflection point in value. Virgo seeks to build value beyond the purchase price of acquired investments in partnership with founder entrepreneurs and/or existing management.
The Virgo model emphasizes the combination of ideas and human capital.
Founded in October 2013 by Richard Stumpf, Virgo portfolio company Atlas Music Publishing is a service-oriented and digital market-minded alternative to big box, high volume music publishing.  Atlas boasts a roster of hit-makers that spans multiple music genres and currently represents songs performed by top stars including Van Halen, the Counting Crow, John Legend, Daughtry, Hillary Duff, Colbie Caillat, Icona Pop, Krewella, Keyshia Cole, and Prince Royce.  To date, Atlas has partnered with established songwriter including Toby Gad and Printz Board as well as emerging artists such as The Falls, Tdot, Street Joy, and Daniel and the Lion.  Atlas hit-maker, Toby Gad, who co-wrote “All of Me” with John Legend, was ranked as the #3 songwriter in the US for 2014 by Billboard, based on quarterly air plays.
Richard Stumpf stated, “Atlas was created to bring a new, creative mindset to music publishing.  We seek (i) to build authentic, hands-on partnerships with songwriters; (ii) to unlock alternative paths to consumer discovery for our artists, and; (iii) to embrace the industry’s digital future through innovative techniques for maximizing the value of our artists’ intellectual property.  At Atlas, we believe the current expansion of streaming models represents a positive paradigm shift for industry revenues.  However, it is more critical than ever to have a strong publisher given the many ways music is discovered and consumed today.  Atlas is actively working with writers in the new copyright creation process, which complements our business of acquiring and reinvigorating portfolios of timeless songs”
In September 2014 Atlas closed the acquisition of the Combustion Music publishing catalog and the launch of a long-term joint venture with Combustion Music (“Combustion”) to sign new publishing clients under the Combustion Atlas banner.   The catalog acquired by Atlas consists of 217 released tracks, including seventeen #1 singles and fourteen Top 10 singles with a combined four million radio spins to-date for its top thirty one songs, seventeen songs with an average of more than 100,000 spins per annum, and five songs with an average of more than 200,000 spins per annum (for context, Darius Rucker’s “Wagon Wheel” was the most-played country song in 2013 with 229,633 spins in the 180 markets monitored by Mediabase).  It also includes four soon to be released singles, nine “cuts,” forty five tracks on hold with artists for future release and a rich library of presently unproduced songs.  Prominent songs in the acquired catalog include, “Somethin’ Bad” by Miranda Lambert and Carrie Underwood, “Bottoms Up” by Bradley Gilbert, “Rewind” by Rascal Flatts, “Yeah” by Joe Nichols, “Crash My Party” by Luke Bryan, “Play It Again” by Luke Bryan, “Runnin’ Outta Moonlight” by Randy Houser, “Good Girl” by Carrie Underwood, “Mr. Know It All” by Kelly Clarkson, “Where It’s At” by Dustin Lynch, “Cop Car” by Keith Urban, “See You Tonight” by Scott McCreery, “Radio” by Darius Rucker, and “Why Ya Wanna” by Jana Kramer.






ATLAS
MUSIC PUBLISHING
Boutique music publishing company

Acquisition Capital
Media platform in music publishing focused on
catalog acquisitions and artist financings
October 2013












Ideas &Human Capital







IDEAS
We are an “imagineer” at Virgo. We are an investment idea generator and an allocator of capital in the businesses that we own.
We seek to partner with founders and great operators both as a credit and structured equity investor.



Human Capital
People are the key to executing our ideas – to invention and reinvention in the businesses that we own. We seek to build value beyond the purchase price of an acquired asset in partnership with great operators.
From day one, we built our business with the core skills of understanding people and supporting our management team partners in executing their vision. Our partners, Gary Krauthamer and Todd Dorfman, lead this capability for Virgo. (see Gary and Todd case studies)



VIRGO CASE STUDIES



SPECIALTY FINANCE




During this process we have met with many accomplished firms, a significant number of whom offered possible solutions.  After careful study and analysis and extensive interaction, LCA came to the conclusion that Virgo, with its creative  capacities, financial strength, and extensive connections, was the answer...





HEALTH CARE




“Following years of successful growth, our Company is at an exciting inflection point.  The Virgo investment allows Clinipace to further secure our leadership position servicing biotech and pharma clients by adding additional breadth and depth to our operations.  With Virgo, we found investors who not only think about innovation like we do, but who also provided a differentiated financing solution that met our unique needs.”




GARY AND TODD CASE STUDIES
Partners Gary Krauthamer and Todd Dorfman lead the human capital function at Virgo.Gary and Todd founded and run Krauthamer and Associates, a boutique executive search firm. Gary and Todd have a twenty plus year history of supporting talented executives in growing their companies, including several Fortune 100 businesses that emerged as leaders in their respective industries..



AVIATION & NICHE INDUSTRIALS

30 Year Relationship



Gary Krauthamer helped us build a tremendous management team. His judgments on people are exceptional.....





Healthcare

20 Year Relationship



During the more than 10 years I was involved in working with Gary I always found him to be highly professional  and extremely responsive. His background enables him to understand our various business units and support the needs of the organization in virtually any area. He helped us build the core team that supported the growth of our company and continued to support us post our sale to United...





Real Estate & Specialty Finance

10 Year Relationship



We have worked with Todd for over 10 years. During that time we have completed multiple acquisitions and a subsequent initial public offering. Todd has been on call to help us identify key additions to our team nationally in order to support our continued growth. We have developed a programmatic and ongoing relationship with him because we trust him to think of our best interests in all matters. It has been and continues to be a very successful partnership.





Specialty Finance

10 Year Relationship



Todd has been a tremendous partner for over 15 years. I have had the good fortune of working with Todd on all 3 companies that I have started. The firm understands the value of human capital at the  highest level. Their integrity is beyond reproach. In addition, Todd’s ability to identity talent that is the best fit for a company is the strongest in the industry.





Energy

5 Year Relationship



We have grown exponentially in the past five years. Gary and his team have  provided us with solid employees to make that growth and our business success possible.










Health Care





Re-Invent Businesses in Partnership with Great Operators
Virgo works side-by-side with its management team partners to re-invent the companies in which it invests. Relationships are the foundation of our business.
Find out more 





Re-Invent Businesses in Partnership with Owners and Management
Virgo works side-by-side with management to seek optimal ways to re-invent the company to achieve organizational goals and initiatives. 
In January 2015, Virgo completed an investment in Clinipace Worldwide. The combined debt and structured equity financing will assist Clinipace in capitalizing on a pipeline of corporate acquisitions that deepen its global footprint and expand its therapeutic expertise.
Clinipace, headquartered in North Carolina, is a global, digital clinical research organization (dCRO). The Clinipace technology platform delivers industry-leading integration, collaboration and visibility among the functions of a typical clinical trial allowing trials to be completed more reliably and at a lower cost.
Jeff Williams, Clinipace Founder and CEO, said, “Following years of successful growth, our Company is at an exciting inflection point. Virgo investment allows Clinipace to further secure our leadership position servicing biotech and pharma clients by adding additional breadth and depth to our operations. With Virgo, we found investors who not only think about innovation like we do, but who also provided a differentiated financing solution that met our unique needs. We look forward to collaborating with the Virgo team.”






 
CLINIPACE WORLD WIDE
 
A LEADING GLOBAL, DIGITAL CLINICAL
RESEARCH ORGANIZATION (DCRO).

Growth and Acquisition Capital 
 
 
January 2015









HOW WE DO IT -OUR PHILOSOPHY



Shared Control Focus / Partnership Mentality
We seek to partner with founders, family shareholders and corporate owners to build value beyond the purchase price of acquired assets or companies




Differentiated Ideas
People ask us how we are different. We are different because we have different ideas. We are focused on innovation, reinvention and transforming the value parameters of the businesses that we own or lend to




Human Capital
Understanding people and supporting our management team partners is the core of our strategy and firm skill set




Creative Structuring
A flexible mandate to invest in both credit and equity securities allows us to create differentiated financing solutions for companies and asset owners



HOW WE DO IT -OUR STRATEGY



Middle-Market, Specialty Finance
Opportunistic credit investments with equity-like target returns

Complex financings for companies undergoing change or restructuring
‘Storied’ industries or companies
Hybrid investments and highly-structured financings





Niche, Asset-Based Finance
Credit and structured equity transactions that are backed by asset collateral that generates current cash flow
Technical, niche markets with relationship-driven sourcing & analysis
Current cash return, plus capital appreciation potential based on the transformation of value parameters




Corporate, Structured Equity
Non-control and shared-control equity transactions, typically in partnership with family-owned companies or founder entrepreneurs
Current cash return, plus capital appreciation potential as identified event(s) materialize








our team
Virgo has an experienced leadership team with a long and successful history of working together.
Virgo team members have demonstrated the ability to identify and capitalize on dislocations and
inefficient market segments across multiple business and market investment cycles.
The key components of the Virgo approach include: (i) idea generation that emerges from
a multi-disciplinary understanding of business unit economics, human nature and market behavior;
(ii) long standing sourcing relationships; (iii) a process-driven analytical method, and; (iv)
an in-house human capital function to enhance value post investment, where possible.
Virgo’s partners believe that the Firm’s culture represents Virgo’s
greatest asset and is the most sustainable component of the Firm’s competitive
advantage. The Virgo culture is grounded in the combination of individual talent and a
dedication to team collaboration. Virgo believes that innovation emerges from an open environment
founded on mutual respect and active debate. Virgo operates under a team-based approach
that combines varied skill sets and experience bases with collaboration on investment
judgments under an ‘advocate-skeptic’ model.






Jesse Watson
Founding Partner & Chief Investment Officer












Jesse Watson
Founding Partner & Chief Investment Officer





Jesse is the Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer at Virgo with lead responsibility for the day-to-day operations of Virgo and the Fund, the sourcing and investment process, portfolio construction and investor relationships.  Prior to Virgo, Jesse was a senior investment professional at Eton Park Capital Management where he focused on credit, distressed, special situations and asset-based investing.  Jesse joined Eton Park through a merger with R6 Capital Management, where he was a co-founder, partner and portfolio manager with responsibilities which included portfolio construction and hedging, management of the investment process and firm strategy.
Prior to joining R6 Capital, Jesse was a senior investment professional at Silver Point Capital.  Jesse worked on both the public trading desk and assisted in the build out of the firm’s middle-market, private investment business, where he worked with several Virgo team members.  Prior to Silver Point, Jesse was an Associate with Clayton, Dubilier and Rice (CD&R) and an Analyst with Morgan Stanley Capital Partners, the leveraged buyout principal investment division of Morgan Stanley.  Jesse earned his BA from the Johns Hopkins University with highest honors, graduating at the top of his class with Phi Beta Kappa distinction.  Jesse also studied at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies and was a guest of the Japanese Ministry of Finance in Tokyo for a seminar on fiscal and monetary policy where he published a conference paper on private equity in Japan.  Jesse is a member of the Virgo investment committee.
jesse@virgo-llc.com








Todd Dorfman
Founding Partner












Todd Dorfman
Founding Partner





Todd is a Partner at Virgo focused on building an information edge in investment due diligence and evaluating management teams. Todd has been a part of Krauthamer & Associates since 1993 and has been a principal since 1997. Todd has recruited for public and private sector clients throughout a variety of industries including financial and professional services, real estate, technology, manufacturing, distribution and healthcare.
Todd’s prior experience includes several years in real estate finance, development and dispositions, first at LaSalle Partners, a global provider of comprehensive real estate and investment management services, and subsequently at Oxford Realty, a national multi-family real estate developer and asset manager. Todd has been a member of the Northern Virginia Technology Council and is a member of the Turnaround Management Association. Todd graduated with honors from the University of Michigan with a concentration in economics.
todd@virgo-llc.com








Gary Krauthamer
Founding Partner












Gary Krauthamer
Founding Partner





Gary is a Partner at Virgo focused on building strategic sourcing relationships and cultivating the Operating Partner Network. Gary founded Krauthamer & Associates in 1971 and has personally completed more than 1,000 search assignments throughout North America, Europe and Asia. Over the last 30 years, Gary has worked extensively within and across the public and private sectors and has developed a diverse client base that includes the aerospace industry, the federal government, entrepreneurial organizations, middle-market entities and large multi-national Fortune 100 corporations.
Gary is a member of various committees of the American Public Transportation Association and serves on the Board of Governors of the Wings Club. He is currently the Chairman of the Omega Institute and is a member of the Social Venture Network. Gary graduated from the American University's Kogod School of Business with a degree in finance.
gary@virgo-llc.com








Chris MacDonald
Founding Partner












Chris MacDonald
Founding Partner





Chris has over twenty years of experience in the private credit markets and special situations investing. Prior to joining Virgo, Chris was a Co-Head of the Principal Finance Group at Silver Point Capital, where he worked with several Virgo team members. Over a five year period with Silver Point, Chris helped build an investment portfolio of over $3.5 billion and managed over 50 people in five offices across the United States. Chris headed the firm's Originations team and served on the firm’s deal review committee.
Prior to joining Silver Point, Chris spent eight years at Wells Fargo Foothill, where he started their New York office in 1996 and ran originations offices in Chicago and Boston. Prior to Wells Fargo, Chris held various roles over a six year period with the Financial Restructuring Group of CIT Business Credit in New York. Chris earned his BS from Georgetown University in Washington, DC. Chris is a member of the Virgo investment committee.
chris@virgo-llc.com








Mack McNair
Founding Partner












Mack McNair
Founding Partner





Mack has over twenty years of experience in the private credit markets and special situations investing. Prior to joining Virgo, Mack was responsible for investment activities ranging from senior debt through equity for the Principal Finance Group at Silver Point Capital, where he worked with several Virgo team members. At Silver Point, Mack led the private-side investing business for the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.
Prior to joining Silver Point, he was a Senior Managing Director at CIT, leading the firm's national Special Situations coverage team. Mack previously worked in Wachovia's Corporate Banking Group, where he originated, underwrote and managed middle-market bank debt and related products. Mack earned his BS in finance from Florida State University and is a former board member of the Atlanta TMA and the Charlotte Association for Corporate Growth. Mack is a member of the Virgo investment committee.
mack@virgo-llc.com








Mark Perez
Founding Partner












Mark Perez
Founding Partner





Mark has over ten years of experience in various financial, operational, and regulatory roles within the chemicals, energy/materials and industrial sectors. Prior to joining Virgo, Mark worked in the investment banking division at Goldman Sachs in New York. He was a member of the firm’s Global Natural Resources group with an emphasis on the chemicals and metals & mining sectors. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Mark was a Strategic Marketing Manager at ChemPoint, the start-up specialty chemical distribution subsidiary of Univar USA.
Mark also spent three years with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as an assistant project manager within the Office of Science and Technology, focused on the pulp and paper industry. Mark earned his BS in chemical engineering from the Johns Hopkins University and received an MBA with finance specialization from New York University’s Leonard N. Stern School of Business, graduating with honors as a Stern Scholar. Mark is a member of the Virgo investment committee.
mark@virgo-llc.com








Robert Racusin
Partner












Robert Racusin
Partner





Prior to joining Virgo, Bob was a Partner and the Chief Operating Officer at Oakwood Financial Technologies, a company focused on the development and marketing of proprietary hedge fund credit management software systems. Prior to Oakwood, Bob spent six years as a Vice President of Operations and Operations Counsel at D.B. Zwirn & Co. Bob was the head of the illiquid investment operations group, managing a team of fifteen operations analysts who handled all loan administration, agency and reporting for the fund’s private credit portfolio. He also managed trade operations processes for select liquid investments.
During his tenure, Bob supervised implementation of various third-party front and back office technologies and advised on the development and implementation of in-house technologies. Bob graduated magna cum laude with a BS in business from the University of Pittsburgh and received a JD from the Dickinson School of Law in Pennsylvania.
bob@virgo-llc.com








Eli Aheto
Partner












Eli Aheto
Partner





                                             
Eli has over fifteen years of experience in private credit, private equity and distressed debt investing.  Prior to joining Virgo, Eli founded Lynbrook Capital Group and completed investments in oil & gas, renewable finance, real estate and industrial businesses.  Previously, Eli spent six years at Anchorage Capital Group where he oversaw a global portfolio of investments across all sectors of the energy industry and across the capital structure.  Prior to joining Anchorage, Eli was an Analyst at Severn River Capital, an Associate at General Atlantic Partners and an Analyst at Goldman Sachs.
Eli earned his AB degree from Harvard University with honors.  Eli also earned an MBA from Harvard Business School with honors.  Eli currently serves on the Board of Advocates of Citizens Schools New York.  Eli is a member of the Virgo investment committee.
 eli@virgo-llc.com



 

OUR PRINCIPLES & VALUES









OUR PRINCIPLES: It all begins with an idea
People ask us how we are different at Virgo. We are different because we have unique ideas. The art of investing begins with ideas. We are innovators. We like it when people stop us to tell us we are going the wrong direction. We have always preferred the road not taken or the road less travelled.








OUR PRINCIPLES: Curiosity is critical
We are always looking for the doors that will lead us down the path to a new idea or a relationship that spawns a new insight. We believe that ideas emerge from aggregating thinking across a broader range of disciplines and from approaching the same subjects from multiple angles. A good investor is an “imagineer.”








OUR PRINCIPALS: A value investor is a cross between a social scientist and an engineer
The interplay between business fundamentals, individual emotions and herding crowds is the crux of value investing. Mindfulness and an awareness of this interaction between companies, people and markets enables Virgo to find mis-priced assets and misunderstood companies. A good investor is an imaginer








OUR PRINCIPLES: Relationships are the foundation of our business
We seek to connect great ideas and talented people. Our relationships enable us to express our ideas – to turn ideas into actionable opportunities. People are also the key to executing our ideas – to building value beyond the purchase price of an acquired asset. And, whenever we have been down, it has been our relationships that got us through. Virgo is dedicated to building a societas of authentic partnership relationships, among Virgo team members, with management teams and with our investors.








OUR PRINCIPLES: One must be crazily disciplined
To be a successful investor, one must be crazy enough to have a different view, but disciplined enough to have that crazy view for good reason.Furthermore, it is the methodical execution of one’s ideas that really matters. At Virgo, we are incredibly curious, but we are also obsessively focused.



































OUR VALUES: We seek to make meaningful investments and to build meaningful businesses
We want to build market leaders. We want to reinvent companies that are navigating periods of volatility. We seek to attract people that are looking to be a part of building something meaningful and lasting. Success in business is not clinical. It is all about passion, about focused emotion.








OUR VALUES: Excellence is the end not the means
Our overriding objective is excellence and constant improvement. We want to be a leader in everything we do. Money doesn’t bring happiness. The pursuit of excellence does. We take great pleasure in the craft of investing. Our desired legacy is the excellent execution of meaningful ideas together with people who share our values.








OUR VALUES: Focus on the customer and all else will follow
We seek to align ourselves with the right clients and to align everything we do with the best interests of our clients. We focus on both the value we deliver to our clients and how we make our customers feel.








OUR VALUES: Sing as the Rat Pack did
We believe innovation emerges from an open environment founded on mutual respect and collaboration among talented entrepreneurs. Harmony not consensus is the goal. Our culture is based on powerful ideas and unconstrained debate.
The“truth” cannot be known with absolute certainty when it comes to the future of asset values and stock prices. As such, the principle skill of an investor is the ability to assess stories – to tell between the tales of the future.Every person at Virgo brings a unique point of view and set of formative experiences to the firm’s pursuit of this “truth,” of the best stories.








OUR VALUES: Have fun
Last and certainly not least, we founded Virgo to have fun. We love the challenge of investing and enjoy the comraderie of each other’s company. As Teddy Roosevelt once said, “far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.”



































© 2015, Virgo Investment Group LLC. All Rights Reserved





Virgo Investment Group,1201 Howard Avenue, Suite 300,Burlingame, CA 94010


Call us on(650) 486-1953









Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P.
List of persons related to the company Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P..

CIK Number: 0001575629Company address: C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309 GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: (345) 949-8066



People related to Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryWatson  Jessec/o Virgo Societas Partners, LLC 555 Twin Dolphin Drive, Suite 615Redwood ShoresCA-  Virgo Societas Partners, LLC555 Twin Dolphin Drive, Suite 615 Redwood ShoresCA




Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P. on the Web
Related companiesVIRGO CAPITAL FUND II LP, Virgo Municipal Finance Fund LP, Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P., Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P., Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Onshore), L.P., Virgo Supercluster, LLC, Virgo Travel, Inc.












 








Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P.
List of persons related to the company Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P..

CIK Number: 0001690787Company address: MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED UGLAND HOUSE BOX 309, S CHURCH STREET GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: 650-486-1953



People related to Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountry--  Virgo Investment Group LLC1201 Howard Ave, 3rd Floor BurlingameCA--  Virgo Societas Partners IV, LLC1201 Howard Ave, 3rd Floor BurlingameCA




Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P. on the Web
Related companiesVIRGO CAPITAL FUND II LP, Virgo Municipal Finance Fund LP, Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P., Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P., Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Onshore), L.P., Virgo Supercluster, LLC, Virgo Travel, Inc.












 








Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:41 AM ET

Company Overview of Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



C/o Virgo Societas Partners, Llc555 Twin Dolphin Drive, Suite 615Redwood Shores, CA 94065United States



Phone: 650-486-1953








Key Executives for Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P.


Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Bankruptcy

			      February 15, 2017
			    
Calrissian LP





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P.  Funding details


Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001575629Address: C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309 GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: (345) 949-8066



Latest news
Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P. raised $1,000,000 from 1 investor on 2014-05-01.



Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2014-05-01New Form DIndefinite$1,000,000Indefinite$100,000106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P. raised $1,000,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P.
Key People in Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P.:

- Virgo Societas Partners, LLCJesse Watson
Similar companiesVirgo Municipal Finance Fund LP, VIRGO CAPITAL FUND II LP, Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P., Virgo Travel, Inc., Virgo Supercluster, LLC, Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P., Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Onshore), L.P.








Last visited companies: Morgan Effingham Farms, LLC, Neos Therapeutics, Inc., New Generation Turnaround Fund (Delaware) LP, Nery Capital Partners, L.P., Nilgai Capital, LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Virgo Supercluster, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Virgo Supercluster, LLC  Funding details


Virgo Supercluster, LLC Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001637979IRS Number: 473150182Address: 2151 5TH AVENUE WEST  SEATTLE 98119Phone number: 415-999-9334



Latest news
Virgo Supercluster, LLC raised $15,750,000 from 6 investors on 2015-04-01.



Virgo Supercluster, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2015-04-01New Form D$15,750,000$15,750,0000$0606c[SEC Filing]
Virgo Supercluster, LLC raised $15,750,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Virgo Supercluster, LLC
Key People in Virgo Supercluster, LLC:

Universe, LLC ObservableThomas McInerney
Similar companiesVirgo Municipal Finance Fund LP, VIRGO CAPITAL FUND II LP, Virgo Societas Partnership III (Onshore), L.P., Virgo Societas Partnership III (Offshore), L.P., Virgo Travel, Inc., Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Offshore), L.P., Virgo Societas Partnership IV (Onshore), L.P.








Last visited companies: Aeterna Opes NH Fund I LP, Airdrie Partners I, LP, Aperios Emerging Connectivity Fund Ltd, Asia Alternatives Capital Partners IV, LP, Avanath Affordable Housing II, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















VIRGO SOCIETAS PARTNERSHIP III (OFFSHORE), L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      VIRGO SOCIETAS PARTNERSHIP III (OFFSHORE), L.P.
                    

•   GRAND CAYMAN, E9
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Virgo Societas Partnership III (offshore) is based out of Grand Cayman.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2014-05-01. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from VIRGO SOCIETAS PARTNERSHIP III (OFFSHORE), L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




virgo societas partnership iii (offshore), l.p.


C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED

GRAND CAYMAN
E9
                                                        
                                                    KY1-1104


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (345) 949-8066







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 05/01/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2014-05-01
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
1,000,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-   VIRGO SOCIETAS PARTNERS, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JESSE   WATSON

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















