

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Virtus Investment Partners - Investor Guide





















 































Скачать PDF




 13 / 97
















































Basic version









13 / 97





							www.virtus.com
						

Investment Manager of the Fund


							Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors' investment philosophy is predicated on recognizing the recurring valuation patterns found in the closed-end fund industry and
						

							exploiting them in a systematic manner.
						

Top Ten Holdings


% Fund


							Eagle Point Credit Company Inc 7 %
						

							Notes 2015-31.12.20
						

							7.15
						

							Oxford Lane Capital Corp 8.125%
						

							Liquidation Pfd Shs Series 2024
						

							7.12
						

							Nexpoint Credit Strategies Fund
						

							6.90
						

							Boulder Growth & Income Fund Inc
						

							4.91
						

							PIMCO Dynamic Credit and Mortgage
						

							Income Fund
						

							4.71
						

							BlackRock Science & Technology Trust
						

							4.49
						

							Tekla Healthcare Opportunities Fund
						

							4.19
						

							Central Securities Corp
						

							4.04
						

							MVC Capital Inc (Doing Business As MVC
						

							Capital) 7 1/4 % Notes 2013-15.
						

							3.87
						

							Adams Natural Resources Fund Inc
						

							3.05
						

IMPORTANT RISK CONSIDERATIONS:


Closed-end Funds:


							Closed-end funds
						

							may trade at a discount from their net
						

							asset values, which may affect whether
						

							the fund will realize gains or losses. They
						

							may also employ leverage, which may
						

							increase volatility.
						

Equity Securities:


							The market price of equity securities
						

							may be adversely affected by financial
						

							market, industry, or issuer-specific
						

							events. Focus on a particular style or on
						

							small or medium-sized companies may
						

							enhance that risk.
						

Credit & Interest:


							Debt securities are subject to various
						

							risks, the most prominent of which are
						

							credit and interest rate risk. The issuer of
						

							a debt security may fail to make interest
						

							and/or principal payments. Values of debt
						

							securities may rise or fall in response to
						

							changes in interest rates, and this risk may
						

							be enhanced with longer-term maturities.
						

Foreign & Emerging Markets:


							Investing
						

							internationally, especially in emerging
						

							markets, involves additional risks such as
						

							currency, political, accounting, economic,
						

							and market risk.
						

Fund of Funds:


							Because
						

							the fund can invest in other funds, it
						

							indirectly bears its proportionate share of
						

							the operating expenses and management
						

							fees of the underlying fund(s).
						

Prospectus:


							For additional information on
						

							risks, please see the fund's prospectus.
						

Asset Allocations


%Fund


							Closed End Funds (Domestic Equity)
						

							36.93
						

							Preferred Stocks
						

							21.65
						

							Closed End Funds (Foreign Equity)
						

							19.30
						

							Closed End Funds (Domestic Bonds)
						

							12.64
						

							Cash and Equivalents
						

							7.84
						

							Closed End Funds (Senior Loan)
						

							1.08
						

							Closed End Funds (Foreign Bonds)
						

							0.56
						

							1083 01-17
						

							Virtus Herzfeld Fund
						

							© 2017 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.
						

							12/30/2016
						

							Data presented as of
						

Morningstar


							For the 3-year period the Fund was rated 4 stars among 710 funds in the Allocation--50% to 70% Equity category for the time period ending
						

							12/30/2016.
						

Morningstar Rating


							TM
						

							for funds, or "star rating," is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts,
						

							exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are
						

							considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation
						

							in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10%
						

							of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the
						

							bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated
						

							with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60%
						

							five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more
						

							months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period
						

							actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.
						

							© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not
						

							be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any
						

							damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
						

Not insured by FDIC/NCUSIF or any federal government agency. No bank guarantee. Not a deposit. May lose value.


							Distributed by
						

VP Distributors, LLC


							, member FINRA and subsidiary of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.
						

Please carefully consider a Fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses before investing.  For this and other


information about any Virtus mutual fund, contact your inancial representative, call 1-800-243-4361, or visit 


Virtus.com for


a prospectus or summary prospectus. Read it carefully before investing.


Characteristics


Fund


							Average Weighted Discount of
						

							Portfolio
						

							-12.94%
						

							Number of Holdings
						

							42
						

DISTRIBUTION HISTORY


Ex-Date


Distribution


							03/30/2016
						

							$0.130000
						

							06/30/2016
						

							$0.123000
						

							09/29/2016
						

							$0.079000
						

							12/29/16
						

							$0.090000
						


1
…
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
…
97

 FlippingBook
				
































Virtus to Become Advisor to Phoenix Edge Series Fund Under Agreement with Phoenix Companies - Jul 28, 2010



























































Skip to main content.
























Search







Search





















Virtus Investment Partners














Investor Relations








IR Home


Stock Information


Corporate Governance


Reports & SEC Filings


Presentations


News


Request Information





News


Virtus to Become Advisor to Phoenix Edge Series Fund Under Agreement with Phoenix Companies



HARTFORD, Conn., July 28 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Phoenix Companies, Inc. (NYSE: PNX) and Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. (Nasdaq: VRTS) today announced they have reached an agreement for Virtus to become the advisor and distributor to the Phoenix Edge Series Fund, a variable insurance trust.  Virtus will rename the trust the Virtus Variable Insurance Trust and market the current and new investment strategies to other insurance and annuity companies.
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20090105/NEM020LOGO )
(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20090105/NEM020LOGO )
On July 26, the Edge Series board of trustees approved the appointment of Virtus as advisor and distributor of the trust and several fund mergers that, if approved by fund shareholders, should improve the scale and marketability of the trust.
The trust comprises 17 funds and $1.6 billion in assets (at June 30, 2010) that are investment options in Phoenix's variable life and annuity products.  Virtus currently serves as administrator to the trust and subadvisor to $300 million of fund assets, and will assume subadvisory responsibilities for an additional $500 million of fund assets.  Goodwin Capital Advisers, an affiliate of Phoenix, and Aberdeen Asset Management will continue to manage $700 million of assets under subadvisory agreements with Virtus.
Four of the funds, with approximately $100 million of assets, will not be part of the transaction and will be merged into a third-party variable insurance trust at a later date.  Phoenix has an additional $2.2 billion of variable product assets managed by external advisors.
Philip K. Polkinghorn, Phoenix's senior executive vice president, business development, and president of the Phoenix Edge Series Fund, said the transaction is consistent with the company's recent history of strategic partnerships with organizations that can provide particular expertise and benefit Phoenix customers.
"We believe Virtus is best suited to the roles of advisor and distributor because of its track record in adopting funds and solid historical investment performance.  These two attributes will help it attract more assets and allow fund shareholders to benefit from economies of scale, in addition to a refreshed portfolio with a wide range of investment options.  Given Virtus' existing roles, we believe this transition will be seamless and efficient," Polkinghorn said.
George R. Aylward, president and chief executive officer of Virtus, said the transaction offers several benefits to Virtus as well.  In addition to preserving the current economics from its roles as fund administrator and subadvisor, the transaction provides Virtus with an opportunity to improve scale in its business by managing the additional funds and by creating new product and distribution opportunities.
"This is an important step in Virtus' growth strategy because it increases our assets under management by $1.2 billion and gives us a new product line that we can offer to other insurance companies as we expand our distribution reach into the variable insurance trust marketplace," Aylward said.  "We look forward to building on our relationship with Phoenix customers and offering our investment management and administration expertise to other insurance companies."
Financial terms of the agreement, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter, were not disclosed, but the economics of the transaction will be based on assets under management going forward.
About Phoenix
Dating to 1851, The Phoenix Companies, Inc. (NYSE: PNX) provides financial solutions using life insurance, annuities and alternative retirement solutions. In 2009, Phoenix had annual revenues of $2.1 billion and total assets of $24.6 billion at year end.  Phoenix is a leader in the life insurance industry, with a distinguished record of industry firsts in product design and underwriting. The company also offers a complete suite of annuity products with a full spectrum of optional guarantees to help customers meet a range of retirement income needs.  For more information, visit www.phoenixwm.com.
About Edge Series Fund
The Edge Series Fund provides some of the investment options in Phoenix's variable life and annuity products.  The principal underwriter of the Edge Series Fund is Phoenix Equity Planning Corporation.  Member FINRA.
About Virtus Investment Partners
Virtus Investment Partners (Nasdaq: VRTS), which has $25.6 billion of assets under management as of March 31, 2010, is a distinctive partnership of boutique investment managers singularly committed to the long-term success of individual and institutional investors.  The company provides investment management products and services through its affiliated managers and select subadvisers, each with a distinct investment style, autonomous investment process and individual brand.  Virtus Investment Partners offers access to a variety of investment styles across multiple disciplines to meet a wide array of investor needs.  Additional information can be found at www.virtus.com.
SOURCE Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.; The Phoenix Companies, Inc.



 





 



























































Virtus Investment Partners - Board of Directors

























































Skip to main content.
























Search







Search





















Virtus Investment Partners














Investor Relations








IR Home


Stock Information


Corporate Governance


Reports & SEC Filings


Presentations


News


Request Information







Board of Directors
Management Team
Governance Documents
Charters & Committee Composition


Board of Directors



George R. Aylward, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
George R. Aylward, Jr. is president and chief executive officer of Virtus Investment Partners. He has been president of the Virtus Investment Partners (formerly known as Phoenix Investment Partners) since November 6, 2006 and was senior executive vice president and president, Asset Management, of Virtus' former parent since February 2007. Previously, Mr. Aylward was senior vice president, Asset Management, at Phoenix from November 2006 to February 2007. Mr. Aylward also served as senior vice president and chief operating officer, Asset Management, at Phoenix from 2004 through 2006, and was chief of staff to Dona D. Young, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Phoenix, from 2002 through 2004. Mr. Aylward joined Phoenix in 1996 and served in several senior financial positions in its Asset Management business prior to 2002.



James R. Baio
James R. Baio was chief financial officer and executive vice president of Capmark Financial Group, Inc., a private equity portfolio company engaged in global real estate finance, from 2006 until his retirement in 2007. Prior to that, from 1989 to 2006, he held various positions at Franklin Resources, Inc., a global investment management organization known as Franklin Templeton Investments. He served as chief financial officer, treasurer and executive vice president; chief administrative officer, senior vice president and treasurer, Templeton Mutual Funds and Mutual Series Mutual Funds; and senior vice president and risk manager. Prior to that, he was senior manager, Audit and Tax, at Ernst & Young from 1977 to 1989.



Member

Audit


Member

Compensation



Susan S. Fleming, Ph.D.
Susan S. Fleming, Ph.D., is a consultant and executive educator. She began at Capital Z Financial Services as a principal in 1998, and was promoted to partner in 2001. It was at Capital Z where she founded the successor fund to Insurance Partners, valued at $1.85 billion. Prior to that, she was vice president at Insurance Partners Advisors, 92 LP, a private equity firm, from 1994 to 2003 and held various positions at Morgan Stanley & Co. from 1992 to 1994. Dr. Fleming has served as a member of the board of directors of Hanover Investors and its affiliated funds since 2006.



Member

Governance


Chair

Risk and Finance



Timothy A. Holt
Timothy A. Holt held various positions with Aetna, Inc. from 1977 until his retirement in 2008. He was senior vice president and chief investment officer from 1997 to 2008; chief enterprise risk officer from 2005 to 2007; senior vice president and chief financial officer of Aetna Retirement Services from 1996 to 1997; vice president of Portfolio Management Group from 1992 to 1995; vice president of Aetna Portfolio Management from 1991 to 1992; vice president, Finance and treasurer from 1989 to 1991; vice president of Public Bonds from 1987 to 1989; Property/Casualty portfolio manager from 1983 to 1987; investment officer from 1981 to 1982; and investment officer/analyst from 1977 to 1981.



Chair

Governance


Member

Risk and Finance



Sheila Hooda
Sheila Hooda is the founder, CEO and president of Alpha Advisory Partners, a company that advises on strategic positioning, mergers and acquisitions, turnaround and transformation, customer-centricity and digital business models for companies in the financial and business services sectors. Prior to founding Alpha Advisory Partners in 2013, she served as the global head of strategy and business development in the Financial & Risk business group at Thomson Reuters, and earlier as senior managing director in strategy, M&A and corporate development roles at TIAA. Ms. Hooda previously was managing director, global equities in the Investment Banking Division at Credit Suisse Group, and prior to this held roles at Bankers Trust, Andersen Consulting and McKinsey & Co. She began her career at American Express Bank in India. She serves on the board of Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company and is a member of its Investment and Risk committees.



Member

Audit


Member

Risk and Finance



Melody L. Jones
Melody L. Jones has been chief administrative officer of CEB, a global research and advisory company, since 2012 and manages the company’s global Product Development function and its human resources, information technology, legal, and communications functions. She joined CEB in 2005 as chief human resources officer after serving as global head of human resources at T. Rowe Price, an investment management firm, and earlier as chief human resources officer at Aon Corporation, an insurance brokerage and consulting company. Previously she was a senior consultant with Organizational Dynamics, Inc.; a member of the senior leadership team of HR Strategies, Inc.; and held leadership positions at Citicorp Mortgage.



Member

Audit


Chair

Compensation



Mark C. Treanor
Chairman
Mark C. Treanor is non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors. He served as senior executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of Wachovia Corporation from 2001 to August 2008, with responsibilities for legal, regulatory, corporate governance and government relations activities for all domestic and international businesses, including Evergreen Investments, Wachovia's asset management division which provides mutual funds, institutional portfolios, alternative investments and separately managed accounts to institutional and individual investors. Mr. Treanor was a member of Wachovia's Operating Committee, which was responsible for overall management of Wachovia. Previously, from 1999 until 2001, he held similar responsibilities as executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of First Union Corporation, Wachovia's predecessor, which he joined in 1998 after serving as president and senior partner of the law firm Treanor, Pope & Hughes, which he founded.



Member

Compensation


Member

Governance



Stephen T. Zarrilli
Stephen T. Zarrilli is president and chief executive officer of Safeguard Scientifics, a provider of growth capital to technology and healthcare companies, which he joined in 2006 as senior vice president, chief financial officer and chief administrative officer. He was named president and CEO in 2012. Previously he was the chairman and CEO of Penn Valley Group, a management advisory firm that he founded, and earlier was CFO at Fiberlink Communications Corp., a security software company; CEO of Concellera, a document management software company; and CEO of US Interactive Inc., a digital marketing firm. He began his career at Deloitte LLP.



Chair

Audit


Member

Risk and Finance


PrintEmail

 





 





























