

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














10-K: VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









12:33 A.M. ET


Breaking
      Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
                                





 
12:20 A.M. ET


                                  Tesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7/28


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7/28


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
7/28


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
    








    By

Published: Apr 17, 2017 5:28 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION  Forward-Looking Statements  Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation contains "forward-looking" statements, as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology, such as the words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "project," "plan," "will," "shall," "should," and similar expressions, including when used in the negative. Although we believe the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. Current shareholders and prospective investors are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Such forward-looking statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control, and actual results for future periods could differ materially from those discussed in this report, depending on a variety of important factors, among which are our ability to implement our business strategy, our ability to compete with major established companies, the acceptance of our products in our target markets, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, our ability to obtain financing, our ability to continue as a going concern, and other risks described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date of this report. Future events and actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements. You should read this report completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what management expects. We will not update forward-looking statements even though its situation may change in the future.  We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Important factors on which such statements are based are assumptions concerning uncertainties, including but not limited to uncertainties associated with the following:  (a) potential fluctuation in quarterly results;  (b) our failure to earn revenues or profits;  (c) inadequate capital and barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement our business plans;  (d) inadequate capital to continue business;  (e) changes in demand for our products and services;  (f) rapid and significant changes in markets;  (g) litigation with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties;  (h) insufficient revenues to cover operating costs.  You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto, included herewith. This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment of management.  PLAN OF OPERATION  In an effort to further expand the Company's revenue potential beyond that of the information field, Virtual Learning further invested in a non-related business, through associations with several large shareholders in the Company. Virtual recognized that the effects of Super Storm Sandy, which occurred on October 29, 2012 would be far reaching and cause an almost unlimited demand for specific construction services, as well as construction information. Due to the damage caused by the storm, as well as the material changes in the FEMA flood maps which  now require over 30,000 homeowners along the New Jersey coastline to elevate their homes, Virtual felt that acquiring an entity in the construction field might provide a stable revenue stream for the company. Additionally, through its previous associations and long standing professional relationships with Dream Homes Ltd., Virtual felt that Dream Homes educational division was an excellent fit with the existing platform that Virtual has developed to market educational software and materials.  As such, Virtual Learning acquired for stock a company known as Dream Building LLC, which will operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of Virtual Learning and pursue opportunities in the real estate field, specifically in new home construction, home elevations and renovations. As part of this effort, through the end of 2016, Virtual, through its Dream Building subsidiary, acquired the rights to complete 17 single family construction, renovation and home elevation projects in the central NJ region, which it will build to completion. The contract amount of these projects is as of December 31, 2016 is $2,438,603.  In addition to the above projects, which are in process, Dream Building LLC has also estimated an additional $5,300,000 worth of residential construction projects and added over 200 active prospects to its data base. All of these prospects are prime candidates for educational videos and short books on specific construction and rebuilding topics, as well as candidates for rebuilding projects to be built under the Dream Building LLC division.  Management hopes for steady growth in this segment of the company, since the rebuilding process will occur over the next 15-20 years. We anticipate possibly being able to efficiently address 5% - 10% of this market. The combined total number of homes affected by Storm Sandy that will need to be raised or demolished and rebuilt is in excess of 30,000 homes, of which less than 3,000 have been rebuilt. This remaining combined market for new construction and elevation projects in the Company's market area is estimated to be in the range of $3.4 billion dollars. The company anticipates being able to efficiently address 5% - 10% of this market.  Among the other assets that Virtual acquired with Dream Builders LLC, were the rights to operate the educational construction seminar known as "Dream Homes Nearly Famous Rebuilding Seminar", as well as the informational blog known as the "Dream Homes Rebuilding Blog."  The Nearly Famous Rebuilding Seminar is held bi-monthly, and is a powerful educational tool for homeowners who need of rebuilding or renovations. This seminar has been presented steadily since early 2013, and is designed to educate and assist homeowners in deciphering the confusion about planning and executing complex residential construction projects.  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures. We review our estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the following accounting policies are critical to the judgments and estimates we use in preparing our financial statements.  Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share  Basic net income (Basic net loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period (none for the periods presented).  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - THE VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.  The summary of selected financial data table below   THE VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year ended Year ended December 31, December 31, 2016 2015 Revenue $ 568,312 $ 107 Cost of construction contracts 415,028 - Gross profit 153,284 107 Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative 85,118 35,841 Stock-based compensation 19,500 40,000 Amortization and 2016 impairment of $25,734 capitalized curriculum development costs 51,334 31,800 Total operating expenses 155,952 107,641 Loss from operations (2,668 ) (107,534 ) Other expenses (income) Amortization of debt discounts 4,166 45,834 Interest expense 7,500 6,916 Consulting income (2,558 ) - Total other expenses-net 9,108 52,750 Net loss $ (11,776 ) $ (160,284 )  Results of Operations - Comparison for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015  Revenues  For the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, net revenues were $568,312 as compared to $107 for the year ended December 31, 2015. This increase in net revenue was the result of the newly acquired construction business. As of December 31,2016 and 2015, all of our sales were domestic.  Cost of Construction contracts and Sales  For the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, cost of construction contracts and sales were $415,028 as compared to $0 for the year ended December 31, 2015. This increase in cost of construction contracts and sales was the result of the newly acquired construction business.  Operating Expenses  Operating expenses increased $48,311 from $107,641 in 2015 to $155,952 in 2016. The increase was principally attributable to the 2016 impairment of $20,534 of capitalized curriculum development costs. In addition, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $28,777 in 2016 as compared to 2015.  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 of $35,841 includes Computer and internet expense of $4,026, Nevada Franchise taxes of $625, office expenses of $550, professional fees of $23,609, SEC publication expense of $6,490 stock transfer expenses of $541. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 of $85,118 includes affiliated entity allocated salaries $49,103, professional fees of $12,430, insurance $3,131, transfer agent fees $12,832, office supplies and postage $2035, travel expense $1,222, and other $4,365.  In January 2015, Virtual Learning issued a total of 200,000 shares of common stock to four noteholders in connection with their loans totaling $40,000.  The 200,000 shares were valued at $40,000 (or $.20 per share), which amount was charged to debt discounts in the three months ended March 31, 2015.  In February 2015, Virtual Learning issued 200,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Roger Fidler for legal services. The 200,000 shares were valued at $40,000 (or $.20 per share), which amount was expensed in the three months ended March 31, 2015.  In June 2015 Virtual Learning sold a total of 2,100 shares of common stock to three individuals at a price of $.50 per share for proceeds of $1,050.  In June 2015, Virtual Learning issued a total of 50,000 shares of common stock to two individuals in connection with their loans totaling $10,000 (see Note 5). The 50,000 shares were valued at $10,000 (see Note 5). The 50,000 shares were valued at $10,000 (or $.20 per share), which amount was charged to debt discounts in the three months ended June 30 2015.  In July 2015, Virtual Learning sold a total of 100 shares of common stock to one individual at a price of $.50 per share for proceeds of $50.  On August 18, 2016, Virtual Learning issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock to GPIL in satisfaction of $20,000 loans payable (see Note 5).  On August 19, 2016 (see Note1), Virtual Learning issued 2,225,000 shares of common stock to Dream Homes Ltd. for a 4.5% equity interest in Dream Homes Ltd. and certain other assets, at an agreed price of $.05 per share.  From August 19, 2016 to August 23, 2016 (see Note 1), Virtual Learning issued a total of 2,287,367 shares of common stock to Dream Homes Ltd. for rights to complete 6 in process construction contracts of Atlantic Northeast Construction LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Dream Homes Ltd. at an agreed price of $.05 per share.  On August 19, 2016, Virtual Learning issued 250,000 restricted shares of common stock to Mr. Roger Fidler for legal services. The 250,000 shares were valued at $2,500 (or $.01 per share), which amount was expensed in the three months ended September 30, 2016.  On October 13, 2016, DHL assigned 100,000 restricted shares of Company common stock it held to a minority shareholder of DHL. This minority shareholder of DHL had contributed $100,000 out of approximately $500,000 in a private placement of common stock of DHL in 2010. In addition, this minority stockholder of DHL also received 275,000 restricted shares from DHL in 2011 for consulting services. Accordingly, the Company has not deemed it appropriate to measure stock-based compensation relating to the 100,000 shares by DHL to its minority stockholder.  On October 21, 2016, Virtual Learning issued 160,000 restricted shares of common stock to an individual for accounting services. The 160,000 restricted shares were valued at $8,000 (or $.05 per share), which amount was expensed in the three months ended December 31, 2016.  On December 29, 2016, Virtual Learning issued a total of 326,857 restricted shares of common stock to convertible noteholders for their notes and interest totaling $65,371 (see Note 4).  On December 29, 2016, Virtual Learning issued a total of 180,000 restricted shares of common stock (50,000 shares to the Company's chief executive officer, 50,000 shares to the Company's secretary, 10,000 shares each to our two outside directors, and a total of 60,000 shares to four other individuals, principally DHL employees, for services rendered. The 180,000 shares were valued at $9,000 (Company officers and outside directors- $6,000, DHL employees-$3,000) (or $.05 per share), which amount was expensed in the three months ended December 31, 2016.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, our cash balance was $266,709 and $2,298, respectively, total assets were $460,067 and $53,632, respectively, and total current liabilities amounted to $392,711 and $84,371, respectively, including loans payable to related parties of $14,743 and $14,525, respectively. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the total stockholders' equity (deficiency) was $67,356 and $(30,739), respectively.  Inflation  The impact of inflation on the costs of our company, and the ability to pass on cost increases to clients over time is dependent upon market conditions. We are not aware of any inflationary pressures that have had any significant impact on our operations since inception, and we do not anticipate that inflationary factors will have a significant impact on future operations.  Subsequent Events  On February 10, 2017, the Company entered into an Investor Relations and Consulting Services Agreement with an investor relations firm. The agreement has a term expiring August 31, 2017 and provides for issuance of 56,000 restricted shares of common stock to the investor relations firm (stock issued on February 1, 2017) and $2,000 per month fees to be paid to the investor relations firm commencing March 2017. Within the first 90 days of the agreement, the Company can terminate the agreement for any reason and neither party shall have any obligation to the other party.  On March 1, 2017, the Company acquired from DHL rights to a contract to purchase over 7 acres of land in Berkeley Township, NJ (the "Tallwoods Contract") for 71,429 restricted shares of Company common stock. The Tallwoods Contract between DHL and the seller of the land was dated January 5, 2017 and provides for a $700,000 purchase price with closing on or about 60 days after final development approvals have been obtained and memorialized. DHL paid the seller a refundable $10,000 deposit in January 2017 pursuant to the Tallwoods contract.  The due diligence period associated with this property expired on March 4, 2017 and all costs associated with same were paid by Dream Homes Ltd. prior to the expiration date. The Company will incur no further costs related to the due diligence aspect of this purchase.  The land is currently improved with streets and all public utilities in place. As such, the necessary steps required to bring the property through the approval process involve primarily design engineering. Since the property is on an improved street, a major subdivision application will be filed with the township, which will create 13 conforming buildable lots from the existing single 7 acre parcel. Accordingly, the remaining costs will primarily involve engineering and approval costs, as opposed to costs associated with the installation of infrastructure.  At this time, the Company estimates that the total engineering and approval costs will be approximately $40,000. There are no significant infrastructure costs anticipated with this property.  In the event the transaction has not closed on at least a portion of the Property within 12 months of the completion of the Due Diligence Period (as may be extended by two 6-month extensions), the seller has the option of terminating the contract. Notwithstanding this provision, the Company retains the right at all times to waive any remaining contingencies and proceed to close on the property.  The Company may need to seek out loans from banks to finance this project. As part of their financing agreements, the banks typically require Vincent Simonelli to personally guarantee these loans. If Mr. Simonelli cannot qualify as a guarantor and there is no one other than him in the Corporation to provide those guarantees, the financing of the deals may be adversely affected. The exact amount of funding required for this property is not clear at the present time but will be determined when full approvals have been obtained and the Company is prepared to take title to the property.  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  We do not maintain off-balance sheet arrangements nor do we participate in non-exchange traded contracts requiring fair value accounting treatment.  Risk  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk  We are not exposed to potential gains or losses from foreign currency fluctuations.  Apr 17, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch




















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




12:42 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Open edX - An Alternative to Your Constraining LMS LP




































Type and Press “enter” to Search




























































Start with Open edX - end with something that is uniquely you. 
 
Why custom learning experiences on Open edX learning platform? Elite institutions want to offer unique and engaging learning, but often struggle because most online programs use legacy learning management systems that yield experiences that are are undifferentiated, cumbersome, boring and ultimately ineffective.  Through building your elearning, online training, and online learning on Open edX, you can achieve a dynamic learner experience offering adaptivity, competency based education, learner analytics, and/or integrations with ERP and CRM systems.
 

 
In launching over 70 online programs for more than 40 institutions, ExtensionEngine has helped exceptional universities, corporations and nonprofits deliver next generation online and blended learning. We create custom learning experiences leveraging the Open edX open source learning platform, for university online courses, programs or MOOCs; revenue-generating online training; internal Learning and Development; and for online education that creates and impact. 
Our staff of over 200 experts works with clients on each aspect of building a custom learning experience, including project management, instructional design, UX/UI, development, QA, hosting, support, and learner acquisition services. We operate on a fee-for-service basis, which means the IP and revenue are yours to keep.
We are a leading online training, online learning and elearning company. Let us show you the great things you can do with Open edX.
 

undefined

 
  





 
Schedule a consultation to get started with Open edX LMS



























+1-888-822-2516 | CONTACT US























© ExtensionEngine
EXPERTS IN ONLINE EDUCATION

























































Open edX - An Alternative to Your Constraining LMS LP




































Type and Press “enter” to Search




























































Start with Open edX - end with something that is uniquely you. 
 
Why custom learning experiences on Open edX learning platform? Elite institutions want to offer unique and engaging learning, but often struggle because most online programs use legacy learning management systems that yield experiences that are are undifferentiated, cumbersome, boring and ultimately ineffective.  Through building your elearning, online training, and online learning on Open edX, you can achieve a dynamic learner experience offering adaptivity, competency based education, learner analytics, and/or integrations with ERP and CRM systems.
 

 
In launching over 70 online programs for more than 40 institutions, ExtensionEngine has helped exceptional universities, corporations and nonprofits deliver next generation online and blended learning. We create custom learning experiences leveraging the Open edX open source learning platform, for university online courses, programs or MOOCs; revenue-generating online training; internal Learning and Development; and for online education that creates and impact. 
Our staff of over 200 experts works with clients on each aspect of building a custom learning experience, including project management, instructional design, UX/UI, development, QA, hosting, support, and learner acquisition services. We operate on a fee-for-service basis, which means the IP and revenue are yours to keep.
We are a leading online training, online learning and elearning company. Let us show you the great things you can do with Open edX.
 

undefined

 
  





 
Schedule a consultation to get started with Open edX LMS



























+1-888-822-2516 | CONTACT US























© ExtensionEngine
EXPERTS IN ONLINE EDUCATION























































Online Software Certification Courses | VTC.com Training programs


































        Learn any software with ease    What do you want to learn?             View All Courses     Choose a course category :  Animation & 3D, Audio, CAD, Internet & Web Design, Multimedia & Video, Operating Systems, Project Management, More...       Signup Now Win Free access! How does it work ?          Become a member Pricing Start       Get the best from your membership             Learn from industry experts Our authors are some of the most accomplished trainers in their respective fields.               Over 1000 courses Access to 1000+ courses covering a wide range of topics               Access to workfiles Sample files are included with your subscription at no additional cost.               24/7 Support If you experience any problems with your membership we won’t leave you stranded!             Discover our e-learning solutions Learn new skills. Get the best of your team. Help your students.         Individuals  & students Individuals & students         Learn anywhere, at your own pace           Business & corporations Business & corporations         Train your staff easily and affordably          Colleges  & universities Colleges & universities        Educate groups of students easily           How does it work? Watch n’ learn. Access the Workfiles. Improve your skills.       Online Learn from our expert teachers and get full access to our entire course library from any device!      Download Train from anywhere, improve your skills offline and keep your training courses forever!      Multi-user Improve your companies business skills and train your staff affordably with 1000+ training courses available 24/7!      Pricing Contact        Latest releases                               Popular courses                               View All Courses            WIN FREE ACCESS ! Download the Tagwild app, play the game and  win Free access coupons to VTC                      




What people say about us


Loved your FileMaker 12 lessons. I have learned so much from the Beginner and Intermediate courses. Onto Advanced!
Jim Tuttle
 More >













 




  Animation & 3D
  Audio
  Bundles
  Business Applications
  CAD
  Certification
  Databases
  Game Design & Development
  Graphics & Page Layout
  Internet & Web Design
  Multimedia & Video
  Networking & Security
  Operating Systems
  Programming
  Project Management












×
How Does it work?
























Custom Learning Experiences for Higher Education - ExtensionEngine































 








Navigation

  
 
 
 


  Our Services  Custom Learning Experiences for Higher Education










Custom Learning Experiences for Higher Education
ExtensionEngine is a professional services company that helps higher education institutions create unique online and blended learning, what we call Custom Learning Experiences.
“I didn’t know a company like you existed!”
We hear it all the time.
We provide instructional design, user experience, software development, quality assurance, learner acquisition, project and program management. Our experience includes a top ivy leagues schools, one of the top technical universities in the world, a graduate program for a top jesuit school and more.
We operate on a fee-for-service basis, meaning the IP and revenue are yours to keep.
In launching 70+ online programs for 40+ institutions in the last 18 months, we created an approach to learning unlike any other.
Why custom learning experiences? Elite colleges and universities looking to offer unique and engaging learning experiences often struggle because solutions offered by most LMS and OPM vendors result in online learning that is undifferentiated, antiquated, boring and in many cases requires expensive revenue sharing.

Custom learning experiences leverage the latest techniques in learning science and advances in technology that involve the learner, get them to collaborate, get them to act, thereby resulting in true learning. It creates a learning environment that is not bounded by off-the-shelf technologies or generic courses. We put pedagogy first.
We operate on a fee-for-service basis, meaning the IP and revenue are yours to keep. There are no long term contracts or commitments. With a staff of over 200 experts, we help our clients with all aspects of building a custom learning experience, including project management, instructional design, UX/UI, development/QA, hosting/support and learner acquisition services.
LET’S TALK !





Course Content Creation
One cannot simply record video lectures and host them online and expect to deliver an effective learning experience.Read the blog post
Whether building an online masters program, MOOC or professional education certificate, one cannot simply record video lectures and host them online and expect to deliver an effective learning experience. Our team of instructional designers use modern techniques based on cognitive neuroscience and learning theory to find the right mix of pedagogy, technology and content. Custom learning experiences can offer content that is bite-sized, adaptive, asynchronous, live or recorded, social, and always available—all depending on your preferences. In the end, great instructional design delivers learning that is engaging and changes how learners think and behave.
Also, too often online programs look strikingly similar to others on the market. Instead, our staff of User Experience (UX) experts can create the right user interface that matches your brand and the experience you want. Our UX discipline incorporates a clear understanding of education theory, pedagogy, psychology and instructional design to drive learning that goes beyond optimizing short term usage to create intuitive, engaging, and effective learning experiences.





Our team thrives on interesting, challenging, and rewarding projects. Since our typical client projects are measured in years, we take on new clients carefully and are relentless in our search for the perfect fit.





Technology 
Pedagogy should drive technology decisions, not the other way around. Since we don’t sell software and are technology-agnostic, we can be fully objective in selecting the appropriate mix of existing software and custom software. We approach each new program from the top, finding the right mix of open source platforms, like Open edX, off the shelf learning management systems like Canvas, your existing IT infrastructure, or fully custom learning solutions. With our staff of over 150 software developers and QA professionals, we are experts in all major development languages and platforms.
Universities are turning to Open edX – an open source solution that can be fully customized.Learn More
Additionally, through incorporating open standards like LTI, SCORM, and REST APIs, we’re experienced with creating platforms that freely exchange data between existing learning management systems as well as other IT infrastructure pieces such as CRMs, ERPs and HRMs. And we can also integrate with cutting edge online learning solutions – like adaptive learning engines, video, content management and more. 





We act as your digital marketing agency, executing on content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, online advertising and more.





Learner Acquisition
We act as your digital marketing agency, executing on content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, online advertising and more.
Even the most desirable courses require marketing to find qualified students who are excited, committed, and have the right qualities to succeed. Additionally, it is critical that all marketing activities work in harmony with your organization’s existing brand. And are aligned with your student recruitment philosophy and approach. Driving enrollment to online courses is markedly different than that of in-person courses, and requires a unique mix of digital marketing, software development, and project management.
Working alongside your enrollment management, admissions and financial aid teams, our learner acquisition experts work with you to set marketing strategy, identify the proper learner personas, implement marketing campaigns and ultimately drive enrollment. We can act as your digital marketing agency, executing on everything from content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, and online advertising. We can also work with your existing digital marketing agency. As a fee-for-service provider, we will complement your existing staff and vendors and support you where you need it. And because we are not a revenue share model, we don’t have incentives to use aggressive marketing tactics and drive enrollment. Rather, we become your brand stewards and stay aligned with your approach and goals.





How We Work
We are certainly a different kind of company. First, we are selective in the projects we work on. They have to be complex and ambitious projects where we can collaborate with world-class clients. Second, we are happy to work behind the scenes. In fact many of our clients prefer we not disclose that we work with them. It is important to them that internal teams drive the work and build internal brand, which is fine with us. Third, we hire top notch talent only, so while we may not be the low cost option, you get people who can keep up with you and who deliver. How can we do this? We are a profitable, growing private company with no outside investors and no “exit plan,” so the only people we have to make happy are our employees, our clients and their learners. We are driven by different motivations than most companies who provide similar services. Call us to learn more.





Ready to hit the ground running?











 ee_adminCustom Learning Experiences for Higher Education10.06.2016 


















CONTACT
Want to get in touch?
Call +1 (888) 822-2516 or send us a message about your project.
SEND US A MESSAGE




CAREERS
We’d love to have you join our team!
SEE OUR OPEN POSITIONS




FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
Youtube
















TERMS & SERVICES







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 












	SHAPEVILLEUSA Trademark of The Virtual Learning Company, Inc.. Serial Number: 85658349 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
SHAPEVILLEUSA










 
Get FREE email alerts













SHAPEVILLEUSA  Trademark Information
 The Virtual Learning Company, Inc.
Digital media, namely, pre-recorded DVDs, downloadable audio and video recordings, and CDs featuring and promoting children's educational material; Electronic publications, namely, books featuring children's educational material recorded on computer media; Pre-recorded digital media featuring children's educational material
Books in the field of children's educational matters, namely, math, reading and science; Children's books; Children's interactive educational books




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Paper Goods and Printed Material





Words that describe this mark
digital   media         prerecorded   dvds      downloadable   audio   video   recordings      cds   featuring   promoting   childrens   educational   material   electronic   publications         books   featuring   childrens   educational    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SHAPEVILLEUSA trademark by The Virtual Learning Company, Inc. 
                                in Bronx, NY, 10463.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SHAPEVILLEUSA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner The Virtual Learning Company, Inc. of the SHAPEVILLEUSA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SHAPEVILLEUSA trademark.
                           






On Thursday, June 21, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SHAPEVILLEUSA by 
                        The Virtual Learning Company, Inc., Bronx, NY  10463.
                        The USPTO has given the SHAPEVILLEUSA 
                        trademark serial  number of  85658349.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for SHAPEVILLEUSA is 
                        
                        
                                            ROGER L. FIDLER of 
                                            LAW OFFICES OF ROGER L. FIDLER,  145 HIGHVIEW AVE, HAWTHORNE, NJ 07506-3111 
                                .
                            The SHAPEVILLEUSA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Paper Goods and Printed Material
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SHAPEVILLEUSA 
                            is Digital media, namely, pre-recorded DVDs, downloadable audio and video recordings, and CDs featuring and promoting children's educational material; Electronic publications, namely, books featuring children's educational material recorded on computer media; Pre-recorded digital media featuring children's educational material. 
                            





Word mark:
 SHAPEVILLEUSA


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/25/2014



  Serial Number:  
85658349


  Filing Date:  
6/21/2012


 Registration Number:  
4645551 


 Registration Date:  
11/25/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Digital media, namely, pre-recorded DVDs, downloadable audio and video recordings, and CDs featuring and promoting children's educational material; Electronic publications, namely, books featuring children's educational material recorded on computer media; Pre-recorded digital media featuring children's educational material


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/27/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

The Virtual Learning Company, Inc.Bronx, NY  10463
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ROGER L. FIDLER
LAW OFFICES OF ROGER L. FIDLER
145 HIGHVIEW AVE
HAWTHORNE, NJ 07506-3111






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (016) - Paper, cardboard and goods made from these materials, not included in other classes; printed matter; bookbinding material; photographs; stationery; adhesives for stationery or household purposes; artists' materials; paint brushes; typewriters and office requisites (except furniture); instructional and teaching material (except apparatus); plastic materials for packaging (not included in other classes); printers' type; printing blocks.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SHAPEVILLEUSA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/25/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ROGER L. FIDLER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SHAPEVILLEUSA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search shapevilleusa on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SHAPEVILLEUSA 




SHAPEVILLEUSA is providing Digital media, namely, pre-recorded DVDs, downloadable audio and video recordings, and CDs featuring and promoting children's educational material; Electronic publications, namely, books featuring children's educational material recorded on computer media; Pre-recorded digital media featuring children's educational material.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























Custom Learning Experiences for Higher Education - ExtensionEngine































 








Navigation

  
 
 
 


  Our Services  Custom Learning Experiences for Higher Education










Custom Learning Experiences for Higher Education
ExtensionEngine is a professional services company that helps higher education institutions create unique online and blended learning, what we call Custom Learning Experiences.
“I didn’t know a company like you existed!”
We hear it all the time.
We provide instructional design, user experience, software development, quality assurance, learner acquisition, project and program management. Our experience includes a top ivy leagues schools, one of the top technical universities in the world, a graduate program for a top jesuit school and more.
We operate on a fee-for-service basis, meaning the IP and revenue are yours to keep.
In launching 70+ online programs for 40+ institutions in the last 18 months, we created an approach to learning unlike any other.
Why custom learning experiences? Elite colleges and universities looking to offer unique and engaging learning experiences often struggle because solutions offered by most LMS and OPM vendors result in online learning that is undifferentiated, antiquated, boring and in many cases requires expensive revenue sharing.

Custom learning experiences leverage the latest techniques in learning science and advances in technology that involve the learner, get them to collaborate, get them to act, thereby resulting in true learning. It creates a learning environment that is not bounded by off-the-shelf technologies or generic courses. We put pedagogy first.
We operate on a fee-for-service basis, meaning the IP and revenue are yours to keep. There are no long term contracts or commitments. With a staff of over 200 experts, we help our clients with all aspects of building a custom learning experience, including project management, instructional design, UX/UI, development/QA, hosting/support and learner acquisition services.
LET’S TALK !





Course Content Creation
One cannot simply record video lectures and host them online and expect to deliver an effective learning experience.Read the blog post
Whether building an online masters program, MOOC or professional education certificate, one cannot simply record video lectures and host them online and expect to deliver an effective learning experience. Our team of instructional designers use modern techniques based on cognitive neuroscience and learning theory to find the right mix of pedagogy, technology and content. Custom learning experiences can offer content that is bite-sized, adaptive, asynchronous, live or recorded, social, and always available—all depending on your preferences. In the end, great instructional design delivers learning that is engaging and changes how learners think and behave.
Also, too often online programs look strikingly similar to others on the market. Instead, our staff of User Experience (UX) experts can create the right user interface that matches your brand and the experience you want. Our UX discipline incorporates a clear understanding of education theory, pedagogy, psychology and instructional design to drive learning that goes beyond optimizing short term usage to create intuitive, engaging, and effective learning experiences.





Our team thrives on interesting, challenging, and rewarding projects. Since our typical client projects are measured in years, we take on new clients carefully and are relentless in our search for the perfect fit.





Technology 
Pedagogy should drive technology decisions, not the other way around. Since we don’t sell software and are technology-agnostic, we can be fully objective in selecting the appropriate mix of existing software and custom software. We approach each new program from the top, finding the right mix of open source platforms, like Open edX, off the shelf learning management systems like Canvas, your existing IT infrastructure, or fully custom learning solutions. With our staff of over 150 software developers and QA professionals, we are experts in all major development languages and platforms.
Universities are turning to Open edX – an open source solution that can be fully customized.Learn More
Additionally, through incorporating open standards like LTI, SCORM, and REST APIs, we’re experienced with creating platforms that freely exchange data between existing learning management systems as well as other IT infrastructure pieces such as CRMs, ERPs and HRMs. And we can also integrate with cutting edge online learning solutions – like adaptive learning engines, video, content management and more. 





We act as your digital marketing agency, executing on content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, online advertising and more.





Learner Acquisition
We act as your digital marketing agency, executing on content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, online advertising and more.
Even the most desirable courses require marketing to find qualified students who are excited, committed, and have the right qualities to succeed. Additionally, it is critical that all marketing activities work in harmony with your organization’s existing brand. And are aligned with your student recruitment philosophy and approach. Driving enrollment to online courses is markedly different than that of in-person courses, and requires a unique mix of digital marketing, software development, and project management.
Working alongside your enrollment management, admissions and financial aid teams, our learner acquisition experts work with you to set marketing strategy, identify the proper learner personas, implement marketing campaigns and ultimately drive enrollment. We can act as your digital marketing agency, executing on everything from content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, and online advertising. We can also work with your existing digital marketing agency. As a fee-for-service provider, we will complement your existing staff and vendors and support you where you need it. And because we are not a revenue share model, we don’t have incentives to use aggressive marketing tactics and drive enrollment. Rather, we become your brand stewards and stay aligned with your approach and goals.





How We Work
We are certainly a different kind of company. First, we are selective in the projects we work on. They have to be complex and ambitious projects where we can collaborate with world-class clients. Second, we are happy to work behind the scenes. In fact many of our clients prefer we not disclose that we work with them. It is important to them that internal teams drive the work and build internal brand, which is fine with us. Third, we hire top notch talent only, so while we may not be the low cost option, you get people who can keep up with you and who deliver. How can we do this? We are a profitable, growing private company with no outside investors and no “exit plan,” so the only people we have to make happy are our employees, our clients and their learners. We are driven by different motivations than most companies who provide similar services. Call us to learn more.





Ready to hit the ground running?











 ee_adminCustom Learning Experiences for Higher Education10.06.2016 


















CONTACT
Want to get in touch?
Call +1 (888) 822-2516 or send us a message about your project.
SEND US A MESSAGE




CAREERS
We’d love to have you join our team!
SEE OUR OPEN POSITIONS




FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
Youtube
















TERMS & SERVICES







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 















Custom Software Development - ExtensionEngine































 








Navigation

  
 
 
 


  Our Services  Custom Software Development










Custom Software Development
ExtensionEngine has deeps roots as an outsourced software development firm. We have 150+ developers and QA located in the talent-rich Croatian cities of Split and Zagreb. Our UX team and senior project managers and principals are based in Cambridge, MA, USA.
Though our focus is now primarily on Custom Learning Experiences, we provide ongoing outsourced software development to a number of long term clients. We selectively take on new projects if they are interesting, technically challenging and we have a chance to collaborate with world-class companies. Contact us if you are interested in learning more.





Ready to hit the ground running?











 ee_adminCustom Software Development10.06.2016 


















CONTACT
Want to get in touch?
Call +1 (888) 822-2516 or send us a message about your project.
SEND US A MESSAGE




CAREERS
We’d love to have you join our team!
SEE OUR OPEN POSITIONS




FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
Youtube
















TERMS & SERVICES







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 















Custom Software Development - ExtensionEngine































 








Navigation

  
 
 
 


  Our Services  Custom Software Development










Custom Software Development
ExtensionEngine has deeps roots as an outsourced software development firm. We have 150+ developers and QA located in the talent-rich Croatian cities of Split and Zagreb. Our UX team and senior project managers and principals are based in Cambridge, MA, USA.
Though our focus is now primarily on Custom Learning Experiences, we provide ongoing outsourced software development to a number of long term clients. We selectively take on new projects if they are interesting, technically challenging and we have a chance to collaborate with world-class companies. Contact us if you are interested in learning more.





Ready to hit the ground running?











 ee_adminCustom Software Development10.06.2016 


















CONTACT
Want to get in touch?
Call +1 (888) 822-2516 or send us a message about your project.
SEND US A MESSAGE




CAREERS
We’d love to have you join our team!
SEE OUR OPEN POSITIONS




FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
Youtube
















TERMS & SERVICES







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 















Custom Learning Experiences for Not-for-Profits - ExtensionEngine































 








Navigation

  
 
 
 


  Our Services  Custom Learning Experiences for Not-for-Profits










Custom Learning Experiences forNot-for-Profits
Sometimes you need to tell a story, an important story. You need to reach and influence people. Get them to really understand what you are saying, ultimately driving them to think and behave differently. 
“I didn’t know a company like you existed!”
We hear it all the time.
ExtensionEngine creates custom learning experiences for organizations with just this challenge. A custom learning experience can uniquely amplify your message and enhance your reach to your audience.
We are a professional services company that helps elite companies and institutions create unique online and blended learning we call Custom Learning Experiences.
We provide instructional design, user experience, software development, quality assurance, learner acquisition, project and program management. In launching 70+ online programs for 40+ institutions in the last 18 months, we created an approach to learning unlike any other. Our clients include a top business consulting firm, renowned financial rating agency, leading medical device manufacturer, one of the largest software companies in the world, one of the largest private foundations in the U.S. and a top Ivy League school.

Involve the learner, get them to collaborate, get them to act.
Why custom learning experiences? Most online learning is undifferentiated, antiquated, and boring. It can be bounded by Learning Management Systems that are hard to use for learners. Custom learning experiences leverage the latest techniques in learning science and advances in technology that involve the learner, get them to collaborate, get them to act, thereby resulting in true learning. It creates a learning environment that is not bounded by off-the-shelf technologies or dated courses.
We operate on a fee-for-service basis, meaning the IP is yours and there are no long-term contracts or commitments. With a staff of over 200 experts, we help our clients with all aspects of building a custom learning experience, including project management, instructional design, UX/UI, development/QA, hosting/support and learner acquisition services.
LET’S TALK !





Course Content Creation
One cannot simply record video lectures and host them online and expect to deliver an effective learning experience.Read the blog post
Whether delivering a MOOC or online training program, one cannot simply record video lectures and host them online and expect to deliver an effective learning experience. Our team of instructional designers use the most modern techniques based on cognitive neuroscience and learning theory to find the right mix of pedagogy, technology and content. Custom learning experiences can offer content that is bite-sized, adaptive, asynchronous, live or recorded, social, and always available – all depending on your particular needs. In the end, great instructional design delivers learning that is engaging and changes how learners think and behave.
Also, too often online programs look strikingly similar to others on the market. Instead, our staff of User Experience (UX) experts can create the right user interface that matches your brand and the experience you want. Our UX discipline incorporates a clear understanding of education theory, pedagogy, psychology and instructional design to drive learning that goes beyond optimizing short term usage to create intuitive, engaging, and effective learning experiences.





Our team thrives on interesting, challenging, and rewarding projects. Since our typical client projects are measured in years, we take on new clients carefully and are relentless in our search for the perfect fit.





Technology
Pedagogy should drive technology decisions, not the other way around. Since we don’t sell software and are technology agnostic, we can be fully objective in selecting the appropriate mix of existing software and custom software. We approach each new program from the top, finding the right mix of open source platforms, like Open edX, off the shelf learning management systems, your existing IT infrastructure, or fully custom learning solutions. With our staff of over 150 software developers and QA professionals, we are experts in all major development languages and platforms.
Organizations are turning to Open edX – an open source solution that can be fully customized.Learn More
Additionally, through incorporating open standards like LTI, SCORM, and REST APIs, we’re experienced with creating platforms that freely exchange data between existing learning management systems as well as other IT infrastructure pieces such as CRMs, ERPs and HRMs. And we can also integrate with cutting edge online learning solutions – like adaptive learning engines, video, content management and more. 





Imagine having a fully staffed, senior software development team with experience in education technologies and having them start tomorrow.





Learner Acquisition
We act as your digital marketing agency, executing on content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, online advertising and more.
Even the greatest learning requires marketing to find the right learners who are excited, committed, and have the right qualities to succeed. Additionally, it is critical that all marketing activities work in harmony with your organization’s existing brand. And are aligned with your student recruitment philosophy and approach. Driving enrollment to online courses is markedly different than that of in-person courses, and requires a unique mix of digital marketing, software development, and project management. 
Working alongside your teams, our learner acquisition experts work with you to set marketing strategy, identify the proper learner personas, implement marketing campaigns and ultimately driving enrollment or registrations. We act as your digital marketing agency, executing on everything from content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, and online advertising. We can also work with your existing digital marketing agencies. As a fee-for-service provider, we will complement your existing staff and provider. 





How We Work
We are unlike most companies you will find. 
First, we are selective in the projects we work on. They have to be big, ambitious projects where we can collaborate with world-class clients. 
Second, we can work behind the scenes. In fact many of our clients prefer we not disclose that we work with them. It is important to them that internal teams drive the work, which is fine with us. We are a private company with no outside investors and no “exit plan,” so the only people we care to make happy are our employees, our clients and their learners.
We hire top notch talent only, so while we may not be the low cost option, you get people who can keep up with you and who deliver. Call us to learn more.





Ready to hit the ground running?











 ee_adminCustom Learning Experiences for Not-for-Profits10.14.2016 


















CONTACT
Want to get in touch?
Call +1 (888) 822-2516 or send us a message about your project.
SEND US A MESSAGE




CAREERS
We’d love to have you join our team!
SEE OUR OPEN POSITIONS




FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
Youtube
















TERMS & SERVICES







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 















Custom Learning Experiences for Not-for-Profits - ExtensionEngine































 








Navigation

  
 
 
 


  Our Services  Custom Learning Experiences for Not-for-Profits










Custom Learning Experiences forNot-for-Profits
Sometimes you need to tell a story, an important story. You need to reach and influence people. Get them to really understand what you are saying, ultimately driving them to think and behave differently. 
“I didn’t know a company like you existed!”
We hear it all the time.
ExtensionEngine creates custom learning experiences for organizations with just this challenge. A custom learning experience can uniquely amplify your message and enhance your reach to your audience.
We are a professional services company that helps elite companies and institutions create unique online and blended learning we call Custom Learning Experiences.
We provide instructional design, user experience, software development, quality assurance, learner acquisition, project and program management. In launching 70+ online programs for 40+ institutions in the last 18 months, we created an approach to learning unlike any other. Our clients include a top business consulting firm, renowned financial rating agency, leading medical device manufacturer, one of the largest software companies in the world, one of the largest private foundations in the U.S. and a top Ivy League school.

Involve the learner, get them to collaborate, get them to act.
Why custom learning experiences? Most online learning is undifferentiated, antiquated, and boring. It can be bounded by Learning Management Systems that are hard to use for learners. Custom learning experiences leverage the latest techniques in learning science and advances in technology that involve the learner, get them to collaborate, get them to act, thereby resulting in true learning. It creates a learning environment that is not bounded by off-the-shelf technologies or dated courses.
We operate on a fee-for-service basis, meaning the IP is yours and there are no long-term contracts or commitments. With a staff of over 200 experts, we help our clients with all aspects of building a custom learning experience, including project management, instructional design, UX/UI, development/QA, hosting/support and learner acquisition services.
LET’S TALK !





Course Content Creation
One cannot simply record video lectures and host them online and expect to deliver an effective learning experience.Read the blog post
Whether delivering a MOOC or online training program, one cannot simply record video lectures and host them online and expect to deliver an effective learning experience. Our team of instructional designers use the most modern techniques based on cognitive neuroscience and learning theory to find the right mix of pedagogy, technology and content. Custom learning experiences can offer content that is bite-sized, adaptive, asynchronous, live or recorded, social, and always available – all depending on your particular needs. In the end, great instructional design delivers learning that is engaging and changes how learners think and behave.
Also, too often online programs look strikingly similar to others on the market. Instead, our staff of User Experience (UX) experts can create the right user interface that matches your brand and the experience you want. Our UX discipline incorporates a clear understanding of education theory, pedagogy, psychology and instructional design to drive learning that goes beyond optimizing short term usage to create intuitive, engaging, and effective learning experiences.





Our team thrives on interesting, challenging, and rewarding projects. Since our typical client projects are measured in years, we take on new clients carefully and are relentless in our search for the perfect fit.





Technology
Pedagogy should drive technology decisions, not the other way around. Since we don’t sell software and are technology agnostic, we can be fully objective in selecting the appropriate mix of existing software and custom software. We approach each new program from the top, finding the right mix of open source platforms, like Open edX, off the shelf learning management systems, your existing IT infrastructure, or fully custom learning solutions. With our staff of over 150 software developers and QA professionals, we are experts in all major development languages and platforms.
Organizations are turning to Open edX – an open source solution that can be fully customized.Learn More
Additionally, through incorporating open standards like LTI, SCORM, and REST APIs, we’re experienced with creating platforms that freely exchange data between existing learning management systems as well as other IT infrastructure pieces such as CRMs, ERPs and HRMs. And we can also integrate with cutting edge online learning solutions – like adaptive learning engines, video, content management and more. 





Imagine having a fully staffed, senior software development team with experience in education technologies and having them start tomorrow.





Learner Acquisition
We act as your digital marketing agency, executing on content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, online advertising and more.
Even the greatest learning requires marketing to find the right learners who are excited, committed, and have the right qualities to succeed. Additionally, it is critical that all marketing activities work in harmony with your organization’s existing brand. And are aligned with your student recruitment philosophy and approach. Driving enrollment to online courses is markedly different than that of in-person courses, and requires a unique mix of digital marketing, software development, and project management. 
Working alongside your teams, our learner acquisition experts work with you to set marketing strategy, identify the proper learner personas, implement marketing campaigns and ultimately driving enrollment or registrations. We act as your digital marketing agency, executing on everything from content marketing, lead generation, SEO, social media, and online advertising. We can also work with your existing digital marketing agencies. As a fee-for-service provider, we will complement your existing staff and provider. 





How We Work
We are unlike most companies you will find. 
First, we are selective in the projects we work on. They have to be big, ambitious projects where we can collaborate with world-class clients. 
Second, we can work behind the scenes. In fact many of our clients prefer we not disclose that we work with them. It is important to them that internal teams drive the work, which is fine with us. We are a private company with no outside investors and no “exit plan,” so the only people we care to make happy are our employees, our clients and their learners.
We hire top notch talent only, so while we may not be the low cost option, you get people who can keep up with you and who deliver. Call us to learn more.





Ready to hit the ground running?











 ee_adminCustom Learning Experiences for Not-for-Profits10.14.2016 


















CONTACT
Want to get in touch?
Call +1 (888) 822-2516 or send us a message about your project.
SEND US A MESSAGE




CAREERS
We’d love to have you join our team!
SEE OUR OPEN POSITIONS




FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
Youtube
















TERMS & SERVICES







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 















Contact Us - ExtensionEngine































 








Navigation

  
 
 
 


  Contact Us










CONTACT US




In launching over 70 online programs for more than 40 institutions, our innovative approach has helped exceptional universities, corporations and nonprofits deliver next generation online and blended learning. We create custom learning experiences. 
Why custom learning experiences? Elite institutions want to offer unique and engaging learning, but often struggle because most available solutions are undifferentiated, antiquated, boring, or require expensive revenue sharing.
Our staff of over 200 experts works with clients on each aspect of building a custom learning experience, including project management, instructional design, UX/UI, development/QA, hosting/support, and learner acquisition services. We operate on a fee-for-service basis, which means the IP and revenue are yours to keep.
SOME OF OUR CLIENTS INCLUDE:





























SCHEDULE YOUR LAUNCH TODAY













OUR LOCATIONS





Boston, USA
196 Broadway
Cambridge, MA 02139
+1 (888) 822-2516





New York, USA
175 Varick Street
New York, NY 10014





Split, Croatia
Sarajevska 46D
21000 Split, Croatia





Zagreb, Croatia
Strojarska 20,
10th Floor, Office 1
10000 Zagreb, Croatia



 ee_adminContact Us09.13.2016 


















CONTACT
Want to get in touch?
Call +1 (888) 822-2516 or send us a message about your project.
SEND US A MESSAGE




CAREERS
We’d love to have you join our team!
SEE OUR OPEN POSITIONS




FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
Youtube
















TERMS & SERVICES







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 















Contact Us - ExtensionEngine































 








Navigation

  
 
 
 


  Contact Us










CONTACT US




In launching over 70 online programs for more than 40 institutions, our innovative approach has helped exceptional universities, corporations and nonprofits deliver next generation online and blended learning. We create custom learning experiences. 
Why custom learning experiences? Elite institutions want to offer unique and engaging learning, but often struggle because most available solutions are undifferentiated, antiquated, boring, or require expensive revenue sharing.
Our staff of over 200 experts works with clients on each aspect of building a custom learning experience, including project management, instructional design, UX/UI, development/QA, hosting/support, and learner acquisition services. We operate on a fee-for-service basis, which means the IP and revenue are yours to keep.
SOME OF OUR CLIENTS INCLUDE:





























SCHEDULE YOUR LAUNCH TODAY













OUR LOCATIONS





Boston, USA
196 Broadway
Cambridge, MA 02139
+1 (888) 822-2516





New York, USA
175 Varick Street
New York, NY 10014





Split, Croatia
Sarajevska 46D
21000 Split, Croatia





Zagreb, Croatia
Strojarska 20,
10th Floor, Office 1
10000 Zagreb, Croatia



 ee_adminContact Us09.13.2016 


















CONTACT
Want to get in touch?
Call +1 (888) 822-2516 or send us a message about your project.
SEND US A MESSAGE




CAREERS
We’d love to have you join our team!
SEE OUR OPEN POSITIONS




FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
Youtube
















TERMS & SERVICES







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 





















VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.


Company Address
60 KNOLLS CRESCENT, SUITE 9MBRONX, NY 10463


Company Phone
(973) 768 - 4181


Company Website
www.mathisbasic.com


CEO
Thomas P. Monahan


Employees  (as of 12/31/2010) 
1


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (6/2/2011)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.50


Shares Offered
1,000,000


Offer Amount
$500,000.00


Total Expenses
$20,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
16,350,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001518336




The net proceeds from the sale of the Maximum Offering are estimated at 
$480,000 after deducting estimated Offering expenses of $20,000. The net 
proceeds from the sale of the maximum number of Shares should satisfy the 
Company's current working capital needs. The following table details the 
Company's projected use of proceeds of the Offering based upon 100%, 50% and 
25% of the Offering sold. 

Percentage of Offering              100%          50%         25% 

Salaries                           $47,000      $47,000     $11,750 
Rent                                18,000       18,000      18,000 
Office equipment                    45,000       45,000      10,000 
Inventory                            5,000        5,000       5,000 
Marketing                          125,000       65,000      10,250 
Working capital                    240,000       50,000      50,000 
Total                             $480,000     $230,000    $105,000 

1. The Offering has no minimum and funds will be deposited in our operating 
   bank account as subscriptions are accepted. Funds will be applied as 
   received in the most productive manner to be determined by Management.


Virtual Learning competes primarily with other providers of supplemental 
educational materials and online learning tools.

We believe our principal competitors include:
 
• providers of online and offline supplemental instructional materials for the
  core subject areas of reading, mathematics, science and social studies for 
  K-12 institutions;	

• companies that provide K-12-oriented software and online-based educational
  assessment and remediation products and services to students, educators,
  parents, and educational institutions;

• the assessment divisions of established education publishers, including
  Pearson Education, Inc., The McGraw-Hill Companies, and Houghton Mifflin
  Harcourt Company;

• providers of online and offline test preparation materials;

• traditional print textbook and workbook companies that publish K-12 core
  subject educational materials, standardized test preparation materials or
  paper and pencil assessment tools;

• summative assessment companies that have expanded their product lines to
  include formative assessment and instruction products;

• non-profit and membership educational organizations and government agencies
  that offer online and offline products and services, including in some
  cases at no cost, to assist individuals in standards mastery and test
  preparation; and

• providers of website hosting for students, teachers and schools.

We believe the principal competitive factors in Virtual Learning’s market 
are:
		
• quality of content and deep customization to standards;

• formative assessment and reporting to inform instruction;

• ease of use, including whether a product is available online;

• program efficacy and the ability to provide improved student outcomes;

• ability to engage students;

• quality of subscriber support;

• vendor reputation; and

• price.

Virtual Learning  competes primarily with textbook, workbook, study guide and 
software products published by the large postsecondary publishers, such as 
Pearson, McGraw-Hill, Cengage, Wiley, and Mosby (Reed Elsevier).


Company Description
Virtual was formed as a Nevada corporation on January 6, 2009. Virtual Learning
is a subscription-based, software-as-a-service provider of education products. 
The Company provides standards-based instruction, practice and assessments that
improve the performance of students via proprietary


 web-based platforms through
any one of our several websites on the World Wide Web with the URL 
www.mathisbasic.com ; www.learningisbasic.com ; www.eschoolroom.com ; and 
www.educationisbasic.com. All of these web sites feed into the Company’s sole 
consolidated content providing web site www.learningisbasic.com. 

Virtual Learning is also a producer and distributor of computer software and 
video educational materials on CD and DVD formatted disks which will be 
available through various distributors and our websites either as a download 
or in boxed format We have combined rigorous content in math with interactive 
features and games that engage students, reinforce and reward learning 
achievement. 

We are a development stage company and have not yet commenced business 
operations or generated any revenues. We have been issued a "substantial doubt"
going concern opinion from our auditors and our only assets are our cash, 
property and equipment, and capitalized curriculum development costs, at 
September 31, 2011, consisting of approximately $7,200, $2,500 and $243,000.

Virtual Learning’s principal place of business and corporate offices are 
located at 60 Knolls Crescent, Suite 9M, Bronx, NY 10463. Our telephone number 
is (973) 768-4181 and our registered agent for service of process is Marilyn 
Radloff, 115 Taurus Circle, Reno, NV 89511. Our websites are 
www.mathisbasic.com; www.learningisbasic.com; www.eschoolroom.com; and 
www.educationisbasic.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$64,079


Total Assets
$252,726






Total Liabilities
$13,712


Stockholders' Equity
$239,014




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 5 Total: 5
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
424B3
1/11/2012
Filing



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
S-1/A
8/9/2011
Filing



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
S-1/A
8/4/2011
Filing



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
S-1/A
7/22/2011
Filing



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
S-1
6/2/2011
Filing







Experts


Auditor
LGG & Associates, PC


Company Counsel
Roger L. Fidler,  Esq.


Transfer Agent
Manhattan Transfer Registrar Company


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX
















































VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. IPO: News - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO News





VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.


Company Address
60 KNOLLS CRESCENT, SUITE 9MBRONX, NY 10463


Company Phone
(973) 768 - 4181


Company Website
www.mathisbasic.com


CEO
Thomas P. Monahan


Employees  (as of 12/31/2010) 
1


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (6/2/2011)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.50


Shares Offered
1,000,000


Offer Amount
$500,000.00


Total Expenses
$20,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
16,350,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001518336




The net proceeds from the sale of the Maximum Offering are estimated at 
$480,000 after deducting estimated Offering expenses of $20,000. The net 
proceeds from the sale of the maximum number of Shares should satisfy the 
Company's current working capital needs. The following table details the 
Company's projected use of proceeds of the Offering based upon 100%, 50% and 
25% of the Offering sold. 

Percentage of Offering              100%          50%         25% 

Salaries                           $47,000      $47,000     $11,750 
Rent                                18,000       18,000      18,000 
Office equipment                    45,000       45,000      10,000 
Inventory                            5,000        5,000       5,000 
Marketing                          125,000       65,000      10,250 
Working capital                    240,000       50,000      50,000 
Total                             $480,000     $230,000    $105,000 

1. The Offering has no minimum and funds will be deposited in our operating 
   bank account as subscriptions are accepted. Funds will be applied as 
   received in the most productive manner to be determined by Management.


Virtual Learning competes primarily with other providers of supplemental 
educational materials and online learning tools.

We believe our principal competitors include:
 
• providers of online and offline supplemental instructional materials for the
  core subject areas of reading, mathematics, science and social studies for 
  K-12 institutions;	

• companies that provide K-12-oriented software and online-based educational
  assessment and remediation products and services to students, educators,
  parents, and educational institutions;

• the assessment divisions of established education publishers, including
  Pearson Education, Inc., The McGraw-Hill Companies, and Houghton Mifflin
  Harcourt Company;

• providers of online and offline test preparation materials;

• traditional print textbook and workbook companies that publish K-12 core
  subject educational materials, standardized test preparation materials or
  paper and pencil assessment tools;

• summative assessment companies that have expanded their product lines to
  include formative assessment and instruction products;

• non-profit and membership educational organizations and government agencies
  that offer online and offline products and services, including in some
  cases at no cost, to assist individuals in standards mastery and test
  preparation; and

• providers of website hosting for students, teachers and schools.

We believe the principal competitive factors in Virtual Learning’s market 
are:
		
• quality of content and deep customization to standards;

• formative assessment and reporting to inform instruction;

• ease of use, including whether a product is available online;

• program efficacy and the ability to provide improved student outcomes;

• ability to engage students;

• quality of subscriber support;

• vendor reputation; and

• price.

Virtual Learning  competes primarily with textbook, workbook, study guide and 
software products published by the large postsecondary publishers, such as 
Pearson, McGraw-Hill, Cengage, Wiley, and Mosby (Reed Elsevier).


Company Description
Virtual was formed as a Nevada corporation on January 6, 2009. Virtual Learning
is a subscription-based, software-as-a-service provider of education products. 
The Company provides standards-based instruction, practice and assessments that
improve the performance of students via proprietary


 web-based platforms through
any one of our several websites on the World Wide Web with the URL 
www.mathisbasic.com ; www.learningisbasic.com ; www.eschoolroom.com ; and 
www.educationisbasic.com. All of these web sites feed into the Company’s sole 
consolidated content providing web site www.learningisbasic.com. 

Virtual Learning is also a producer and distributor of computer software and 
video educational materials on CD and DVD formatted disks which will be 
available through various distributors and our websites either as a download 
or in boxed format We have combined rigorous content in math with interactive 
features and games that engage students, reinforce and reward learning 
achievement. 

We are a development stage company and have not yet commenced business 
operations or generated any revenues. We have been issued a "substantial doubt"
going concern opinion from our auditors and our only assets are our cash, 
property and equipment, and capitalized curriculum development costs, at 
September 31, 2011, consisting of approximately $7,200, $2,500 and $243,000.

Virtual Learning’s principal place of business and corporate offices are 
located at 60 Knolls Crescent, Suite 9M, Bronx, NY 10463. Our telephone number 
is (973) 768-4181 and our registered agent for service of process is Marilyn 
Radloff, 115 Taurus Circle, Reno, NV 89511. Our websites are 
www.mathisbasic.com; www.learningisbasic.com; www.eschoolroom.com; and 
www.educationisbasic.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$64,079


Total Assets
$252,726






Total Liabilities
$13,712


Stockholders' Equity
$239,014




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 5 Total: 5
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
424B3
1/11/2012
Filing



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
S-1/A
8/9/2011
Filing



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
S-1/A
8/4/2011
Filing



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
S-1/A
7/22/2011
Filing



VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
S-1
6/2/2011
Filing







Experts


Auditor
LGG & Associates, PC


Company Counsel
Roger L. Fidler,  Esq.


Transfer Agent
Manhattan Transfer Registrar Company


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































10-K: VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









12:33 A.M. ET


Breaking
      Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
                                





 
12:20 A.M. ET


                                  Tesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7/28


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7/28


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
7/28


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.
    








    By

Published: May 11, 2016 12:31 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION  Forward-Looking Statements  Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation contains "forward-looking" statements, as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology, such as the words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "project," "plan," "will," "shall," "should," and similar expressions, including when used in the negative. Although we believe the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. Current shareholders and prospective investors are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Such forward-looking statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control, and actual results for future periods could differ materially from those discussed in this report, depending on a variety of important factors, among which are our ability to implement our business strategy, our ability to compete with major established companies, the acceptance of our products in our target markets, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, our ability to obtain financing, our ability to continue as a going concern, and other risks described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date of this report. Future events and actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements. You should read this report completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what management expects. We will not update forward-looking statements even though its situation may change in the future.  We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Important factors on which such statements are based are assumptions concerning uncertainties, including but not limited to uncertainties associated with the following:  (a) potential fluctuation in quarterly results;  (b) our failure to earn revenues or profits;  (c) inadequate capital and barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement our business plans;  (d) inadequate capital to continue business;  (e) changes in demand for our products and services;  (f) rapid and significant changes in markets;  (g) litigation with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties;  (h) insufficient revenues to cover operating costs.  You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto, included herewith. This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment of management.  PLAN OF OPERATION  Overview  Virtual Learning was formed as a Nevada corporation on January 6, 2009. We are a subscription-based, software-as-a-service provider of education products who at the present time is making our math courses available to all students free of charge, grades First through college level calculus, as an incentive to utilize our www.mathisbasic.com website. Ideally students will return often to improve their knowledge and make use of test and practice sessions.  Virtual Learning provides standards-based instruction, practice, and assessments that improve the performance of students via proprietary web-based platforms through our website on the World Wide Web with the URL www.mathisbasic.com.  Virtual Learning is also a producer and distributor of computer software and video educational materials on CD and DVD formatted disks and in a textbook ePub format, which will be available through various distributors and our website either as a download or in boxed format. We have combined rigorous content in math with interactive features and games that engage students, reinforce, and reward learning achievement. In 2012, Virtual Learning began publishing an aggregate of fourteen titles to Amazon Kindle and Barnes and Noble Nook. These titles have a retail price of $3.00 and earn the Company a 65% royalty with each sale.  The Company has one curriculum development contract with Lawrence William Kazmierczak, a professor of mathematics that requires the Company to pay him to author courses in Pre-Calculus, Calculus I, and II, and to consult on the creation of high school level math courses. This Agreement provides for Professor Kazmierczak to receive 5% royalties on the Company's net revenues up to one million dollars of net revenues, and 5% royalty on net revenues beyond one million dollars on projects in which he directly participates and has made material contributions. In addition, he has received 200,000 shares of the Company's common stock. We determine what projects in which he has directly participated and made material contributions by our internal record keeping as to time devoted to each project. We determine the revenue attributed to those projects by monitoring devices that allow us to determine which authorized user has devoted how much time to which module and then comparing the same to the entire revenue stream.  Events and Uncertainties critical to our business  Demand for our products and services are affected by the general economic conditions in the United States. When economic conditions are favorable and discretionary income increases, purchases of non-essential items like software generally increase. When economic conditions are less favorable, sales of non-essential educational items are generally lower. In addition, we may experience more competitive pricing pressures during economic downturns. Therefore, any significant economic downturn or any future changes in consumer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient sales to make our operations profitable. We may continue to have little or no sales and continue to sustain losses in the future. If we continue to sustain losses, we will be forced to curtail our operations and go out of business. Our success depends in a large part in the of our ability to create additional product lines sufficient to create a catalog of programs to offer allowing us to implement a successful marketing and sales plan. While we are currently seeking to hire additional computer programmers and educators to consult with as to program accuracy and content there is no guarantee that these efforts will result in any substantial sales. Because of the lack of funding, we are unable to hire a dedicated programming and research consulting team who will devote their efforts to helping us design and create new programs of high quality in a timely manner.  If we are able to obtain sufficient funding to become operational, there is no guarantee that we will be able to find personnel who will be able to work closely with the Company to help design and create new lines of product or to process orders, including special orders, made via the internet.  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures. We review our estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the following accounting policies are critical to the judgments and estimates we use in preparing our financial statements.  Going Concern  As of December 31, 2015, Virtual Learning had cash of $2,298 and negative working capital of $82.073. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, Virtual Learning had revenues $107 and $400, respectively and sustained net losses of $160,284 and $49,825, respectively. These factors raise substantial doubt about Virtual Learning's ability to continue as a going concern. Virtual Learning has also unamortized capitalized stock-based and contributed curriculum development costs as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 of $51,334 and $87,467, respectively. The recovery of these asset costs and continuation of future operations are dependent upon Virtual Learning's ability to obtain additional debt or equity capital and its ability to generate revenues sufficient to continue pursuing its business purposes. Virtual Learning is pursuing financing to fund future operations.  Virtual Learning is subject to a number of risks similar to those of other development stage enterprises. These risks include, but are not limited to, rapid technological change, dependence on key personnel, competing new product introductions and other activities of competitors, the successful development and marketing of its products, and the need to obtain adequate additional capital necessary to fund future operations.  There is no assurance that Virtual Learning can reverse its operating losses, or that it can raise additional capital to allow it to continue its planned future operations. These factors raise additional substantial doubt about Virtual Learning's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of recorded asset amounts that might be necessary from an unfavorable resolution of this uncertainty.  Property and Equipment  Property and equipment is presented at stated value upon contribution or at the cost of acquisition. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of five years. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred, and renewals and betterments are capitalized.  Use of Estimates  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles .generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.  On an ongoing basis, Virtual Learning's management evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, the need for an allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable, the need for recognition of an impairment allowance for capitalized curriculum development costs, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, deemed value of common stock for the purpose of determining stock-based compensation, and income taxes, among others. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.  Virtual Learning's management (board of directors) determines the value assigned to shares of common stock in the absence of a public market for these shares.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  Fair value is defined as the price that we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. In determining fair value, GAAP establishes a three-level hierarchy used in measuring fair value, as follows:  ? Level 1 inputs are quoted prices available for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.  ? Level 2 inputs are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.  ? Level 3 inputs are less observable and reflect our own assumptions.  Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts payable. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable approximates fair value because of their short maturities. We may adjust the carrying amount of certain nonfinancial assets to fair value on a non-recurring basis when they are impaired. No such adjustments were made in years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.  Capitalized Curriculum Development Costs  Virtual Learning internally develops curriculum, which is primarily provided as web content and accessed via the Internet. Virtual Learning also creates text books and other offline materials.  Virtual Learning capitalizes curriculum development costs incurred during the application development stage in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles provide guidance for the treatment of costs associated with computer software development and defines those costs to be capitalized and those to be expensed. Costs that qualify for capitalization are external direct costs, payroll, and payroll-related expenses. Costs related to general and administrative functions are not capitalized and are expensed as incurred. Virtual Learning capitalizes curriculum development costs when the projects under development reach technological feasibility. Many of our new courses are leveraged off proven delivery platforms and are primarily content, which has no technological hurdles. As a result, a significant portion of our courseware development costs qualify for capitalization due to the concentration of our development efforts on the content of the courseware.  Technological feasibility is established when we have completed all planning, designing, coding, and testing activities necessary to establish that a course can be produced to meet its design specifications. Capitalization ends when a course is available for general release to our customers, at which time amortization of the capitalized costs begins. The period of time over which these development costs are amortized is generally five years. This is consistent with the capitalization period used by others in our industry and corresponds with our product development lifecycle.  Cash and Cash Equivalents  All liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents; all liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months are classified as short-term investments.  Revenue Recognition  Revenue is recognized when all of the following conditions are satisfied: there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the customer has access to full use of the product, the collection of the fees is reasonably assured, and the amount of the fees to be paid by the customer is fixed or determinable.  Revenue generated from the Company's subscription based learning service will be recognized when all of the following conditions are satisfied: there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the customer has access to full use of the product, the collection of the fees is reasonably assured, and the amount of the fees to be paid by the customer is fixed or determinable.  Revenue from customer subscriptions will be recognized ratably over the subscription term beginning on the commencement date of each subscription. The average subscription term is twelve (12) months for our products, and all subscriptions are on a non-cancelable basis. When additional months are offered as a promotional incentive, those months are part of the subscription term. As part of their subscriptions, customers generally benefit from new features and functionality with each release at no additional cost.  Although our membership contracts are generally non-cancelable, customers have the right to cancel their contracts by providing prior written notice to us of their intent to cancel the remainder of the contract term. In the event a customer cancels its contract, they are not entitled to a refund for prior services we have provided to them.  Customer support is provided to customers following the sale at no additional charge and at a minimal cost per call.  Virtual Learning does not incur significant up-front costs related to providing its products and services and therefore does not defer any expenses.  Revenue from the sale of CD's or DVD's and other materials is recognized when shipped or available to the customer in a downloadable format.  Income Taxes  Virtual Learning accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the provision for income tax in the statements of operations. Virtual Learning evaluates the probability of realizing the future benefits of its deferred tax assets and provides a valuation allowance when realization of the assets is not reasonably assured.  Virtual Learning recognizes in its financial statements the impact of tax positions that meet a "more likely than not" threshold, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share  Basic net income (Basic net loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period (none for the periods presented).  Recent Developments  During the period from January 1, 2015, to December 31, 2015, we made the following improvements in that we:  1. improved our methods of animation workflow to the point of being able to render our work product as both an interactive animation and video format suitable for playing on You Tube or manufacturing, production and distribution as a DVD formatted disc;  2. continued the process of changing the programming platform of our website from being Adobe Flash based to utilizing WordPress as the basis of website. This change will ensure that our website will be available to potential users utilizing various cell phones providers as the basis for accessing educational products: accessible through various tablet sized computers offered by various computer manufacturers and other computer based educational devices that are contemplated by the computer industry.  3. continued our implementation and utilization of HostGator services as our ISP which reduced the cost of internet services and to take advantage of their increased security in their database software and took advantage of their full range of programming platform offerings for WordPress.  Most, and possibly all, of the expertise gained in 2015 has been lost with the death of Thomas P. Monahan on April 4, 2016.  Seasonality of Business  In the United States, seasonal trends associated summer vacations, start of academic years, normal gift giving holidays, popular shopping holidays and occasions, promotion to the next grade level are periods where sales are expected to be higher because of relationship of purchasing gifts and needed items for friends and family members being specifically associated with these occasions. In addition, sales of subscriptions to organizations willing to sponsor group subscribers start of school budget years, and state testing calendars also affect the timing of our sales of subscriptions to new and existing subscribers. At present, we anticipate that subscriptions to our products will generate the vast majority of our revenue. We rely significantly on our ability to secure renewals for subscriptions to our products as well as sales to new subscribers.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - THE VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.  The summary of selected financial data table below   THE VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year ended Year ended December 31, 2015 December 31, 2014 Revenue $ 107 $ 400 Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative 35,841 16,469 Common stock issued for legal services 40,000 - Depreciation and amortization 31,800 32,800 Total operating expenses 107,641 49,269 Loss from operations (107,534 ) (48,869 ) Other income/deductions Amortization of debt discounts (45,834 ) Interest expense (6,916 ) 956 Total other income (expense) (52,750 ) Net loss $ (160,284 ) $ (49,825 )  Management has taken substantial time in the development and programming of our virtual textbooks and related materials and thought was spent in updating our website. The measure of our success in the future will depend on our ability to navigate through a treacherous macroeconomic environment and challenging market conditions, execute our strategic vision, including attracting and retaining the management talent necessary for such execution, designing and delivering products that are acceptable to the marketplaces that we serve, sourcing the manufacture and distribution of our products on a competitive and optimal basis and focusing our retail capabilities.  Results of Operations - Comparison for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014  Revenues  For the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, net revenues were $107 as compared to $400 for the year ended December 31, 2014. This decrease in net revenue stream was the result of adding to our list of ePub titles available on Amazon Kindle and Barnes and Noble's Nook systems. Our retail price as suggested by Amazon was set at three dollars with a royalty per agreement set by Amazon and Barnes and Noble at 65% of the sales price. Amazon will offer our titles in various markets around the world at various royalty points. The retail price of $3.00 was also used for our ePub titles listed with Barnes and Noble's Nook system. As of December 31,2015 and 2014, all of our sales were domestic.  Cost of Sales  For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, our cost of sales were none. This lack of cost of sales is attributed to fact that our sales through Amazon's Kindle and Barnes and Noble's Nook were through their download program whereby we receive a net royalty of 65% of the sale price which was set by Amazon and Barnes and Noble at $3.00 per title less a download fee per title of approximately $.35 per sale.  Operating Expenses  Operating expenses increased $58,372 from $49,269 in 2014 to $107,641 in 2015. The increase was attributable to the issuance of common stock issued for legal services in 2015 ($-0- 2014) and offset partially by a $19,372 increase in selling, general and administrative expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ending December 31, 2015 of $35,841 includes Computer and internet expense of $4,026, Nevada Franchise taxes of $625, office expenses of $550, professional fees of $23,609, SEC publication expense of $6,490 stock transfer expenses of $541. The Company also recorded interest expense of $6,916 on total convertible debt of $50,000. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ending December 31, 2014 of $16,469 includes Computer and internet expense of $2,011, Nevada Franchise taxes of $625, office expenses of $33, professional fees of $12,500 and stock transfer expenses of $1,300  In January 2015, Virtual Learning issued a total of 200,000 shares of common stock to four noteholders in connection with their loans totaling $40,000 (see Note 5).  The 200,000 shares were valued at $40,000 (or $.20 per share), which amount was charged to debt discounts in the three months ended March 31, 2015.  In February 2015, Virtual Learning issued 200,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Roger Fidler for legal services. The 200,000 shares were valued at $40,000 (or $.20 per share), which amount was expensed in the three months ended March 31, 2015.  In June 2015 Virtual Learning sold a total of 2,100 shares of common stock to three individuals at a price of $.50 per share for proceeds of $1,050.  In June 2015, Virtual Learning issued a total of 50,000 shares of common stock to two individuals in connection with their loans totaling $10,000 (see Note 5). The 50,000 shares were valued at $10,000 (see Note 5). The 50,000 shares were valued at $10,000 (or $.20 per share), which amount was charged to debt discounts in the three months ended June 30 2015.  In July 2015, Virtual Learning sold a total of 100 shares of common stock to one individual at a price of $.50 per share for proceeds of $50.  In October and November, 2014, Virtual Learning received cash loans from three individuals and one entity totaling $40,000. The loans bear interest at 15% per annum and are due one year from the date of receipt. The lenders have the right to convert all or part of the principal and interest into Virtual Learning common stock at a price of $.20 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company has accrued interest of $956.  As an inducement to make the loans, Virtual Learning promised to issue the lenders an aggregate of 200,000 shares of Virtual Learning common stock (which were issued and delivered to the lenders in January 2015).  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, our cash balance was $2,298 and $26,773, respectively, total assets were $53,632 and $114,240, respectively, and total current liabilities amounted to $84,371 and $71,462, respectively, including officer loans payable of $14,525 and $19,366, respectively. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the total stockholders' equity was $(30,739) and $42,778, respectively. Until the company achieves a net positive cash flow from operations, we are dependent on Mr. Monahan to advance the Company sufficient funds to continue operations and to continue services at no cost to the Company. In October and November, 2014, In 20,15,Virtual Learning received cash loans from three individuals and one entity totaling $40,000 and additional cash loans from two individuals totaling $10,000 in 2015. The loans bear interest at 15% per annum and are due one year from the date of receipt. The lenders have the right to convert all or part of the principal and interest into Virtual Learning common stock at a price of $.20 per share. We may seek additional capital to fund potential costs associated with expansion and/or acquisitions.  In his report dated April 30, 2015, our independent auditor stated that our . . .  May 11, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch




















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 

























Virtual Learning Company, Inc. 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Virtual Learning Company, Inc. 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. 10-Q Date: 11/14/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     

 


 


 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

 

FORM
10-Q

 

[X]
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

For the
Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016

 

[  ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

For the
transition period from __________ to __________

 


Commission
File No. 333-174674

 

THE
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.


 


 

(Exact
Name of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter)

 




Nevada



 



20-2208821





(State Or
Other Jurisdiction Of
Incorporation Or Organization)



 



(I.R.S.
Employer
Identification No.)




 

314 South
Main Street Forked River, New Jersey 08731


 


 

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (609) 693-8881

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes [  ] No [X]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes [  ] No [X]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller
reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.

 




Large
Accelerated Filer [  ]



 Accelerated
Filer [  ]



Non-Accelerated
Filer [  ]



Smaller
Reporting Company [X]




 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [  ] No [X]

 

The number
of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock, as of
November 11, 2016, was 23,226,667.

 

 


 


 




 




  

 




 




 

THE
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.

 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 




PART I.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



 



3





 



 



 





ITEM 1.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



 



3





 



 



 





Consolidated
Balance Sheets



 



3





 



 



 





Consolidated
Statements of Operations



 



4-5





 



 



 





Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



 



6





 



 



 





Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements



 



7





 



 



 





ITEM 2.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS



 



18





 



 



 





ITEM 3.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISKS



 



21





 



 



 





ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES



 



21





 



 



 





PART II.
OTHER INFORMATION



 



22





 



 



 





ITEM 1. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS



 



22





 



 



 





ITEM 2.
UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS



 



22





 



 



 





ITEM 3.
DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES AND CONVERTIBLE
NOTES



 



22





 



 



 





ITEM 4.
SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY
HOLDERS



 



22





 



 



 





ITEM 5. OTHER
INFORMATION



 



22





 



 



 





ITEM 6.
EXHIBITS



 



22





 



 



 





SIGNATURES



 



23




 
 




2




  

 




 



 



 




 


 PART 1 -
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

 


 ITEM 1.
Financial Statements.

 


THE
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.

 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS

 




 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



Unaudited



 



 



 



 





ASSETS



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CURRENT
ASSETS



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash



 



$



61,193



 



 



$



2,298



 





Accounts
receivable



 



 



55,245



 



 



 



-



 





Total
current assets



 



 



116,438



 



 



 



2,298



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





OTHER
ASSETS



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Capitalized
curriculum development costs



 



 



28,234



 



 



 



51,334



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
assets



 



$



144,672



 



 



$



53,632



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIENCY



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CURRENT
LIABILITIES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



$



60,688



 



 



$



16,140



 





Billings
in excess of costs and estimated earnings



 



 



56,997



 



 



 



-



 





Convertible
Notes Payable, net of unamortized debt discounts of $ 0 and $
4,166, respectively, and accrued interest



 



 



63,497



 



 



 



53,706



 





Loans
payable to related parties



 



 



16,408



 



 



 



14,525



 





Total
current liabilities



 



 



197,590



 



 



 



84,371



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





STOCKHOLDERS’
DEFICIENCY



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Preferred
stock; 5,000,000 shares authorized, $.001 par value, as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there are no shares
outstanding



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Common
stock; 70,000,000 shares authorized, $.001 par value, as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there are 23,066,667 and
16,304,300 shares outstanding



 



 



23,067



 



 



 



16,304



 





Additional
paid-in capital



 



 



1,321,251



 



 



 



1,305,513



 





Accumulated
deficit



 



 



(1,397,236



)



 



 



(1,352,556



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
stockholders’ deficiency



 



 



(52,918



)



 



 



(30,739



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
liabilities and stockholders’ deficiency



 



$



144,672



 



 



$



53,632



 




 

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statement

 




3




  

 




 



 



 




 


THE
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.

 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Unaudited

 




 



 



Nine
months ended
September 30, 2016



 



 



Nine
months ended
September 30, 2015*



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Revenue:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Construction
contracts



 



$



58,977



 



 



$



-



 





Educational
software and products



 



 



21



 



 



 



75



 





Total
revenue



 



 



58,998



 



 



 



75



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cost of
construction contracts



 



 



41,339



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Gross
profit



 



 



17,659



 



 



 



75



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Operating
Expenses:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Selling,
general and administrative, including issuance of common stock for
legal services of $ 2,500 and $40,000, respectively



 



 



32,006



 



 



 



76,437



 





Amortization
of capitalized curriculum development costs



 



 



23,100



 



 



 



24,600



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
operating expenses



 



 



55,106



 



 



 



101,037



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Loss from
operations



 



 



(37,447



)



 



 



(100,962



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Other
expenses (income):



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Amortization
of debt discounts



 



 



4,166



 



 



 



36,666



 





Interest
expense



 



 



5,625



 



 



 



5,038



 





Consulting
fee income



 



 



(2,558



)



 



 



-



 





Total
other expenses-net



 



 



7,233



 



 



 



41,704



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
loss



 



$



(44,680



)



 



$



(142,666



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Basic and
diluted earnings (loss) per common share



 



$



(.00



)



 



$



(.01



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Weighted
average common shares outstanding-basic and diluted



 



 



17,281,086



 



 



 



16,236,500



 




 

*As
reclassified-see Note 1

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statement

 




4




  

 




 



 



 




 


THE
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.

 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Unaudited

 




 



 



Three
months ended
September 30, 2016



 



 



Three
months ended
September 30, 2015*



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Revenue:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Construction
contracts



 



$



58,977



 



 



$



-



 





Educational
software and products



 



 



-



 



 



 



20



 





Total
revenue



 



 



58,977



 



 



 



20



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cost of
construction contracts



 



 



41,339



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Gross
profit



 



 



17,638



 



 



 



20



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Operating
Expenses:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Selling,
general and administrative, including issuance of common stock
for legal services of $ 2,500 and $0, respectively



 



 



21,507



 



 



 



9,265



 





Amortization
of capitalized curriculum development costs



 



 



7,700



 



 



 



8,200



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
operating expenses



 



 



29,207



 



 



 



17,465



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Loss from
operations



 



 



(11,569



)



 



 



(17,445



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Other
expenses:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Amortization
of debt discounts



 



 



-



 



 



 



12,500



 





Interest
expense



 



 



1,875



 



 



 



1,878



 





Total
other expenses



 



 



1,875



 



 



 



14,378



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
loss



 



$



(13,444



)



 



$



(31,823



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Basic and
diluted earnings (loss) per common share



 



$



(.00



)



 



$



(.00



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Weighted
average common shares outstanding-basic and diluted



 



 



19,234,659



 



 



 



16,304,250



 




 

*As
reclassified-see Note 1

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statement

 




5




  

 




 



 



 




 


THE
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC.

 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Unaudited

 




 



 



For
the
Nine months ended
September 30, 2016



 



 



For
the
Nine months ended
September 30, 2015*



 





OPERATING
ACTIVITIES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
loss



 



$



(44,680



)



 



$



(142,666



)





Adjustments
to reconcile net loss to net cash provided (used) in operating
activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Amortization
of capitalized curriculum development costs



 



 



23,100



 



 



 



24,600



 





Amortization
of debt discounts



 



 



4,166



 



 



 



36,666



 





Issuance
of common stock for legal services



 



 



2,500



 



 



 



40,000



 





Changes in
operating assets and liabilities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
receivable



 



 



(55,245)



 



 



 



-



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses, including accrued interest
 relating to convertible notes payable of $5,625 and $5,038,
Respectively



 



 



50,174



 



 



 



13,038



 





Billings
in excess of costs and estimated earnings



 



 



56,997



 



 



 



-



 





Net cash
provided (used) in operating activities



 



 



37,012



 



 



 



(28,362



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





INVESTING
ACTIVITIES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Property
and equipment



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





FINANCING
ACTIVITIES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Proceeds
from Convertible notes payable



 



 



-



 



 



 



10,000



 





Proceeds
from sale of common stock



 



 



-



 



 



 



1,100



 





Proceeds
from loans payable to related parties



 



 



24,883



 



 



 



-



 





Repayments
of loans payable to former chief executive officer who  died
in April 2016-net



 



 



(3,000



)



 



 



(6,668



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net cash
provided by financing activities



 



 



21,883



 



 



 



4,432



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH



 



 



58,895



 



 



 



(23,930



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH
BALANCE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD



 



 



2,298



 



 



 



26,773



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH
BALANCE, END OF PERIOD



 



$



61,193



 



 



$



2,843



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Supplemental
Disclosures of Cash Flow Information:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Interest
expense paid



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





Income
taxes paid



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Non-Cash
Investing and Financing Activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Newly
Acquired Construction Business (Note 1):



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Issuance
of 2,225,000 restricted shares of common stock for investment in
Dream Homes Ltd.



 



$



 



 



 



$



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Issuance
of 2,287,367 restricted shares of common stock for rights to 6
construction contracts of Dream Homes Ltd.



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





Issuance
of 2,000,000 restricted shares of common stock in satisfaction of
loans  payable to General Property Investments LLC (see
Note-6)



 



$



20,000



 



 



$



-



 





Issuance
of common stock in connection with the sale of
Convertible notes payable charged to debt discounts



 



$



-



 



 



$



50,000



 





Cancellation
of common stock issued in 2009 for capitalized  curriculum
development costs



 



$



-



 



 



$



(4,333



)




 

*As
reclassified-see Note 1

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements

 




6




  

 




 



 



 




 

THE
VIRTUAL LEARNING COMPANY, INC. 

 NOTES TO
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016

Unaudited

 

Note 1 -
Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of
Presentation

 

Basis of
Presentation

 

The
accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America and the rules and regulations of the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission for interim
financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and
Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they may not include all
the information and footnotes necessary for a comprehensive
presentation of financial position, results of operations or cash
flows. It is management’s opinion, however, that all material
adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) have been
made which are necessary for a fair financial statement
presentation.

 

The
unaudited interim financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the Company’s Annual Report filed on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which contains the
audited financial statements and notes thereto, together with
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, for the year ended December 31,
2015.

 

Nature of
Operations

 

The
Virtual Learning Company, Inc. (“Virtual Learning”) was
incorporated on January 6, 2009 as a Nevada corporation with
75,000,000 shares of capital stock authorized, of which 70,000,000
shares are common shares ($.001 par value), and 5,000,000 shares
are preferred shares ($.001 par value).

 

Virtual
Learning has been a subscription based software as a service
(“SaaS”) provider of education products. Virtual
Learning provides standards-based instruction, practice,
assessments, and productivity tools that improve the performance of
educators and students via proprietary web-based platforms at
www.mathisbasic.com, www.scienceisbasic.com and
www.readingisbasic.com.

 

Virtual
Learning is also a producer of a series of practice workbooks
published on CD, DVD formatted disc and USB Drives and in the ePub
format which have been offered for sale through Barnes and
Noble’s Nook and Amazon’s Kindle since 2012.

 

Newly
Acquired Construction Business

 

On August
19, 2016, Virtual Learning acquired 4.5% of Dream Homes,Ltd.
(“DHL”), 100% of Dream Building, LLC
(“DBL”) , a wholly owned subsidiary of DHL, and use of
all construction licensing and registrations held by Atlantic
Northeast Construction LLC (“ANCL”), a wholly owned
subsidiary of DHL, in exchange for the issuance of 2,225,000
restricted shares of Virtual Learning common stock to DHL at an
agreed price of $.05 per common share.

 

 




7




  

 




 



 



 




 

The
majority stockholder and chief executive officer of DHL is also the
controlling stockholder and chief executive officer of Virtual
Learning. As Virtual Learning and DHL were entities under common
control, the acquired assets were reflected by Virtual Learning at
DHL’s $0 carrying amount on the date of transfer pursuant to
Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
805-50-30-5.

 

From
August 19, 2016 to August 23, 2016, Virtual Learning acquired the
rights to complete 6 in process construction contracts of ANCL in
exchange for the issuance of 2,287,367 restricted shares of Virtual
Learning common stock to DHL at an agreed price of $.05 per common
share for those ANCL contracts. As Virtual Learning and DHL were
entities under common control, the acquired rights were reflected
at DHL’s $0 carrying amount on the date of transfer pursuant
to ASC 805-50-30-5.

 

 

Going
Concern Uncertainty

 

These
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. These standards contemplate continuation of Virtual
Learning as a going concern.

 

As of
September 30, 2016, Virtual Learning had $61,193 cash and negative
working capital of $81,152. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, Virtual Learning had revenues of $58,998 and $75,
respectively, and sustained net losses of $44,680 and $142,666,
respectively. These factors raise substantial doubt about Virtual
Learning’s ability to continue as a going concern. Virtual
Learning has also unamortized capitalized stock-based and
contributed curriculum development costs of $28,234 as of September
30, 2016. The recovery of these asset costs and continuation of
future operations will be dependent upon Virtual Learning’s
ability to obtain additional debt or equity capital and its ability
to generate revenues sufficient to continue pursuit of its business
purposes. Virtual Learning is actively seeking financing to fund
future operations.

 

Virtual
Learning is subject to a number of risks similar to those of other
development stage enterprises. These risks include, but are not
limited to, rapid technological change, dependence on key
personnel, competing new product introductions and other activities
of competitors, the successful development and marketing of its
products, and the need to obtain adequate additional capital
necessary to fund future operations.

 

There is
no assurance that Virtual Learning can reverse its operating
losses, or that it can raise additional capital to allow it to
continue its planned future operations. These factors raise
additional substantial doubt about Virtual Learning’s ability
to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of recorded
asset amounts that might be necessary from an unfavorable
resolution of this uncertainty.

 

Principles
of Consolidation

 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Virtual
Learning and its wholly owned subsidiary DBL (collectively, the
“Company”). All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.

 

 




8




  

 




 



 



 




 

Property
and Equipment

 

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over an
estimated useful life of five years. Repairs and maintenance costs
are expensed as incurred, and renewals and betterments are
capitalized.

 

Use of
Estimates

 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles .generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and
the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from
these estimates.

 

 

Cash and
Cash Equivalents

 

All liquid
investments with stated maturities of three months or less from
date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents; all liquid
investments with stated maturities of greater than three months are
classified as short-term investments.

 

Fair Value
of Financial Instruments

 

Fair value
is defined as the price that we would receive to sell an asset or
pay to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants on the measurement date. In
determining fair value, GAAP establishes a three-level hierarchy
used in measuring fair value, as follows:

 

●
Level 1 inputs are quoted prices available for identical assets and
liabilities in active markets.

 

●
Level 2 inputs are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets
and liabilities in active markets or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data.

 

●
Level 3 inputs are less observable and reflect our own
assumptions.

 

Our
financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents,
receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses and convertible
notes payable and accrued interest. The carrying amount of cash and
cash equivalents, receivables and accounts payable and accrued
expenses approximates fair value because of their short maturities.
The carrying value of the convertible notes payable and accrued
interest approximates fair value based on the value of comparable
financial instruments with similar terms. We may adjust the
carrying amount of certain nonfinancial assets to fair value on a
non-recurring basis when they are impaired. No such adjustments
were made for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015.

 

Construction
Contracts

 

Revenue
recognition:

 

The
Company and its affiliated entities recognize construction contract
revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, based primarily
on contract cost incurred to date compared to total estimated
contract cost. Cost of revenue includes an allocation of
depreciation, amortization and general overhead cost. Changes to
total estimated contract cost or losses, if any, are recognized in
the period in which they are determined.

 

The
Company generally provides limited warranties for work performed
under its construction contracts with periods typically extending
for a limited duration following substantial completion of the
Company’s work on a

project.

 




9




  

 




 



 



 




 

The
Company classifies construction-related receivables and payables
that may be settled in periods exceeding one year from the balance
sheet date, if any, as current assets and liabilities consistent
with the length of time of its project operating cycle. For
example:

 




 



●



Costs and
estimated earnings in excess of billings represent the excess of
contract costs and profits (or contract revenue) over the amount of
contract billings to date and are classified as a current
asset.





 



 



 





 



●



Billings
in excess of costs and estimated earnings represent the excess of
contract billings to date over the amount of contract costs and
profits (or contract revenue) recognized to date and are classified
as a current liability.




 

Costs and
estimated earnings in excess of billings result when either: 1)
costs are incurred related to certain claims and unapproved change
orders, or 2) the appropriate contract revenue amount has been
recognized in accordance with the percentage-of-completion
accounting method, but a portion of the revenue recorded cannot be
billed currently due to the billing terms defined in the contract.
Claims occur when there is a dispute regarding both a change in the
scope of work and the price associated with that change. Unapproved
change orders occur when there is a dispute regarding only the
price associated with a change in scope of work. For both claims
and unapproved change orders, the Company recognizes revenue, but
not profit, when it is determined that recovery of incurred cost is
probable and the amounts can be reliably estimated.

 

Change in
Estimates:

 

The
Company’s estimates of contract revenue and cost are highly
detailed and many factors change during a contract performance
period that result in a change to contract profitability. These
factors include, but are not limited to, differing site conditions:
availability of skilled contract labor: performance of major
material suppliers and subcontractors: on-going subcontractor
negotiations and buyout provisions: unusual weather conditions:
changes in the timing of scheduled work: change orders: accuracy of
the original bid estimate: changes in estimated labor productivity
and costs based on experience to date: achievement of
incentive-based income targets: and the expected, or actual,
resolution terms for claims. The factors that cause changes in
estimates vary depending on the maturation of the project within
its lifecycle. For example, in the ramp-up phase, these factors
typically consist of revisions in anticipated project costs and
during the peak and close-out phases, these fators include the
impact of change orders and claims as well as additional revisions
in remaining anticipated project costs. Generally, if the contract
is at an early stage of completion, the current period impact is
smaller than if the same change in estimate is made to the contract
at a later stage of completion. Management focuses on evaluating
the performance of contracts individually and uses the cumulative
catch-up method to account for revisions in estimates. Material
changes in estimates are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements.

 

Educational
Software and Products

 

Revenue
Recognition:

 

Revenue is
recognized when all of the following conditions are satisfied:
there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the customer has
access to full use of the product, the collection is reasonably
assured, and the amount to be paid by the customer is fixed or
determinable.

 

Revenue
generated from the Company’s subscription based learning
service is recognized when all of the following conditions are
satisfied: there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the
customer has access to full use of the product, the collection is
reasonably assured, and the amount to be paid by the customer is
fixed or determinable.

 

Revenue
from customer subscriptions is recognized ratably over the
subscription term beginning on the commencement date of each
subscription. The average subscription term is twelve (12) months
for our products, and all subscriptions are on a non-cancelable
basis. When additional months are offered as a promotional
incentive, those months are part of the subscription term. As part
of their subscriptions, customers generally benefit from new
features and functionality with each release at no additional
cost.

 

 




10




  

 




 



 



 




 

Although
our membership contracts are generally non-cancelable, customers
have the right to cancel their contracts by providing prior written
notice to us of their intent to cancel the remainder of the
contract term. In the event a customer cancels their contract, they
are not entitled to a refund for prior services we have provided to
them.

 

Customer
support is provided to customers following the sale at no
additional charge and at a minimal cost per call.

 

Virtual
Learning does not incur significant up-front costs related to
providing its products and services and therefore does not defer
any expenses.

 

Revenue
from the sale of CD’s or DVD’s and other materials is
recognized when shipped or available to the customer in a
downloadable format.

 

Capitalized
Curriculum Development Costs

 

Virtual
Learning has internally developed curriculum, which is primarily
offered as web content and accessed via the Internet. Virtual
Learning also creates textbooks and other offline
materials.

 

Virtual
Learning has capitalized curriculum development costs incurred
during the application development stage in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. These principles provide guidance for the treatment of
costs associated with computer software development and defines
those costs to be capitalized and those to be expensed. Costs that
qualify for capitalization are external direct costs, payroll, and
payroll-related expenses. Costs related to general and
administrative functions are not capitalized and are expensed as
incurred. Virtual Learning has capitalized curriculum development
costs when the projects under development have reached
technological feasibility. Many of our courses are leveraged off
proven delivery platforms and are primarily content, which has no
technological hurdles. As a result, a significant portion of our
courseware development costs have qualified for capitalization due
to the concentration of our development efforts on the content of
the courseware.

 

Technological
feasibility is established when we have completed all planning,
designing, coding, and testing activities necessary to establish
that a course can be produced to meet its design specifications.
Capitalization ends when a course is available for general release
to our customers, at which time amortization of the capitalized
costs begins. The period of time over which these development costs
have been amortized is five years. This is consistent with the
capitalization period used by others in our industry and
corresponds with our product development lifecycle.

 

Virtual
Learning tests for impairment annually. At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company’s estimates of future
undiscounted cash flows from the courses exceeded the carrying
amounts of the capitalized curriculum development costs ($28,234
and $51,334, respectively) and therefore no impairment was
recognized.

 

Income
Taxes

 

Virtual
Learning accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability
method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax reporting purposes.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax
rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
change in tax rates is recognized in the provision for income tax
in the statements of operations. Virtual Learning evaluates the
probability of realizing the future benefits of its deferred tax
assets and provides a valuation allowance when realization of the
assets is not reasonably assured.

 

 




11




  

 




 



 



 




 

Virtual
Learning recognizes in its financial statements the impact of tax
positions that meet a “more likely than not” threshold,
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits
recognized from such a position are measured based on the largest
benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being
realized upon ultimate settlement.

 

Net Income
(Loss) Per Common Share

 

Basic net
income (basic net loss) per common share is calculated by dividing
net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period.

 

Diluted
net income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding and poten


 








 














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































