










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















SEC Info - Virtus ETF Trust II, et al. - ‘485BXT’ on 5/24/16











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Virtus ETF Trust II, et al. – ‘485BXT’ on 5/24/16On:  Tuesday, 5/24/16, at 5:15pm ET   ·   Accession #:  891092-16-15085   ·   File #s:  811-23078, 333-206600
Previous ‘485BXT’:  ‘485BXT’ on 5/11/16   ·   Next:  ‘485BXT’ on 5/24/16   ·   Latest:  ‘485BXT’ on 7/14/17   ·   Referenced via Accession #:  To:  Virtus ETF Trust II – ‘485APOS’ on 2/29/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 5/24/16  Virtus ETF Trust II               485BXT                 1:25K                                    Doremus Fin..Printing/FA
          → Virtus Enhanced U.S. Equity ETF ⇒ VESP
F-->Post-Effective Amendment to Designate a New Effective DateFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BXT      Form N-1A                                           HTML     16K 

D-->H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->


As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2016 
Securities Act Registration No. 333-206600

Investment Company Act Reg. No. 811-23078
 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
___________________________________
 
FORM N-1A
 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933T
 


Pre-Effective Amendment No. ____  
£

Post-Effective Amendment No. 6
T

 
and/or
 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT
COMPANY ACT OF 1940T
 
Amendment No. 8       	T
(Check appropriate box or boxes.)
___________________________________
 
Virtus ETF Trust II
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)
 
1540 Broadway, New York, NY 10036
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)
 
(212) 593-4383
(Registrant’s Telephone Number, including
Area Code)
 
Virtus ETF Trust II
c/o Corporation Service Company
2711 Centerville Road, Suite
400
Wilmington, DE 19808
(Name and Address of Agent
for Service)
 
with a copy to:
 
Jeffrey T. Skinner, Esq.
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP
1001 W. Fourth Street
Winston-Salem, NC 27101
Phone: (336) 607-7512
Fax: (336) 734-2608
 
It is proposed that this filing will become effective (check appropriate
box):
 


¨ Immediately upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b)
 
x  On June 8, 2016, pursuant to paragraph (b)

¨ 60 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)
 
¨  On (date) pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)

¨ 75 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(2)
 
¨  On (date) pursuant to paragraph (a)(2)

If appropriate, check the following box:


x
The post-effective amendment designates a new effective date for a previously filed post-effective amendment

 

 
 
This Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registrant’s
Registration Statement on Form N-1A is being filed pursuant to paragraph (b)(1)(iii) of Rule 485 of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “1933 Act”), solely for the purpose of delaying, until June 8, 2016, the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement for the Virtus DWA Sector Trend ETF filed in Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 on February 29, 2016, pursuant to paragraph
(a) of Rule 485 of the 1933 Act SEC Accession No. 0000891092-16-012876) (referred to herein as “PEA No. 2”), the effectiveness
of which was previously delayed pursuant to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 on May 11, 2016.
 
This Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 incorporates
by reference the information contained in Parts A, B and C of PEA No. 2.
 
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the
requirements of the 1933 Act and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Registrant certifies that it meets all the
requirements for effectiveness of this Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 485(b) under the 1933 Act and has duly caused this
Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, duly authorized, in the City of New York and State of New
York on the 24th day of May, 2016.


 
VIRTUS
  ETF TRUST II

 
(Registrant)

 
By: 
/s/William J. Smalley

 
 
William J. Smalley, President

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following person(s) in the
capacities and on the date(s) indicated.


Name
Title
Date

 /s/  William
  J. Smalley	       
      William
  J. Smalley
President
(Principal Executive Officer)
May
24, 2016

 /s/ 
  Brinton Frith  	       
      Brinton
  Frith
Treasurer
(Principal Financial Officer)
May
24, 2016

 /s/ 
  George R. Aylward*  	       
      George
  R. Aylward
Trustee
May
24, 2016

 /s/ 
  Stephen G. O’Grady*  	       
      Stephen
  G. O’Grady
Trustee
May
24, 2016

 /s/ 
  James Simpson*  	       
      James
  Simpson
Trustee
May
24, 2016

 /s/ 
  Robert S. Tull*  	       
      Robert
  S. Tull
Trustee
May
24, 2016

 /s/ 
  Myles J. Edwards*  	       
      Myles
  J. Edwards
Trustee
May
24, 2016

*
  By:
/s/  William
  J. Smalley
 
May
24, 2016

 
William
  J. Smalley, Attorney-in-fact 
 
 

 

 


R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘485BXT’ Filing    Date    Other Filings6/8/16Filed on:5/24/165/11/16485BXT2/29/16485APOS List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000891092-16-015085   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 04:42:49.0 GMT 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














SEC Info - Virtus ETF Trust II - ‘CORRESP’ from 1/5/16











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Virtus ETF Trust II – ‘CORRESP’ from 1/5/16On:  Tuesday, 1/5/16, at 5:27pm ET   ·   Private-to-Public:  Filing ¶ — Delayed-and-Released:  3/24/16   ·   Accession #:  891092-16-11204
Previous ‘CORRESP’:  None   ·   Next:  ‘CORRESP’ on 1/15/16   ·   Latest:  ‘CORRESP’ on 8/29/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 1/05/16  Virtus ETF Trust II               CORRESP¶    3/24/16    1:232K                                   Doremus Fin..Printing/FAF-->Delayed-and-Released Comment-Response or Other Letter to the SECFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: CORRESP   ¶ Comment-Response or Other Letter to the SEC         HTML     57K 

D-->H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->
 
January 5, 2016
FILED VIA EDGAR
 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
100 F Street, N.E.
Washington, D.C. 20549
 

Re:Virtus ETF Trust II, File Nos. 333-206600 and 811-23078
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
We are submitting this
correspondence on behalf of our client, the Virtus ETF Trust II (the “Trust”). Ms. Anu Dubey of the staff
(the “Staff”) of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”)
provided oral comments, on September 18, 2015, regarding the above-referenced registration statement (the “Registration
Statement”) on Form N-1A under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and the
Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “1940 Act”), to register common shares of the Virtus Newfleet Dynamic
Credit ETF (formerly, the Virtus Newfleet High Yield Income ETF) (the “Fund”), a series of the
Trust. The following are the comments provided and the Trust’s response to each:
 
Prospectus
Fees
and Expenses of the Fund

1.Please confirm that the Expense Limitation Agreement
between the Trust and Virtus ETF Advisers LLC (the “Adviser”) with respect to the Fund will remain in place for at
least one year from the effective date of the Registration Statement. See Instruction 3(e) to Item 3 of Form N-1A.
RESPONSE:
The Trust confirms that the Fund’s Expense Limitation Agreement will remain in place for at least one year from the effective
date of the Registration Statement.
Principal
Investment Strategy

2.The disclosure states that “the Fund will
invest not less than 80% of its assets in high yield securities.” Please describe the high yield securities in which the
Fund will invest as part of its principal investment strategy, including whether the Fund will invest in asset-backed securities
(e.g., mortgage-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations). Please add the corresponding risks of the applicable
types of high yield securities to the “Principal Risks” section. In addition, if the Fund will invest in collateralized
loan obligations (“CLOs”) or other collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) that rely on Sections 3(c)(1)
or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (“1940 Act”), please disclose supplementally whether there are any
limits on the amount the Fund can invest in such investments and whether the Fund treats these investments as illiquid. 
RESPONSE:
As indicated above, the Trust has changed the Fund’s name to the Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF. In light of this change,
the Fund has made appropriate changes to the description of the Fund’s principal investment strategies to reflect the Fund’s
focus on credit

1 
 
instruments
generally, as opposed to a singular focus on high yield securities. Consistent with the foregoing, the the description of the Fund’s
principal investment strategies (including the Fund’s 80% investment limitation) has been deleted and replaced with the following
(changes are indicated below): 
“In seeking to achieve the Fund’s
investment objective, Newfleet Asset Management, LLC (the “Sub-Adviser”) applies a time-tested approach to credit
research to capitalize on opportunities across undervalued areas of the credit high yield fixed income (i.e., “junk
bond”) markets. High yield fixed income securities are those that are rated “below investment grade”,
which the Sub-Adviser defines as being rated lower than the four highest rating categories of a nationally recognized statistical
rating organization or, if unrated, determined to be of comparable quality by the Sub-Adviser.  Under normal market
conditions, the Fund will invest not less than 80% of its total assets in high yield securities. “credit
investments”, which the Sub-Adviser defines as including: (i) corporate and sovereign bonds; (ii) loans (including, without
limitation, through loan participations and assignments); (iii) securitized instruments (including, without limitation, mortgage-backed
securities, collateralized loan obligations and other securities backed by pools of assets such as mortgages, loans or other receivables);
(iv) interest rate futures (including, without limitation, U.S. treasury futures); and (v) exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”)
that are linked to, or provide investment exposure to, any of the foregoing types of securities. The Fund may invest in credit
investments of any credit quality without limitation, including, without limitation, high yield credit investments (i.e., “junk
bonds”). High yield credit investments are those that are rated “below investment grade”, which the Sub-Adviser
defines as being rated lower than the four highest rating categories of a nationally recognized statistical rating organization
or, if unrated, determined to be of comparable quality by the Sub-Adviser. The Fund is an actively managed ETF and, thus, does
not seek to replicate the performance of a specified passive index of securities. Instead, it uses an active investment strategy
that seeks to meet its investment objective.”
 
Additionally, the Trust has added the following
disclosure to the “Principal Risks” section:
 

“Exchange Traded Funds. The Fund may invest in actively managed or index-based
ETFs. Through its positions in ETFs, the Fund will be subject to the risks associated with such vehicles’ investments, including
the possibility that the value of the securities or instruments held by an ETF could decrease (or increase). Investments in ETFs
are also subject to the following additional risks:
 

·Market Value Risk. The market value of an ETF’s
shares may differ from its NAV. This difference in price may be due to the fact that the supply and demand in the market for ETF
shares at any point in time is not always identical to the supply and demand in the market for the underlying basket of securities.
Accordingly, there may be times when an ETF trades at a premium (creating the risk that the Fund pays more than NAV for an ETF
when making a purchase) or discount (creating the risks that the Fund’s NAV is reduced for undervalued ETFs it holds, and
that the Fund receives less than NAV when selling an ETF).
 

·Tracking Risk. Index-based ETFs in which the Fund
invests may not be able to replicate exactly the performance of the indices they track because the total

2 
 
return generated by the ETF’s
underlying securities will be reduced by transaction costs incurred in adjusting the actual balance of the securities. In addition,
index-based ETFs in which the Fund invests may incur expenses not incurred by their applicable indices. Certain securities comprising
the indices may, from time to time, temporarily be unavailable, which may further impede an ETF’s ability to track its applicable
index or match its performance.
 

·Investment Limitation. Under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 Act, as amended (“1940 Act”), the Fund may not acquire shares of an ETF if, immediately after such
acquisition, the Fund and its affiliated persons would hold more than 3% of the ETF’s total outstanding shares unless (i)
the ETF or the Fund has received an order for exemptive relief from the 3% limitation from the Securities and Exchange Commission
that is applicable to the Fund; and (ii) the ETF and the Fund take appropriate steps to comply with any conditions in such order.
Accordingly, the 3% limitation may prevent the Fund from allocating its investments in the manner the Sub-Adviser considers optimal,
or cause the Sub-Adviser to select an investment other than that which the Sub-Adviser considers optimal.
 

·Expenses. To the extent the Fund invests in ETFs,
your cost of investing in the Fund will generally be higher than the cost of investing directly in ETFs, because you will bear
the Fund’s direct fees and expenses in addition to the fees and expenses charged by the underlying ETFs in which the Fund
invests. Furthermore, the Fund’s investments in ETFs could affect the timing, amount and character of the Fund’s distributions
and therefore may increase the amount of your tax liability.
 

·Sampling Risk. The index-based ETFs in which the Fund invests
may utilize a representative sampling approach to track their respective underlying indices. ETFs that utilize a representative
sampling approach are subject to an increased risk of tracking error because the securities selected for the ETF in the aggregate
may vary from the investment profile of the underlying index. Additionally, if using a representative sampling approach, an ETF
will typically hold a smaller number of securities than the underlying index, and, as a result, an adverse development to an issuer
of securities that the ETF holds could result in a greater decline in NAV than would be the case if the ETF held all of the securities
in the underlying index.
 
Futures Contracts.  A futures
contract is a bilateral agreement to buy or sell a security (or deliver a cash settlement price, in the case of a contract relating
to an index or otherwise not calling for physical delivery at the end of trading in the contracts) for a set price in the future. 
An interest rate future is a futures contract with an interest-bearing instrument as the underlying asset, such as a U.S. Treasury
Bond or U.S. Treasury Note. The Fund will be required to deposit with its custodian in a segregated account cash, U.S. Government
securities, suitable money market instruments, or liquid, high-grade fixed income securities, known as “initial margin”,
in an amount required for the particular futures contract as set by the exchange on which the contract is traded.  This margin
amount may be significantly modified from time to time by the exchange during the term

3 
 
of the contract.  If the price
of an open futures contract changes (by increase in the case of a sale or by decrease in the case of a purchase) so that the loss
on the futures contract reaches a point at which the margin on deposit does not satisfy margin requirements, the broker will require
an increase in the margin. The Fund will incur brokerage fees when it purchases and sell futures contracts. Positions taken in
the futures markets are not normally held until delivery or cash settlement is required, but are instead liquidated through offsetting
transactions, which may result in a gain or a loss. While futures positions taken by the Fund will usually be liquidated in this
manner, the Fund may instead make or take delivery of underlying securities whenever it appears economically advantageous for the
Fund to do so.”
 
The Fund does not intend to invest in companies
that rely on the exclusions from the definition of an investment company in Sections 3(c)(1) and 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act as a principal
investment strategy, such as CLOs and CDOs. Nevertheless, there is no formal limit on the Fund’s ability to invest in such
investments other than applicable liquidity or other limits imposed by the 1940 Act or the rules thereunder. The Fund will consider
illiquid those securities that cannot be sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of business within seven days at approximately
the value ascribed to them by the Fund. To the extent that CLOs or CDOs meet the foregoing definition, they will be considered
illiquid by the Fund.
 
In connection with the Fund’s potential
investments in CLOs and CDOs, the Trust has added the following disclosure to the “Other Investment Policies” section
of the Fund’s Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”):
 
“COLLATERALIZED
DEBT OBLIGATIONS (“CDOS”). The Fund may invest in CDOs. A CDO is a security backed by a pool of bonds,
loans or other debt obligations. CDOs are not limited to investing in one type of debt and accordingly, a CDO may own corporate
bonds, commercial loans, asset-backed securities, residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities
or emerging market debt. The CDO’s securities are typically divided into several classes, or bond tranches, that have differing
levels of investment grade or credit tolerances. Most CDO issues are structured in a way that enables the senior bond classes and
mezzanine classes to receive investment-grade credit ratings. Credit risk is shifted to the most junior class of securities. If
any defaults occur in the assets backing a CDO, the senior bond classes are first in line to receive principal and interest payments,
followed by the mezzanine classes and finally by the lowest rated (or non-rated) class, which is known as the equity tranche. Similar
in structure to a collateralized mortgage obligation (described above) CDOs are unique in that they represent different types of
debt and credit risk.
 
COLLATERALIZED
LOAN OBLIGATIONS. The Fund may invest in CLOs, which are debt instruments backed solely by a pool of other
debt securities. The risks of an investment in a CLO depend largely on the type of the collateral securities and the class of the
CLO in which the Fund invests. Some CLOs have credit ratings, but are typically issued in various classes with various priorities.
Normally, CLOs are privately offered and sold (that is, they are not registered under the securities laws) and may be characterized
by the Fund as illiquid securities; however, an active dealer market may exist for CLOs that qualify for Rule 144A transactions.
In addition to the normal interest rate, default and other risks of fixed income securities, CLOs carry additional risks,

4 
 
including, without limitation, the
possibility that distributions from collateral securities will not be adequate to make interest or other payments, the quality
of the collateral may decline in value or default, the Fund may invest in CLOs that are subordinate to other classes, values may
be volatile, and disputes with the issuer may produce unexpected investment results.”
Additionally, the Trust has added the following
disclosure to the “Other Investment Policies” section of the SAI:
 
“CREDIT
DEFAULT SWAPS. The Fund may invest in credit default swaps (“CDSs”) (including, without limitation, contracts
on individual securities and index credit default swaps, which are contracts on baskets or indices of securities). The economic
return of CDSs depends upon the performance of the reference obligations and/or the reference entities. Exposure to the credit
risk of such types of assets through the purchase of CDSs presents risks in addition to those resulting from direct purchases of
such types of assets as the related reference obligations. For instance, an active market may not exist for any of the CDSs in
which the Fund invests. As a result, the Fund’s ability to maximize returns or minimize losses on such CDSs may be impaired.
In addition, the Fund will usually have a contractual relationship only with the counterparty offering the CDS and not the reference
obligors on the reference obligations. As a result, the Fund generally will have no right directly to enforce compliance by the
reference obligors with the terms of the reference obligations, no rights of set-off against the reference obligors, or any voting
or other rights of ownership with respect to the reference obligations. The Fund will not directly benefit from any collateral
supporting such reference obligations and will not have the benefit of the remedies that would normally be available to a holder
of such reference obligations. Even if, in the case of physically settled CDSs, the Fund obtains such rights upon delivery of the
defaulted reference obligations, the Fund’s ability to “work-out” effectively the defaulted reference obligations
may be significantly diminished.
 
CDSs also
expose the Fund to counterparty risk. In the event of the insolvency of the counterparty, the Fund will be treated as a general
creditor of such counterparty and will not have any claim with respect to the reference obligations. Consequently, the Fund will
be subject to credit risk with respect to defaults by such counterparty as well as by the reference obligors.
 
When the Fund
enters into a short unfunded CDS, upon the occurrence of a credit event, the Fund has an obligation to either deliver the defaulted
reference obligation or an equivalent cash payment. Similarly, when the Fund enters into a long unfunded CDS, upon the occurrence
of a credit event, the Fund has an obligation to deliver a cash payment related to such credit event. To the extent the Fund lacks
adequate funds to satisfy these delivery requirements, the Fund will be required to liquidate other Fund investments in a manner
which may be inconsistent with its original investment intent and the Fund’s return may be adversely affected.
 
To the extent
a CDS requires the Fund to settle physically the defaulted reference obligation, the Fund may be adversely affected by the purchase
price of the defaulted reference obligation. Similarly, CDS cash settlement mechanics may not accurately

5 
 
reflect the
related credit loss and may be subject to the discretion of the party performing the calculation. In addition, there can be losses
under a CDS without a related default with respect to the referenced obligation. This occurs when the definition of a credit event
in the CDS contains events that are not truly credit related and is called credit basis risk. Also, the size of the structured
notes underlying a funded CDS in relation to the size of the reference obligation affects the severity of the losses. In general,
as the size of the structured notes decreases in relation to the size of the reference obligation, the Fund’s exposure to
credit risk with respect to the CDS increases.
 
Other risks
of CDSs include the cost of paying for credit protection if there are no credit events, pricing transparency when assessing the
cost of a credit default swap, and the need to fund the delivery obligation (either cash or the defaulted bonds, depending on whether
the Fund enters into a long or short swap, respectively). The Fund’s position in CDSs is also subject to liquidity risk,
market risk, structural risk, legal risk, and interest rate risk. The Fund may also invest in certificates which represent an undivided
interest in a pool of high yield fixed income securities (“Underlying Securities”). Such securities pay principal and
interest to the extent the Underlying Securities pay principal and interest. The Fund may, subject to certain restrictions, optionally
redeem its certificates for the related pro rata interest in the Underlying Securities.
 
Exposure to
the credit risk of such types of assets through the purchase of such certificates presents risks in addition to those resulting
from direct purchases of the Underlying Securities. Until the Fund redeems its certificates, the Fund will not have a direct contractual
relationship with the issuers of the Underlying Securities and will not have a right directly to enforce compliance by such issuers
with the terms of the Underlying Securities, a right of set-off against such issuers, or any direct rights of ownership with respect
to the Underlying Securities. The Fund’s ability to exercise voting rights with respect to the Underlying Securities may
also be limited until it redeems its certificates. The Fund’s yield on such securities is dependent upon a number of factors,
including, without limitation, the purchase price of such securities and the occurrence of any early or mandatory redemption with
respect thereto. The Fund’s investments in such certificates are also subject to prepayment risk, credit risk, liquidity
risk, market risk, structural risk, legal risk, and interest rate risk.”
 

3.The third bullet point on page 5 states that
the Sub-Adviser attempts to maintain the duration of the Fund at a level similar to that of the Barclays U.S. High-Yield 2% Issuer
Capped Bond Index (the “Index”). In plain English, please disclose what the Index measures and the duration of the
Index as of a recent date.
RESPONSE:
The Trust has added the following disclosure to the third bullet point in the “Principal Investment Strategy” section
(new language is underlined):

·“The Sub-Adviser attempts to maintain the duration of the Fund
at a level similar to that of the Barclays U.S. High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped Bond Index, an index comprised of dollar denominated
and nonconvertible fixed rate, non-investment grade debt securities, with a maximum allocation of 2% to any single issuer. As of
December 1, 2015, the Barclays U.S. High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped Bond Index had a modified adjusted duration of 4.30 years.
Duration measures the

6 
 
interest rate sensitivity of a fixed
income security by assessing and weighting the present value of the security’s payment pattern. Generally, the longer the
maturity the greater the duration and, therefore, the greater effect interest rate changes have on the price of the security.”
Principal
Risks

4.Inasmuch as “Loan Participation
and Assignment Risk” is a principal risk of the Fund (as disclosed on page 6), please add disclosure relating to loan participations
and loan assignments to the “Principal Investment Strategy” section.

RESPONSE:
Please see the Trust’s response to Comment 2. The Trust has added disclosure relating to loan participations and assignments
to the “Principal Investment Strategy” section.

5.If the Fund intends to invest in debt of countries
that are experiencing economic uncertainty (e.g., Greece) or may be subject to sanctions (e.g., Russia) as part of
its principal investment strategy, please disclose such investments in the “Principal Investment Strategy” section
and add appropriate risk disclosure in the “Principal Risks” section under “Foreign Securities Risk”, “Emerging
Markets Risk” or in a separate risk factor. 
RESPONSE: The
Trust has added the following disclosure to the “Principal Investment Strategy” section (new language is underlined):

“Although
the Fund will primarily invest in the securities of U.S. issuers, the Fund may also invest in securities of foreign issuers, including
those in emerging markets or in countries experiencing economic uncertainty.” 
Additionally,
the Trust has added the following disclosure to the “Foreign Securities” risk disclosure under “Principal Risks”
(new language is underlined):
“Countries Experiencing Economic
Uncertainty. Issuers in countries experiencing economic uncertainty, which includes countries subject to sanctions or experiencing
ongoing political tension, market turmoil or other conditions that could potentially have an adverse impact on the country’s
economy may experience a reduced ability to repay debt, and investments in such issuers may reduce the value of the Fund’s
investments.”
 

6.Under “Sector/Industry Risk”, the
disclosure states that “[t]o the extent the Fund is concentrated in one or more sectors, this may make the Fund particularly
susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory occurrences and changes affecting utilities and companies in these sectors.”
If the Fund expects to invest a significant amount of assets in utilities or any other sectors, please identify these sectors in
the “Principal Investment Strategy” section and disclose the relevant risks of each sector in the “Principal
Risks” section.
RESPONSE: The Trust has
reviewed the disclosure and determined that references to investing a significant amount of assets into “industries”
was incorrect, as the Fund will not invest a significant amount of assets in any particular industries as a principal investment
strategy. Rather, the Fund may invest a significant amount of its assets into different bond market sectors. Accordingly, the Trust
has revised the relevant disclosure in the “Principal Investment Strategy” section as follows (changes are indicated
below):

7 
 
“The Sub-Adviser considers
credit research an integral component of its high yield investment process, which emphasizes issue selection,
bond sector and industry selection and opportunistic trading. In this regard:

·The Sub-Adviser evaluates market conditions in the context of broad
macroeconomic trends and will typically seek to cause the Fund to be overweight invest in those bond
sectors and industries that the Sub-Adviser believes contain provide exposure to well-valued
companies whose business profiles (and credit measures) are expected to improve.”
In addition, the Trust has deleted
the “Sector/Industry Risk” risk factor from the “Principal Risks” section because the Trust does not believe
that “Sector/Industry Risk” is a principal risk of the Fund.
 

7.Under “No Assurance of Active Trading
Market” or in a separate risk factor, please disclose the liquidity risk that, in stressed market conditions, the liquidity
of Fund shares may mirror those of its underlying portfolio holdings, which can be significantly less liquid than other exchange-traded
fund shares.
RESPONSE: The
Trust respectfully acknowledges the comment and notes that the following disclosure is already included in the “Fund Shares
Liquidity Risk” section: “During stressed market conditions, the liquidity of
Fund Shares may mirror the liquidity of the securities in the Fund’s portfolio, which may be significantly less than the
liquidity of other ETFs.” As a result, the Trust believes it is not necessary to include additional disclosure.

8.Inasmuch as high portfolio turnover is a principal
risk of the Fund (as disclosed at the bottom of page 7), please add disclosure in the “Principal Investment Strategy”
section that the Fund’s principal strategy includes active and frequent trading.
RESPONSE: The Trust had
added the following disclosure to the “Principal Investment Strategy” section:
“The Fund’s investment
strategy involves active and frequent trading. While there is no target portfolio turnover rate, the Adviser expects the Fund to
have a higher portfolio turnover rate than other registered investment companies. The Adviser expects that the Fund’s turnover
rate may exceed 100% from time to time.”
 
Investing
in the Fund – Determination of Net Asset Value

9.Please provide an explanation that the price
of Fund shares is based on market price. See Item 11(a)(1) of Form N-1A.
RESPONSE: The
Trust respectfully acknowledges the comment and notes that the following disclosure is already included in the “Purchase
and Sale of Fund Shares” section: “Shares of the Fund will trade on the Exchange at market price rather than NAV.”
As a result, the Trust believes it is not necessary to include additional disclosure.

8 
 
STATEMENT
OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Financial
Statements

10.Please include financial statements in the next
pre-effective amendment to the Registration Statement. See Section 14(a) of 1940 Act.
RESPONSE: The Trust confirms
that financial statements will be filed with the next pre-effective amendment to the Registration Statement. The draft financial
statements are also attached hereto as Exhibit A.
Signature
Page

11.We note that the Registration Statement has
been signed by only one Trustee. Please ensure that all future amendments to the Registration Statement are signed by a majority
of Trustees, as required by Section 6(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 (“Securities Act”).
RESPONSE: The Trust notes
that the Registration Statement was signed by the Trust’s sole Trustee at the time of filing. The Trust has subsequently
added additional Trustees and confirms that all future amendments to the Registration Statement will be signed as required by Section
6(a) of the Securities Act.
General
Procedural Comments

12.Please disclose supplementally the current status
of discussions with NASDAQ regarding the potential listing of the Fund.
RESPONSE: The Trust is
working with NASDAQ to respond to an initial set of comments on the 19b-4 rule change filing with respect to the Fund, and has
submitted an initial listing application to NASDAQ. The Trust expects a revised 19b-4 rule change filing to be filed shortly.

13.The Trust
acknowledges General Procedural Comments #13 – 19 and confirms that the Trust will comply
with all applicable comments and provide any additional information as necessary.
ADDITIONAL
REVISIONS
In addition to the
foregoing and other non-material changes, the Registration Statement has also been revised as follows:

A.As indicated above, the name of the Fund has been changed
to the “Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF”.

B.The risks factors disclosed in the “Principal Risks”
and “Additional Information Regarding Investment Objective, Strategy and Risks” sections of the prospectus have been
reordered and are now presented in alphabetical order.

C.As requested, we note that the expense table and the expense example
have been updated as follows:

9 
 
Annual
Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment):
 


Management Fee
0.55%

Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) Fees
0.00%

Other Expenses1
0.71%

Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses 
1.26%

Management Fee Waivers and Reimbursements2
0.58%

Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Management Fee Waivers and Expense Reimbursements2
0.68%

(1) Expenses
are based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year.
(2)	The Fund’s investment adviser,
Virtus ETF Advisers LLC (the “Adviser”), has entered into an Expense Limitation Agreement to limit the Fund’s
total operating expenses (excluding dividend and interest expenses; taxes; brokerage commissions; extraordinary expenses; acquired
fund fees and expenses; and payments, if any, under a Rule 12b-1 Distribution Plan) so that such expenses do not exceed 0.68% of
the Fund’s average daily net assets through January 31, 2017. While the Adviser or the Fund may discontinue the expense reimbursement
arrangement after the contractual period, the Expense Limitation Agreement may only be terminated during its term with the approval
of the Fund’s Board of Trustees. Pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement, the Adviser may recapture fees waived and
operating expenses reimbursed under these arrangements for a period of three years following the fiscal year in which such reimbursement
occurred; provided that such recapture may not cause the Fund’s total operating expenses to exceed the expense cap in place
at the time of such waiver or reimbursement.
 
Example. This example is intended
to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other funds. This example does not take into
account brokerage commissions that you pay when purchasing or selling Shares of the Fund.
 
The example assumes that you invest $10,000
in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your Shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes
that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund’s operating expenses remain at current levels. Although
your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 


1 Year
3 Years

$71.40
$254.70

 
************************************************************************
 
In submitting this correspondence,
the Trust acknowledges that: (i) the Trust is responsible for the adequacy and accuracy of the disclosure in the filing; (ii) staff
comments or changes to disclosure in response to staff comments in the filing reviewed by the staff do not foreclose the Commission
from taking any action with respect to the filing; and (iii) the Trust may not assert staff comments as a defense in any proceeding
initiated by the Commission or any persona under the federal securities laws of the United States.

10 
 
 
Thank you for your comments.
Please contact me at 336-607-7512 if you have any additional questions or comments.
 


 
Very truly yours,

 
 

 
 

 
/s/ Jeffrey T. Skinner

 
Jeffrey T. Skinner

 

11 
 
Exhibit A
Virtus ETF Trust II
Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF
STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
As of January ___, 2016
 
 



See accompanying Notes to Financial Statement.
 

 
 

A-1
 
 
Virtus ETF Trust II
Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT
 
Note 1: Organization
Virtus ETFis Trust II (the “Trust”)
is a newly organized, diversified, open-end management investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended. The Trust is organized as a Delaware statutory trust pursuant to a Certificate of Trust and an Agreement and Declaration
of Trust, each dated July 14, 2015. Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF (formerly Virtus Newfleet High Yield Income ETF) (the “Fund”)
is a separate investment portfolio of the Trust. The Fund’s investment objective is to provide a high level of current income
and, secondarily, capital appreciation, primarily through investments in fixed income investments.
The Fund has had no operations as of
January ___, 2016 other than matters relating to its organization and registration as an open-end management investment company
under the 1940 Act, and the sale and issuance to Virtus ETF Advisers LLC (the “Adviser”), 4,000 shares of the Fund
at an aggregate purchase price of $100,000.
Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies
Use of Estimates and Indemnifications
The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
In the normal course of business, the
Fund enters into contracts that contain a variety of representations that provide general indemnifications. The Fund’s maximum
exposure under these arrangements is unknown as this would involve as this would involve future claims against the Fund that have
not yet occurred. However, the Fund expects the risk of loss to be remote.
Cash
Cash includes non-interest bearing non-restricted
cash with one financial institution.
Federal Income Taxes
The Fund intends to qualify as a “regulated
investment company” under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. If so qualified, the Fund will not
be subject to federal income tax to the extent the Fund distributes substantially all of its net investment income and capital
gains to shareholders.

A-2
 
Note 3: Investment Management Agreement
The Fund and the Adviser, as of January
4, 2016, entered into an Advisory Agreement, under the terms of which the Adviser will have overall responsibility for the general
management and administration of the Fund. The Fund pays the Adviser as compensation under the Advisory Agreement an annual fee
in the amount of 0.55% of the average daily net assets of the Fund. The Adviser has entered into an Expense Limitation Agreement
to limit the Fund’s total operating expenses (excluding dividend and interest expenses, taxes, brokerage commissions, extraordinary
expenses, acquired fund fees and expenses and payments, if any, under a Rule 12b-1 Distribution Plan) so that such expenses do
not exceed 0.68% of the Fund’s average daily net assets.
The Sub-Adviser is Newfleet Asset Management
(the “Sub-Adviser”). The Fund and the Sub-Adviser, as of January ___, 2016, entered into a Sub-Advisory Agreement,
under the terms of which the Sub-Adviser provides investment advisory services and certain operational services to the Fund. The
Sub-Adviser manages the Fund’s investments, subject to the authority of the Adviser and the Board of Trustees of the Fund.
As full compensation for its services to the Fund, the Sub-Adviser receives monthly compensation at the annual rate of 50% of the
Adviser’s advisory fee. However, the Sub-Adviser has also contractually agreed in the Sub-Advisory Agreement that the Sub-Adviser
will waive its advisory fee or reimburse the Adviser in an amount equal to 50% of the Adviser’s waivers and expenditures
under the Expense Limitation Agreement. The Sub-Adviser is also entitled to receive 50% of the fees recaptured by the Adviser under
the Expense Limitation Agreement.
Note 4: Operational Administrator,
Accounting Services Administrator, Transfer Agent, Custodian and Distributor
Virtus ETF Solutions LLC serves as the
Fund’s operational administrator.
The Bank of New York Mellon directly
and through its subsidiary companies, provides necessary administrative, accounting, tax and financial reporting for the maintenance
and operations of the Trust as the Fund’s accounting services administrator. BNY Mellon also serves as the custodian for
the Fund’s assets, and serves as transfer agent and dividend paying agent for the Fund.
ETF Distributors LLC serves as the distributor
of the Fund.
Note 5: Organization and Offering
Costs
The Adviser, on behalf of the Fund,
has assumed organization costs estimated to be $_______ for the Trust. Offering costs, consisting primarily of legal fees related
to preparing the initial registration statement, are deferred and will be amortized over a 12 month period beginning with the commencement
of operations of the Fund. The offering costs for the Fund are estimated to be $_______.
Note 6: Subsequent Events
Management has evaluated events and
transactions occurring through the date of filing this financial statement. Such evaluations resulted in no adjustments to the
accompanying financial statements.
 


A-3
 
 

R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘CORRESP’ Filing    Date    Other Filings1/31/17Publicly Released on:3/24/16UPLOADFiled on:1/5/161/4/1612/1/159/18/15UPLOAD7/14/15 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000891092-16-011204   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 04:42:49.0 GMT 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Virtus ETF Trust II - Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:42 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Virtus ETF Trust II - Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Virtus ETF Trust II - Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeDavid Leon Albrycht CFANo RelationshipsPortfolio Manager--Francesco   Ossino  No RelationshipsPortfolio Manager--Jonathan R. Stanley CFANo RelationshipsPortfolio Manager --
Virtus ETF Trust II - Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Virtus ETF Trust II - Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  336.3KBonus  974.2KTotal Short Term Compensation  686.2KTotal Value of Options  3.5MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   Virtus ETF Trust II - Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESAquila Services Group plc Appoints Derek Joseph as Chairman, Replacing Jeff ZitronJuly 28, 2017 6:00 AM ETMedallion Financial Corp. Appoints John W. Everets as Independent DirectorJuly 27, 2017 8:15 PM ETKestra Financial Names Mark Schoenbeck as Executive Vice President, National Sales DirectorJuly 27, 2017 6:11 PM ETBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited Announces Change of DirectorsJuly 27, 2017 4:01 PM ETBlackRock Greater Europe Investment Trust plc Announces Board AppointmentsJuly 27, 2017 2:16 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Virtus ETF Trust II - Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Virtus ETF Trust II Dividend Announcement - DividendInvestor.com

































































































MENU










 (570) 567-0434 








































SIGN IN



















DividendInvestor.com


First In Dividend Data Worldwide®


Virtus ETF Trust II Dividend Announcement(NYSE:BLHY)DIVIDEND ANNOUNCEMENT: Virtus ETF Trust II (NYSE: BLHY) today declared a dividend of $0.0841 per shareJune 19, 2017Virtus ETF Trust II (NYSE: BLHY) today declared a dividend of $ 0.0841 per share payable on June 29, 2017 to shareholders of record as of June 22, 2017. Dividend amount recorded is an increase of $ 0.0039 from last dividend Paid.Virtus ETF Trust II (NYSE:BLHY) has paid dividends since 2017, has a current dividend yield of 2.5% and has increased its dividends for 0 successive years.The stock price closed yesterday at $ 25.18 and has a 52 week low/high of $ 23.01 and $ 26.98. For more information on Virtus ETF Trust II click here.Virtus ETF Trust II current dividend information as per the date of this press release is:Dividend Declaration Date: June 19, 2017Dividend Ex Date: June 20, 2017Dividend Record Date: June 22, 2017Dividend Payment Date: June 29, 2017Dividend Amount: $ 0.0841


DividendInvestor.com


DividendInvestor.com is a leading worldwide independent provider of dividend information and data for investment professionals. Our mission is to be the First In Dividend Data Worldwide® by designing and developing essential tools and systems for the investment community with the highest level of accuracy and integrity.
Contact:
info@DividendInvestor.com





 













DIVIDEND TOOLSQuote
Dividend Calendar
Screener
Email Alerts
52 Week High/Low
Dividend Detector
Dividend History
Scorecard
Dividend Calculator

DIVIDEND INVESTMENTDirectory of Dividend Stocks
Dividend Glossary
Featured Articles
Learn More



STOCK SYMBOL LOOK UP


GO

SIGN UP NOW


USER SECTIONUser Profile
Log In


Check out our other sites around the world 












Australia
Canada
Germany

UK
USA

Our Sister Site:Preferred-Stock.com










Fundamental Data provided by DividendInvestor.com. All information is provided without warranty of any kind.
Historical Dividend Data powered by DividendInvestor.com™.
Copyright © 2017 DividendInvestor.com™. All Rights Reserved.













X




Limited-Time Free Report:
Collect a Fat Dividend Check Every Month from the World's Biggest Companies (without having to buy their expensive shares)
Get my top monthly dividend payer... a company boasting a dividend yield of more than 10%, and whose portfolio holdings feature some of the biggest and most successful companies on the planet (Google, Apple, Nike, etc.). Simply enter your email to claim your free report.









































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































Home Page































































Skip to main content.




















Search







Search








 
 


 


Virtus Investment Partners













Virtus Investment Partners Completes Acquisition
We are pleased to announce that Virtus Investment Partners has completed the acquisition of RidgeWorth Investments, a multi-boutique asset management firm.
Learn more 


Myth of Consistency
Winning over time doesn’t mean winning all of the time.
Learn more 
Fund Finder
Search Fund Name, Ticker or Fund Family













Bigger Isn’t Always Better
The Virtus KAR International Small-Cap Fund utilizes a rigorous bottom-up fundamental research approach, seeking to identify the highest-quality small-cap companies around the globe.
Read more









Q2 2017: Cycling Through
The rally continues. In the first half of 2017, global markets extended their long streak of solid gains with limited volatility. Beneath the headline gains, however, market leadership changed periodically.
Read more









Investors are looking for ways to improve their outcomes and secure their futures.
Duff & Phelps Investment Management offers specialty investment strategies that strive to enhance outcomes for clients. Learn more about the firm’s distinguished history of managing domestic and global equity portfolios. 
Read more




About us
Virtus Investment Partners is a premier provider of investment solutions to individuals, financial advisors, and institutions. We aim to offer distinguished strategies and original perspectives to help our clients achieve better outcomes.



Filter Partners by Asset Class

All
Alternative
Asset Allocation
Equity
International / Global
Taxable Fixed Income
Non-Taxable Fixed Income
Target Date



Filter Partners by Product Type

All
Managed Accounts
Closed-End Fund
ETF
Institutional
Mutual Fund
VIT




















































































 
 



 

















