

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Vis Vires Group Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























vis vires group inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Specialty Finance
Sub-Industry: Other Financial Services
Vis Vires Group, Inc. operates as a debt issuing vehicle. The Company serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

111 Great Neck Road
Suite 216
Great Neck, NY 11021
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Vis Vires Group, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:32 PM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of Vis Vires Group, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Vis Vires Group, Inc. is a debt issuing vehicle. The company is based in Great Neck, New York. Vis Vires Group, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Nishiyama Corp.


111 Great Neck RoadSuite 216Great Neck, NY 11021United States










Key Executives for Vis Vires Group, Inc.




Mr. Curt Kramer


      	President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Vis Vires Group, Inc. Key Developments

Players Network Files a Complaint Against Vis Vires Group, KBM Worldwide, Inc. and Asher Enterprises
Nov 9 15
Players Network, Inc. announced that it has filed a lawsuit in the district Court of Clark County, Nevada, against Vis Vires Group Inc., KBM Worldwide Inc., Asher Enterprises Inc., and Seth Kramer and Curt Kramer, individually. The case is currently contested by the defendants in both Federal and State Courts in New York and Nevada. In this case Players Network is suing for an undisclosed amount for injunctive relief, actual damages and punitive damages. The suit was filed on behalf of PNTV by Bloom Donohue Young LLP.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 195 Lumber Company United States 2 J Supply, Inc. United States 21st Century Equipment, LLC United States 31-W Insulation Co., Inc. United States 3D Mechanical/Service Co., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Vis Vires Group, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 







Vis Vires Group, Inc. v. Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc. et al































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










January 29, 2016
Vis Vires Group, Inc. v. Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc. et al



Track this case


Case Number:
2:16-cv-00470
Court:
New York Eastern
Nature of Suit:
Securities/Commodities
Judge:
Arthur D. Spatt







View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



















	DD Support Board and Fraud Research Team: VIS VIRES GROUP, INC. By: _ /s/































































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed



























































Home
                >
                Boards
                >
                Free Zone
                >
                Penny Fundamentals
                >
                DD Support Board and Fraud Research Team




VIS VIRES GROUP, INC. By: _ /s/



Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgReplies (1) | Next 10 | Previous | Next












StockdungU
                 
            





                Followed By
            

                40
            



                Posts
            

                3,715
            



                Boards Moderated
            

                0
            



                Alias Born
            

                01/18/11
            
















Top Company News of the Day

A multibillion-dollar investment offer by SoftBank is further complicating recruitment efforts at Uber that are already bogged down by...

FDA Seeks to Reduce Nicotine in Cigarettes to Nonaddictive Levels--4th Update

Wells Fargo to Refund $80 Million to Auto-Loan Customers for Improper Insurance Practices -- Update

FDA Seeks to Reduce Nicotine in Cigarettes to Nonaddictive Levels -- 5th Update

Big Oil Posts Healthy Profits

Nasdaq Slides, Under Pressure From Amazon

Energy Stocks Up On Exxon, Chevron Earnings - Energy Roundup

ADRs End Mostly Higher

Sprint Proposes Merger with Charter Communications

Top Company News of the Day












StockdungU
                 
            

Monday, 07/06/15 11:37:01 AM




Re: 
None






Post # 

                of
                124017 









VIS VIRES GROUP, INC.  By: _ /s/ Curt Kramer ______________________________    Name: Curt Kramer    Title: President    -----------------------------------------------------------   UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  Washington, D.C. 20549       FORM 8-K       CURRENT REPORT       Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934          Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): June 23, 2014          Blue Water Global Group, Inc.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)          Nevada    (State or other jurisdiction    of incorporation)   333-174557    (Commission    File Number)   45-0611648    (I.R.S. Employer    Identification Number)          Wellsburg Street #7, Cole Bay, St. Maarten, Dutch West Indies    (Address of principal executive offices and zip code)         Tel: (949) 264-1475, Fax: (949) 607-4052    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)         Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.below):      ¨   Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)       ¨   Soliciting material pursuant to Rule I4a-12 under the Exchange Act (17CFR240.14a-12)       ¨   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17CFR 240.14d-2(b))       ¨   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------       Forward Looking Statements      This Form 8-K and other reports filed by the Registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, “ Filings ”) contain or may contain forward looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, our management as well as estimates and assumptions made by our management. When used in the filings the words “anticipate”, “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “future”, “intend”, “plan” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions identify forward looking statements as they relate to our business or our management. Such statements reflect management’s current view of our business with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors (including the risks contained in the section of our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K entitled “Risk Factors”) relating to our industry, operations and results of operations, and other relevant aspects of our business. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned.      Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements contained within this Form 8-K and elsewhere.          Item 1.01   Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement       Convertible Note to Vis Virus Group, Inc.       On June 23, 2015 (“ Closing Date ”), Blue Water Global Group, Inc. (“ Blue Water ”) completed the sale of a Convertible Promissory Note (“ VVG Note ”) in the principal amount $79,000 with an interest rate of 8% per annum pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement between Vis Virus Group, Inc. (“ VVG ”), a New York corporation, and Blue Water (“ VVG Agreement ”). The VVG Note matures on March 18, 2016 (“ Maturity Date ”).       The VVG Note may be prepaid in whole or in part, at any time during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the date which is 180 days following the issue date, beginning at 115% of the outstanding principal and accrued interest increasing by 5% 30 days after the Closing Date, 5% 60 days after the Closing Date, 5% 90 days after the Closing Date and 5% 120 days after the Closing date until the Maturity Date.       At any time after 180 days after the date the VVG Note is issued, the VVG Note is convertible into Blue Water’s common stock, at VVG’s option, at a 42% discount to the market price, which is defined as 58% of the average of the lowest three (3) closing bid prices for the Blue Water’s common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the conversion date. The conversion price is subject to proportional adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and similar corporate events.       VVG has agreed to restrict its ability to convert the VVG Note and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by them in the aggregate and their affiliates after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 9.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The VVG Note is a debt obligation arising other than in the ordinary course of business, which constitutes a direct financial obligation of Blue Water. The VVG Note also provides for penalties and rescission rights if Blue Water does not deliver shares of its common stock upon conversion within the required timeframes.       Blue Water claims an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“ Act ”), for the private placement of these securities pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Act since, among other things, the transaction did not involve a public offering, VVG is an accredited investor, VVG had access to information about Blue Water and its investment, VVG took the securities for investment and not resale, and Blue Water took appropriate measures to restrict the transfer of the securities.           2           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    The foregoing descriptions of the VVG Agreement and the VVG Note are qualified in their entirety by reference to such VVG Agreement and VVG Note, which are filed as Exhibits 10.30 and 4.41, respectively, hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.       Item 2.03   Creation of Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement   of Registrant       The disclosure in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item.      Item 3.02   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities     The disclosure in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item.       Item 9.01   Financial Statements and Exhibits       (d)   Exhibits       4.43   Convertible Promissory Note between Blue Water Global Group, Inc. and Vis Vires Group, Inc. dated June 16, 2015.      10.31   Securities Purchase Agreement between Blue Water Global Group, Inc. and Vis Vires Group, Inc. dated June 16, 2015.          Signatures       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.          BLUE WATER GLOBAL GROUP, INC.          Dated: July 2, 2015    By:   /s/ J. Scott Sitra    J. Scott Sitra    President and Chief Executive Officer        3                  NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.          Principal Amount: $ 53,500.00   Issue Date: June 16, 2015    Purchase Price: $ 53,500.00        CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE       FOR VALUE RECEIVED , BLUE WATER GLOBAL GROUP, INC. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the “Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to the order of VIS VIRES GROUP, INC. , a New York corporation, or registered assigns (the “Holder”) the sum of $53,500.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on March 18, 2016 (the “Maturity Date”), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of eight percent (8%) (the “Interest Rate”) per annum from the date hereof (the “Issue Date”) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22%) per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid (“Default Interest”). Interest shall commence accruing on the date that the Note is fully paid and shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, $ par value per share (the “Common Stock”) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day and, in the case of any interest payment date which is not the date on         --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date. As used in this Note, the term “business day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the “Purchase Agreement”).       This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.       The following terms shall apply to this Note:       ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS       1.1   Conversion Right . The Holder shall have the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in Article III) pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or Article III, each in respect of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) determined as provided herein (a “Conversion”); provided , however , that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso, provided , further , however , that the limitations on conversion may be waived by the Holder upon, at the election of the Holder, not less than 61 days’ prior notice to the Borrower, and the provisions of the conversion limitation shall continue        2        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    to apply until such 61st day (or such later date, as determined by the Holder, as may be specified in such notice of waiver). The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Notice of Conversion”), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the “Conversion Date”). The term “Conversion Amount” means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder’s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder’s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder’s option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof.       1.2   Conversion Price .       (a)   Calculation of Conversion Price . The conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) shall equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein) (subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrower’s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price" shall mean % multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 42%). “Market Price” means the average of the lowest three (3) Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. “Trading Price” means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the “OTC”) as reported by a reliable reporting service (“Reporting Service”) designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the “pink sheets”. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes being converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. “Trading Day” shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.           3        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     (b)   Conversion Price During Major Announcements . Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 1.2(a) to the contrary, in the event the Borrower (i) makes a public announcement that it intends to consolidate or merge with any other corporation (other than a merger in which the Borrower is the surviving or continuing corporation and its capital stock is unchanged) or sell or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or (ii) any person, group or entity (including the Borrower) publicly announces a tender offer to purchase 50% or more of the Borrower’s Common Stock (or any other takeover scheme) (the date of the announcement referred to in clause (i) or (ii) is hereinafter referred to as the “Announcement Date”), then the Conversion Price shall, effective upon the Announcement Date and continuing through the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date (as defined below), be equal to the lower of (x) the Conversion Price which would have been applicable for a Conversion occurring on the Announcement Date and (y) the Conversion Price that would otherwise be in effect. From and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date, the Conversion Price shall be determined as set forth in this Section 1.2(a). For purposes hereof, “Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date” shall mean, with respect to any proposed transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) for which a public announcement as contemplated by this Section 1.2(b) has been made, the date upon which the Borrower (in the case of clause (i) above) or the person, group or entity (in the case of clause (ii) above) consummates or publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the proposed transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) which caused this Section 1.2(b) to become operative.       1.3   Authorized Shares . The Borrower covenants that during the period the conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved eight times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Notes in effect from time to time)(the “Reserved Amount”). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Notes. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.           4        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note.       1.4   Method of Conversion .       (a)   Mechanics of Conversion . Subject to Section 1.1, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower.       (b)   Surrender of Note Upon Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Borrower shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.       (c)   Payment of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder’s account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.       (d)   Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided        5        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the “Deadline”) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement.       (e)   Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock . Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower’s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.       (f)   Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (“FAST”) program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder’s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (“DWAC”) system.       (g)   Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline . Without in any way limiting the Holder’s right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline (other than a failure due to the circumstances described in Section 1.3 above, which failure shall be governed by such Section) the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the        6        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 1.4(g) are justified.       1.5   Concerning the Shares . The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) (“Rule 144”) or (iv) such shares are transferred to an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:       “NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR        7        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.”       The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if (i) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.       1.6   Effect of Certain Events .       (a)   Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. “Person” shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.       (b)   Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the Notes, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had        8        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.       (c)   Adjustment Due to Distribution . If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the Borrower’s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a “Distribution”), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.       (d)   Adjustment Due to Dilutive Issuance . If, at any time when any Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance with this Section 1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock for no consideration or for a consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection therewith) or for consideration per share which is less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of such issuance (or deemed issuance) of such shares of Common Stock (a “Dilutive Issuance”), then immediately upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price will be reduced to the amount of the consideration per share received by the Borrower in such Dilutive Issuance.       The Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or grants any warrants, rights or options (not including employee stock option plans), whether or not immediately exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common        9        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    Stock (“Convertible Securities”) (such warrants, rights and options to purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities are hereinafter referred to as “Options”) and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to such price per share. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the “price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options” is determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Borrower upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the case of Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options, the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all such Options (assuming full conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon the conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options.       Additionally, the Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately convertible (other than where the same are issuable upon the exercise of Options), and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to such price per share. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the “price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange” is determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the issuance or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Borrower upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities. No further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.       (e)   Purchase Rights . If, at any time when any Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the “Purchase Rights”) pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of        10        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.       (f)   Notice of Adjustments . Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in this Section 1.6, the Borrower, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Borrower shall, upon the written request at any time of the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment or readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note.       1.7   Trading Market Limitations . Unless permitted by the applicable rules and regulations of the principal securities market on which the Common Stock is then listed or traded, in no event shall the Borrower issue upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement more than the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that the Borrower can issue pursuant to any rule of the principal United States securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded (the “Maximum Share Amount”), which shall be 4.99% of the total shares outstanding on the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), subject to equitable adjustment from time to time for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, capital reorganizations and similar events relating to the Common Stock occurring after the date hereof. Once the Maximum Share Amount has been issued, if the Borrower fails to eliminate any prohibitions under applicable law or the rules or regulations of any stock exchange, interdealer quotation system or other self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of its securities on the Borrower’s ability to issue shares of Common Stock in excess of the Maximum Share Amount, in lieu of any further right to convert this Note, this will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.3 of the Note.       1.8   Status as Shareholder . Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the shares covered thereby (other than the shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder’s allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder’s rights as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of        11        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required thereby for such Conversion Default and any subsequent Conversion Default and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent conversions determined in accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrower’s failure to convert this Note.          1.9   Prepayment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, at any time during the periods set forth on the table immediately following this paragraph (the “Prepayment Periods”), the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding Note (principal and accrued interest), in full, in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an “Optional Prepayment Notice”) shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be not more than three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the “Optional Prepayment Date”), the Borrower shall make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to Holder, or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower, at least one (1) business day prior to the Optional Prepayment Date. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash (the “Optional Prepayment Amount”) equal to the percentage (“Prepayment Percentage”) as set forth in the table immediately following this paragraph opposite the applicable Prepayment Period, multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof. If the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the Optional Prepayment Amount due to the Holder of the Note within two (2) business days following the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay the Note pursuant to this Section 1.9.        Prepayment Period   Prepayment Percentage    1. The period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on the date which is thirty (30) days following the Issue Date.   115%    2. The period beginning on the date which is thirty-one (31) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is sixty (60) days following the Issue Date   120%    3. The period beginning on the date which is sixty-one (61) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is ninety (90) days following the Issue Date   125%    4. The period beginning on the date that is ninety-one (91) day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred twenty (120) days following the Issue Date   130%    5. The period beginning on the date that is one hundred twenty-one (121) day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred fifty (150) days following the Issue Date   135%    6. The period beginning on the date that is one hundred fifty-one (151) day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date   140%        After the expiration of one hundred eighty (180) following the date of the Note, the Borrower shall have no right of prepayment.       ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS       2.1   Distributions on Capital Stock . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder’s written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders’ rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower’s disinterested directors.       2.2   Restriction on Stock Repurchases . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder’s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares.           13        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     2.3   Borrowings . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, create, incur, assume guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise become liable upon the obligation of any person, firm, partnership, joint venture or corporation, except by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection, or suffer to exist any liability for borrowed money, except (a) borrowings in existence or committed on the date hereof and of which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the date hereof, (b) indebtedness to trade creditors or financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business or (c) borrowings, the proceeds of which shall be used to repay this Note.       2.4   Sale of Assets . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.       2.5   Advances and Loans . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, firm, joint venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the date hereof, (b) made in the ordinary course of business or (c) not in excess of $100,000.       ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT       If any of the following events of default (each, an “Event of Default”) shall occur:       3.1   Failure to Pay Principal or Interest . The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise.       3.2   Conversion and the Shares . The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this        14        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an event of default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower’s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to the Holder within forty eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder.       3.3   Breach of Covenants . The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.       3.4   Breach of Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.       3.5   Receiver or Trustee . The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.       3.6   Judgments . Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more than $50,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.       3.7   Bankruptcy . Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower.        15        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------       3.8   Delisting of Common Stock . The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which specifically includes the Pink Sheets electronic quotation system) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange.       3.9   Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act . The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.       3.10   Liquidation .   Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.       3.11   Cessation of Operations .   Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower’s ability to continue as a “going concern” shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.       3.12   Maintenance of Assets .   The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future).       3.13   Financial Statement Restatement .   The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.       3.14   Reverse Splits .   The Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without twenty (20) days prior written notice to the Holder.       3.15   Replacement of Transfer Agent . In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.           16        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     3.16   Cross-Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder . “Other Agreements” means, collectively, all agreements and instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate of the Holder, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the term “Other Agreements” shall not include the related or companion documents to this Note. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder.    Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in Section 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due at the Maturity Date), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Default Sum (as defined herein). UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT SUM (AS DEFINED HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) TWO (2). Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, other than Section 3.2, exercisable through the delivery of written notice to the Borrower by such Holders (the “Default Notice”), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 150% times the sum of (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the “Mandatory Prepayment Date”) plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the “Default Sum”) or (ii) the “parity value” of the Default Sum to be prepaid, where parity value means (a) the highest number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance with Article I, treating the Trading Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Prepayment Date as the “Conversion Date” for purposes of determining the lowest applicable Conversion Price, unless the Default Event arises as a result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion Date in which case such Conversion Date shall be the Conversion Date), multiplied by (b) the highest Closing Price for the Common Stock during the period beginning on the date of first occurrence of the Event of Default and ending one day prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the “Default Amount”) and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand,        17        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.      If the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder shall have the right at any time, so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized shares, to require the Borrower, upon written notice, to convert the Default Amount into shares of Common Stock of the Borrower pursuant to Section 1.1 hereof.      ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS       4.1   Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.       4.2   Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:       If to the Borrower, to:             Attn: ,        18        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    facsimile:       With a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice):     [enter name of law firm]    Attn: [attorney name]    [enter address line 1]    [enter city, state, zip]    facsimile: [enter fax number]       If to the Holder:    VIS VIRES GROUP, INC.    111 Great Neck Road – Suite 216    Great Neck, NY 11021    Attn: Curt Kramer, President    e-mail: info@visviresgroup.com          With a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice):    Naidich Wurman, LLP    Att: Judah A. Eisner, Esq.    Attn: Bernard S. Feldman, Esq.    facsimile: 516-466-3555          4.3   Amendments . This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term “Note” and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.       4.4   Assignability . This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.       4.5   Cost of Collection . If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.       4.6   Governing Law . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any        19        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the state and county of Nassau. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.       4.7   Certain Amounts . Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal amount (or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock.       4.8   Purchase Agreement . By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.       4.9   Notice of Corporate Events . Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification of any meeting of the Borrower’s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive        20        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9.       4.10   Remedies . The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this .             By: __ /s/ J. Scott Sitra _____________________________    J. SCOTT SITRA    Chief Executive Officer        21        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION       The undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (“Common Stock”) as set forth below, of , a corporation (the “Borrower”) according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of (the “Note”), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.       Box Checked as to applicable instructions:       [ ]   The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system (“DWAC Transfer”).       Name of DTC Prime Broker:    Account Number:       [ ]   The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder’s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:       VIS VIRES GROUP, INC.    111 Great Neck Road – Suite 216    Great Neck, NY 11021    Attention: Certificate Delivery    e-mail: info@visviresgroup.com       Date of Conversion:   _____________    Applicable Conversion Price:   $____________    Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued    Pursuant to Conversion of the Notes:   ______________    Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining    Under the Note after this conversion: ______________       VIS VIRES GROUP, INC.       By:_____________________________    Name:   Curt Kramer    Title:   President    Date:           22        SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT       This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated as of , by and between BLUE WATER GLOBAL GROUP, INC. , a Nevada corporation, with headquarters located at , (the “Company”), and VIS VIRES GROUP, INC. , a New York corporation, with its address at 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 216, Great Neck, NY 11021 (the “Buyer”).       WHEREAS :       A.   The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”);       B.   Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement an 8% convertible note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of $ (together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the “Note”), convertible into shares of common stock, $ par value per share, of the Company (the “Common Stock”), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note.       C.   The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; and       NOW THEREFORE , the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows:       1.   Purchase and Sale of Note.       a.   Purchase of Note . On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below the Buyer’s name on the signature pages hereto.            --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     b.   Form of Payment . On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Note to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the “Purchase Price”) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company’s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note in the principal amount equal to the Purchase Price as is set forth immediately below the Buyer’s name on the signature pages hereto, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price.       c.   Closing Date . Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the “Closing Date”) shall be 12:00 noon, Eastern Standard Time on or about , or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties.       2.   Buyer’s Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that:       a.   Investment Purpose . As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (including, without limitation, such additional shares of Common Stock, if any, as are issuable (i) on account of interest on the Note, (ii) as a result of the events described in Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) of the Note or (iii) in payment of the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount (as defined in Section 2(f) below) pursuant to this Agreement, such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the “Conversion Shares” and, collectively with the Note, the “Securities”) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.       b.   Accredited Investor Status . The Buyer is an “accredited investor” as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an “Accredited Investor”).       c.   Reliance on Exemptions . The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer’s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.              2        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------       d.   Information . The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remain outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remain outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer’s right to rely on the Company’s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. The Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant degree of risk. The Buyer is not aware of any facts that may constitute a breach of any of the Company's representations and warranties made herein.       e.   Governmental Review . The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.       f.   Transfer or Re-sale . The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or re-sale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Buyer, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred to an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (“Rule 144”)) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (“Regulation S”), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Buyer, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state              3        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.       g.   Legends . The Buyer understands that the Note and, until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Conversion Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities):       “NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.”       The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of              4        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.       h.   Authorization; Enforcement . This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms.    i.   Residency . The Buyer is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth immediately below the Buyer’s name on the signature pages hereto.       3.   Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that:       a.   Organization and Qualification . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. Schedule 3(a) sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. “Material Adverse Effect” means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. “Subsidiaries” means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.       b.   Authorization; Enforcement . (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by the Company’s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with              5        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.    c.   Capitalization . As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: (i) authorized shares of Common Stock, $ par value per share, of which shares are issued and outstanding; and (ii) authorized shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which no shares are issued and outstanding; (iii) 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share of which 150,000 shares are issued and outstanding; no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company’s stock option plans, no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to securities (other than the Note and one (1) a prior convertible promissory note(s) in favor of the Buyer:       (a)   a prior convertible promissory note in favor of the Buyer dated May 5, 2015, in the amount of $79,000.00 for which 16,500,000 shares of Common Stock are presently reserved;       exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock and the present reserve of shares should continue to be reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Note as well as the two prior notes reference above. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Note or the Conversion Shares. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (“Certificate of Incorporation”), the Company’s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the “By-laws”), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. The Company shall provide the Buyer with a written update of this representation signed by the Company’s Chief Executive on behalf of the Company as of the Closing Date.              6        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------       d.   Issuance of Shares . The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its respective terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.       e.   Acknowledgment of Dilution . The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect to the Common Stock upon the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note in accordance with this Agreement, the Note is absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.       f.   No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement              7        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and to issue the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. If the Company is listed on the OTCBB, the Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (the “OTCBB”) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the OTCBB in the foreseeable future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.       g.   SEC Documents; Financial Statements . The Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the “SEC Documents”). Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to , and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and              8        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.       h.   Absence of Certain Changes . Since , there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.       i.   Absence of Litigation . There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 3(i) contains a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.       j.   Patents, Copyrights, etc . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and copyrights (“Intellectual Property”) necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company’s knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Company’s knowledge, the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ current and intended products, services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property.       k.   No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company’s officers has or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Company’s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.              9        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------       l.   Tax Status . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company’s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority.       m.   Certain Transactions . Except for arm’s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options disclosed on Schedule 3(c), none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.       n.   Disclosure . All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company’s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act).                 10        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     o.   Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer’ Purchase of Securities . The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of arm’s length purchasers with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer’ purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company’s decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives.       p.   No Integrated Offering . Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company’s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.       q.   No Brokers . The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.       r.   Permits; Compliance . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the “Company Permits”), and there is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since , neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.       s.   Environmental Matters .       (i)   There are, to the Company’s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or present              11        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term “Environmental Laws” means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, “Hazardous Materials”) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.       (ii)   Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ business.       (iii)   There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not in compliance with applicable law.      t.   Title to Property . The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(t) or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.       u.   Insurance . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses              12        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors’ and officers’ liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.       v.   Internal Accounting Controls . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company’s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.       w.   Foreign Corrupt Practices . Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.       x.   Solvency . The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent ( i.e. , its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company did not receive a qualified opinion from its auditors with respect to its most recent fiscal year end and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not anticipate or know of any basis upon which its auditors might issue a qualified opinion in respect of its current fiscal year.       y.   No Investment Company . The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an “investment              13        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    company” required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an “Investment Company”). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.       z.   Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company . If the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of default under Section 3.4 of the Note.       4.   COVENANTS .       a.   Best Efforts . The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement.       b.   Form D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or “blue sky” laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date.       c.   Use of Proceeds . The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes.       d.   Right of First Refusal . Unless it shall have first delivered to the Buyer, at least seventy two (72) hours prior to the closing of such Future Offering (as defined herein), written notice describing the proposed Future Offering (“ROFR Notice”), including the terms and conditions thereof, identity of the proposed purchaser and proposed definitive documentation to be entered into in connection therewith, and providing the Buyer an option during the seventy two (72) hour period following delivery of such notice to purchase the securities being offered in the Future Offering on the same terms as contemplated by such Future Offering (the limitations referred to in this sentence and the preceding sentence are collectively referred to as the “Right of First Refusal”) (and subject to the exceptions described below), the Company will not conduct any equity (or debt with an equity component) financing in an amount less than $100,000 (“Future Offering(s)”) during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending six (6) months following the Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall not consummate any Future Offering with an investor, or an affiliate of such investor (collectively “Prospective Investor”), identified on an ROFR Notice whereby the Buyer exercised its Right of First Refusal for a period of forty (45) days following such exercise; and any subsequent offer by a Prospective Investor is subject to this Section 4(d) and the Right of First Refusal. In the event the terms and conditions of a proposed Future              14        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    Offering are amended in any respect after delivery of the notice to the Buyer concerning the proposed Future Offering, the Company shall deliver a new notice to the Buyer describing the amended terms and conditions of the proposed Future Offering and the Buyer thereafter shall have an option during the seventy two (72) hour period following delivery of such new notice to purchase its pro rata share of the securities being offered on the same terms as contemplated by such proposed Future Offering, as amended. The foregoing sentence shall apply to successive amendments to the terms and conditions of any proposed Future Offering. The Right of First Refusal shall not apply to any transaction involving (i) issuances of securities in a firm commitment underwritten public offering (excluding a continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933 Act) or (ii) issuances of securities as consideration for a merger, consolidation or purchase of assets, or in connection with any strategic partnership or joint venture (the primary purpose of which is not to raise equity capital), or in connection with the disposition or acquisition of a business, product or license by the Company. The Right of First Refusal also shall not apply to the issuance of securities upon exercise or conversion of the Company’s options, warrants or other convertible securities outstanding as of the date hereof or to the grant of additional options or warrants, or the issuance of additional securities, under any Company stock option or restricted stock plan approved by the shareholders of the Company.       e.   Expenses . At the Closing, the Company shall reimburse Buyer for expenses incurred by them in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other agreements to be executed in connection herewith (“Documents”), including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ and consultants’ fees and expenses, transfer agent fees, fees for stock quotation services, fees relating to any amendments or modifications of the Documents or any consents or waivers of provisions in the Documents, fees for the preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and costs of restructuring the transactions contemplated by the Documents. When possible, the Company must pay these fees directly, otherwise the Company must make immediate payment for reimbursement to the Buyer for all fees and expenses immediately upon written notice by the Buyer or the submission of an invoice by the Buyer. The Company’s obligation with respect to this transaction is to reimburse Buyer’ expenses shall be $3,500.       f.   Financial Information . Upon written request the Company agrees to send or make available the following reports to the Buyer until the Buyer transfers, assigns, or sells all of the Securities: (i) within ten (10) days after the filing with the SEC, a copy of its Annual Report on Form 10-K its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K; (ii) within one (1) day after release, copies of all press releases issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and (iii) contemporaneously with the making available or giving to the shareholders of the Company, copies of any notices or other information the Company makes available or gives to such shareholders.       g.   [INTENTIONALLY DELETED]                 15        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     h.   Listing . The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the Conversion Shares upon each national securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance) and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, shall maintain, so long as any other shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all Conversion Shares from time to time issuable upon conversion of the Note. The Company will obtain and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the OTCBB or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the OTCBB and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems.       i.   Corporate Existence . So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company’s obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading on the Pink Sheets, OTCQX, OTCBB, Nasdaq, Nasdaq SmallCap, NYSE or AMEX.       j.   No Integration . The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities.       k.   Breach of Covenants . If the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an event of default under Section 3.4 of the Note.       l.   Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act . So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.                 16        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     m.   Trading Activities . Neither the Buyer nor its affiliates has an open short position in the common stock of the Company and the Buyer agree that it shall not, and that it will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales of or hedging transactions with respect to the common stock of the Company.       5.   Transfer Agent Instructions . The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the Conversion Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion of the Note in accordance with the terms thereof (the “Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions”). In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5, and stop transfer instructions to give effect to Section 2(f) hereof (in the case of the Conversion Shares, prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold), will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer’s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Buyer, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such              17        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.       6.   Conditions to the Company’s Obligation to Sell . The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company’s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:       a.   The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.       b.   The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.       c.   The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.       d.   No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.       7.   Conditions to The Buyer’s Obligation to Purchase . The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer’s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:       a.   The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer.                 18        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     b.   The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note (in such denominations as the Buyer shall request) in accordance with Section 1(b) above.       c.   The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company’s Transfer Agent.       d.   The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect to the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and Board of Directors’ resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.       e.   No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.       f.   No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.       g.   The Conversion Shares shall have been authorized for quotation on the OTCBB and trading in the Common Stock on the OTCBB shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the OTCBB.       h.   The Buyer shall have received an officer’s certificate described in Section 3(c) above, dated as of the Closing Date.       8.   Governing Law; Miscellaneous .       a.   Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of              19        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the state and county of Nassau. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.       b.   Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.       c.   Headings . The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.       d.   Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.       e.   Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in interest of the Buyer.              20        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------       f.   Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:       If to the Company, to:             Attn: ,    facsimile: [enter fax number]       With a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice):    [enter name of law firm]---Attn: [attorney name]    [enter address line 1]    [enter city, state, zip]    facsimile: [enter fax number]       If to the Buyer:    VIS VIRES GROUP, INC.    111 Great Neck Road – Suite 216    Great Neck, NY 11021    Attn: Curt Kramer, President    e-mail: info@visviresgroup.com       With a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice):    Naidich Wurman LLP    Att: Judah A. Eisner, Esq.    Attn: Bernard S. Feldman, Esq.    facsimile: 516-466-3555              21        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------       Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address.       g.   Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 2(f), the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its “affiliates,” as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.       h.   Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.       i.   Survival . The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.       j.   Publicity . The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, OTCBB or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however , that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, OTCBB (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).       k.   Further Assurances . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.                 22        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     l.   No Strict Construction . The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.       m.   Remedies . The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.             By:__ /s/ J. Scott Sitra ______________________________    J. SCOTT SITRA    Chief Executive Officer          VIS VIRES GROUP, INC.       By: _ /s/ Curt Kramer ______________________________    Name: Curt Kramer    Title: President    111 Great Neck Road – Suite 216    Great Neck, NY 11021       AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT:       Aggregate Principal Amount of Note:   $       Aggregate Purchase Price:   $               scott@bluewaterglobalgroup.com    Lawrence.adams@madisonparkadvisors.com      









iHub NewsWire


ONCI INKS DEAL WITH MAJOR FLORIDA AUTO DEALER LAW GROUP(ONCI) Jul 27, 2017 11:16 AM
Signal Bay Enters into Definitive Agreement to Acquire Viridis Analytics MA, LLC(SGBY) Jul 27, 2017 10:34 AM
PURA PPS Potential To Reach $0.09 From Current $0.03(PURA) Jul 27, 2017 8:45 AM
North Road Ventures Advances to the Detailed Review Stage in its ACMPR Application(LIB) Jul 27, 2017 8:39 AM
CHRON Approved to Officially Up-list to the OTCQB Venture Market, Immediately After Going Fully-Reporting(CHRO) Jul 26, 2017 12:04 PM
Start posting your company's news. Only $100 per official company press release!











Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgReplies (1) | Next 10 | Previous | Next








Follow Board






Keyboard Shortcuts


Report TOS Violation





X







                    Current Price
                





                    Change
                





                    Volume
                






                        Detailed Quote - Discussion Board









+/- to Watchlist



















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB9
        

























 






VisVires Capital |   Disclaimer












































 

TwitterLinkedin 

















The website of VisVires Capital is purely informative. Nothing in this website can be, under any circumstance, interpreted or perceived as an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy securities or other instruments.
Any information contained in this website is only aimed at those people authorised by their respective legislation to view it. Any use or transmission of this information by unauthorised people is forbidden.
VisVires Capital declines all responsibility and confers no guarantee for the content of this website and for the use which could be made of it.
Any distribution, be it of a commercial nature or not, by whatever means is forbidden. Any reproduction, copy, duplication, representation, modification, translation, transfer, creation of hypertext links, in whatever form it may be, concerning all or part of the information featuring on this website, is forbidden.



   

 
  Disclaimer  - © Copyright VisVires Capital 
 



















Scroll to top







VisVires Capital |   About Us












































 

TwitterLinkedin 
















Mission
Associated Companies
Team


See Our Team
VisVires Capital’s Principals each have more than 20 years of experience in the financial markets, principally in the structuring and execution of financial transactions for large corporations and other institutional counterparties.
Investment and advisory activities are concentrated in the media sector and in the Emerged Growth Markets. VisVires Capital considers other opportunities on a case by case basis.
VisVires Capital may advise on and support the strategic, financial and operational development of new and existing companies and projects.
Given the vast network of high value added contacts that the Principals have developed over the years in Emerged Growth Markets and Europe, VisVires Capital may also present co-investment opportunities alongside its proprietary investment vehicles to a select number of strategic partners with a long-term investment horizon.



Associated Companies
VisVires Capital Asia Pte. Ltd., established in Singapore, was incorporated in September 2012. Since November 2013, VisVires Capital Asia is registered by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as a RFMC (Registered Fund Management Company). It structures and manages several private investment vehicles which are open for subscription to accredited and institutional investors.
VisVires Capital (France), established in Paris, was created in September 2011 to identify investment opportunities and to advise on financing strategies for its corporate clients.
VisVires Partners Pte. Ltd., established in Singapore, is the proprietary investment vehicle set up by the Principals to maximize the value of its equity capital over a long-term time horizon without using any direct leverage. It is a co-investor in the funds managed by VisVires Capital Asia.


A succesful team with over 200 years of cumulative experience
Ravi ViswanathanRavi is based in Singapore. He focuses on Emerged Growth Markets transactions (acquisitions and exits) and board level decision making for investee companies. He has been working for the last 15 years as an investment banker in Asia and Eastern Europe, mostly with large local businesses and their controlling family holdings. From 2000 to 2011 he was a Joint Group CEO of Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (with Luc Giraud). Ravi has also worked for Banque Indosuez (1987-1990), Mitsubishi Finance (1990-1992), AIG Financial Products (1992-1994), and Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products (1994-2000). He is a French national and holds a Diploma from Ecole Polytechnique Paris.
VisVires CapitalJérôme BietJérôme is based in Singapore. He is in charge of Asian operations and focuses on investment opportunities mainly in India. As Co-Chief Operating Officer (with Francois Robey) of Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (2005-2012), he operationally managed and executed complex financial transactions and developed an extensive experience in Risk Management. Jérôme has also worked for Caisse de Dépôts et Consignations (1987-1998) and IXIS Corporate and Investment Bank (1998-2005). He is a French national and holds an MBA in Finance from Bordeaux University.
VisVires CapitalMauro GabrieleMauro is based in Paris. He is responsible for investment analysis and execution and overall portfolio management of VisVires-sponsored investment companies, with a focus on Luxury, Entertainment Media and Europe. As CEO of Banque AIG from 1997 to 2009 (and Chairman from 2001) he was responsible for the bank’s overall operations in Paris, London and Tokyo. He personally directed several strategic investments and partnerships in the banking, alternative investments, mining and air transport sectors and served on the boards of a private bank and a hedge fund management company. Mauro has worked for JP Morgan (1987-1990) and AIG Financial Products/Banque AIG (1990-2009). He is an Italian national with a BA and MBA from Columbia University in New York. Mauro is also a CFA® charterholder.
VisVires CapitalLuc GiraudLuc is based in Paris. He focuses on Europe and the Luxury sector. He also initiates investment ideas in Emerged Growth Markets and will work on exit strategies for portfolio companies.Since 1994 he specialized in structuring Mergers and Acquisitions transactions using structured finance tools. He completed transactions for several very large European and Emerged Growth Markets corporates and family holding groups. This array of relationships gives him access to European and cross-border transactions. From 2000 to 2011 he was a Joint Group CEO of Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (with Ravi Viswanathan). Luc has also worked for JP Morgan (1988-1991), Credit Suisse Financial Products (1991-1992), AIG Financial Products (1992-1993), and Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products (1994-2000). He is a French national and holds a Diploma from ESCP Business School in Paris.
VisVires CapitalFrançois RobeyFrançois is based in Paris. He focuses on Entertainment Media and Information Technology sectors and Restructurings. As Co-Chief Operating Officer (with Jerome Biet) of Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (2000-2011), he operationally managed and executed complex financial transactions. He also maintained high-level relationships with key clients. François has also worked for Banque Indosuez (1985-1994) and Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products (1994-2000). He is a French national and holds Diplomas from Ecole Centrale (Paris) and HEC (Paris).
VisVires CapitalXavier DaudinXavier is based in France. He is the Chief Financial Officer. For the last 20 years he has been working in Financial Institutions with responsibility for financial, legal, regulatory and HR functions. He managed institutions in France, UK, Ireland, USA and Singapore. He also has a direct experience in managing SMEs and in the agricultural sector.Xavier has worked for Elf Aquitaine (1978-1987), Cogema (1987-1990), Ernst & Young (1990-1991), Altus Finance (1991-1994), Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products (1994-2001) and Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (2001-2009). He is a French national and holds a diploma from Institut d’Etudes Politiques, Paris, and a Law degree from Paris I Sorbonne. Xavier is also a French Chartered Accountant.
VisVires CapitalAmos BenarochAmos is based in Paris. He specializes on the Information Technology and Internet sectors and is also the Risk Manager for the Group. Between 2000 and 2011, Amos covered the French client base of Banque AIG structuring dedicated solutions for banks, insurance companies and asset managers, leveraging his extensive experience in Interest Rate, Equity and Commodity financial derivatives markets in Tokyo, London and Paris. Amos has worked for Crédit Lyonnais (1987-1994) and AIG Financial Products/Banque AIG (1994-2011). He is a French national and holds an Engineering Diploma in Physical Chemistry from Institut National Polytechnique de Grenoble.
VisVires CapitalGuillaume AndriveauGuillaume is based in Paris. He focuses on the Media and Entertainment sectors. Prior to joining VisVires Capital, Guillaume worked for 16 years in equity and equity derivatives. He was Head of Sales Trading for France at Barclays (2010-2013). Prior to that, he was Head of Cash Distribution at Lehman Brothers/Nomura (2004-2010) and Sales Trader for the French and Swiss client base at JP Morgan (2002-2004). He also worked for Enskilda (1998-2002) after starting his career at Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products in 1997. Guillaume is a French national and holds a BA in Business Administration from The American University of Paris.
VisVires Capital
  

 
  Disclaimer  - © Copyright VisVires Capital 
 



















Scroll to top







VisVires Capital | 












































 

TwitterLinkedin 


















VisVires Capital’s Principals each have more than 20 years of experience in the financial markets, principally in the structuring and execution of financial transactions for large corporations and other institutional counterparties.
Investment and advisory activities are concentrated in the media sector and in the Emerged Growth Markets. VisVires Capital considers other opportunities on a case by case basis.
VisVires Capital may advise on and support the strategic, financial and operational development of new and existing companies and projects.
Given the vast network of high value added contacts that the Principals have developed over the years in Emerged Growth Markets and Europe, VisVires Capital may also present co-investment opportunities alongside its proprietary investment vehicles to a select number of strategic partners with a long-term investment horizon.




We aim to live up to our name by combining our three key attributes:

CAPITAL
EXPERIENCE
INTEGRITY


IntegrityWe conduct our affairs with the utmost integrity and only intend to associate ourselves with first-class businesses in a first-class way.
CapitalWe have the ability to mobilize significant amounts of proprietary and third-party investment capital, in addition to our intellectual and human capital. We have a long-term investment horizon, no target divestment period and a close alignment of interests.
ExperienceWe collectively represent several decades of experience in banking, insurance and derivatives, with a complementary skill set and a vast network of high value-added contacts in Europe and the Emerged Growth Markets.


200 yearscumulative experience


8 partners2 Offices
121VisVires Capital Asia Pte. Ltd.
2VisVires Capital (France)

   

 
  Disclaimer  - © Copyright VisVires Capital 
 



















Scroll to top







VisVires Capital |   About Us












































 

TwitterLinkedin 
















Mission
Associated Companies
Team


See Our Team
VisVires Capital’s Principals each have more than 20 years of experience in the financial markets, principally in the structuring and execution of financial transactions for large corporations and other institutional counterparties.
Investment and advisory activities are concentrated in the media sector and in the Emerged Growth Markets. VisVires Capital considers other opportunities on a case by case basis.
VisVires Capital may advise on and support the strategic, financial and operational development of new and existing companies and projects.
Given the vast network of high value added contacts that the Principals have developed over the years in Emerged Growth Markets and Europe, VisVires Capital may also present co-investment opportunities alongside its proprietary investment vehicles to a select number of strategic partners with a long-term investment horizon.



Associated Companies
VisVires Capital Asia Pte. Ltd., established in Singapore, was incorporated in September 2012. Since November 2013, VisVires Capital Asia is registered by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as a RFMC (Registered Fund Management Company). It structures and manages several private investment vehicles which are open for subscription to accredited and institutional investors.
VisVires Capital (France), established in Paris, was created in September 2011 to identify investment opportunities and to advise on financing strategies for its corporate clients.
VisVires Partners Pte. Ltd., established in Singapore, is the proprietary investment vehicle set up by the Principals to maximize the value of its equity capital over a long-term time horizon without using any direct leverage. It is a co-investor in the funds managed by VisVires Capital Asia.


A succesful team with over 200 years of cumulative experience
Ravi ViswanathanRavi is based in Singapore. He focuses on Emerged Growth Markets transactions (acquisitions and exits) and board level decision making for investee companies. He has been working for the last 15 years as an investment banker in Asia and Eastern Europe, mostly with large local businesses and their controlling family holdings. From 2000 to 2011 he was a Joint Group CEO of Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (with Luc Giraud). Ravi has also worked for Banque Indosuez (1987-1990), Mitsubishi Finance (1990-1992), AIG Financial Products (1992-1994), and Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products (1994-2000). He is a French national and holds a Diploma from Ecole Polytechnique Paris.
VisVires CapitalJérôme BietJérôme is based in Singapore. He is in charge of Asian operations and focuses on investment opportunities mainly in India. As Co-Chief Operating Officer (with Francois Robey) of Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (2005-2012), he operationally managed and executed complex financial transactions and developed an extensive experience in Risk Management. Jérôme has also worked for Caisse de Dépôts et Consignations (1987-1998) and IXIS Corporate and Investment Bank (1998-2005). He is a French national and holds an MBA in Finance from Bordeaux University.
VisVires CapitalMauro GabrieleMauro is based in Paris. He is responsible for investment analysis and execution and overall portfolio management of VisVires-sponsored investment companies, with a focus on Luxury, Entertainment Media and Europe. As CEO of Banque AIG from 1997 to 2009 (and Chairman from 2001) he was responsible for the bank’s overall operations in Paris, London and Tokyo. He personally directed several strategic investments and partnerships in the banking, alternative investments, mining and air transport sectors and served on the boards of a private bank and a hedge fund management company. Mauro has worked for JP Morgan (1987-1990) and AIG Financial Products/Banque AIG (1990-2009). He is an Italian national with a BA and MBA from Columbia University in New York. Mauro is also a CFA® charterholder.
VisVires CapitalLuc GiraudLuc is based in Paris. He focuses on Europe and the Luxury sector. He also initiates investment ideas in Emerged Growth Markets and will work on exit strategies for portfolio companies.Since 1994 he specialized in structuring Mergers and Acquisitions transactions using structured finance tools. He completed transactions for several very large European and Emerged Growth Markets corporates and family holding groups. This array of relationships gives him access to European and cross-border transactions. From 2000 to 2011 he was a Joint Group CEO of Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (with Ravi Viswanathan). Luc has also worked for JP Morgan (1988-1991), Credit Suisse Financial Products (1991-1992), AIG Financial Products (1992-1993), and Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products (1994-2000). He is a French national and holds a Diploma from ESCP Business School in Paris.
VisVires CapitalFrançois RobeyFrançois is based in Paris. He focuses on Entertainment Media and Information Technology sectors and Restructurings. As Co-Chief Operating Officer (with Jerome Biet) of Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (2000-2011), he operationally managed and executed complex financial transactions. He also maintained high-level relationships with key clients. François has also worked for Banque Indosuez (1985-1994) and Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products (1994-2000). He is a French national and holds Diplomas from Ecole Centrale (Paris) and HEC (Paris).
VisVires CapitalXavier DaudinXavier is based in France. He is the Chief Financial Officer. For the last 20 years he has been working in Financial Institutions with responsibility for financial, legal, regulatory and HR functions. He managed institutions in France, UK, Ireland, USA and Singapore. He also has a direct experience in managing SMEs and in the agricultural sector.Xavier has worked for Elf Aquitaine (1978-1987), Cogema (1987-1990), Ernst & Young (1990-1991), Altus Finance (1991-1994), Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products (1994-2001) and Nexgen Financial Solutions/Natixis Corporate Solutions (2001-2009). He is a French national and holds a diploma from Institut d’Etudes Politiques, Paris, and a Law degree from Paris I Sorbonne. Xavier is also a French Chartered Accountant.
VisVires CapitalAmos BenarochAmos is based in Paris. He specializes on the Information Technology and Internet sectors and is also the Risk Manager for the Group. Between 2000 and 2011, Amos covered the French client base of Banque AIG structuring dedicated solutions for banks, insurance companies and asset managers, leveraging his extensive experience in Interest Rate, Equity and Commodity financial derivatives markets in Tokyo, London and Paris. Amos has worked for Crédit Lyonnais (1987-1994) and AIG Financial Products/Banque AIG (1994-2011). He is a French national and holds an Engineering Diploma in Physical Chemistry from Institut National Polytechnique de Grenoble.
VisVires CapitalGuillaume AndriveauGuillaume is based in Paris. He focuses on the Media and Entertainment sectors. Prior to joining VisVires Capital, Guillaume worked for 16 years in equity and equity derivatives. He was Head of Sales Trading for France at Barclays (2010-2013). Prior to that, he was Head of Cash Distribution at Lehman Brothers/Nomura (2004-2010) and Sales Trader for the French and Swiss client base at JP Morgan (2002-2004). He also worked for Enskilda (1998-2002) after starting his career at Credit Agricole Lazard Financial Products in 1997. Guillaume is a French national and holds a BA in Business Administration from The American University of Paris.
VisVires Capital
  

 
  Disclaimer  - © Copyright VisVires Capital 
 



















Scroll to top



 


Vis Vires Group, Inc. v. Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc., 16-cv-470 | New York Law Journal






















































































                                	Vis Vires Group, Inc. v. Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc., 16-cv-470









											November 1, 2016

















share




share on linkedin
Facebook
share on twitter
share on google+




Share With Email










Send





Thank you for sharing!
Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided.




reprints















U.S. District Court, Eastern District




16-cv-470




District Judge Arthur Spatt


For Plaintiff: Attorneys for the Plaintiff by: Richard S. Naidich, Esq., Bernard S. Feldman, Esq., Robert P. Johnson, Esq., of Counsel, Naidich Wurman LLP, Great Neck, NY.
For Defendant: Attorneys for the Defendants by: Robert J. Young, Esq., of Counsel, Ellsworth & Young LLP, Brooklyn, NY.




                                      	Bulk of Claims Over Firm's Refusal to Effect Debt-to-Equity Conversion Survive Dismissal















This premium content is reserved for New York Law Journal subscribers.
Continue reading by getting started with a subscription.




Subscribe Now for Unlimited Access


Already a subscriber? Log in now



























	More from the ALM Network

Previous
Next








				
		Uber's 'Greyball' Program Puts New Focus on Legal Dept.
The Recorder







				
		53 Companies Back Transgender Teen in SCOTUS Fight
The National Law Journal







				
		After Yahoo, Are In-House Counsel Jobs at Risk Over Cybersecurity?
Corporate Counsel







				
		Covington Pays to End 3M Conflicts Row
The Am Law Daily







				
		As Law Prof, Gorsuch Banned Laptops, Garnered Respect
The National Law Journal







				
		Behind the $500M Curtain: How Skadden Handed Wilkinson Her First Trial Loss
The Litigation Daily







				
		Davis Polk Partner Says Bio-Rad GC Kept Pushing Flimsy Claims
The Recorder







				
		Exxon Insists Its Free Speech Case Against Attorneys General Be Heard in Texas Court
Texas Lawyer




				
		Beyonce, Tebow for Prez? Invalid Votes Spiked in Florida
Daily Business Review







				
		Three Things to Know About Neil Gorsuch, SCOTUS Front-Runner
The National Law Journal







				
		New Goodwin Procter Partner a Transgender Trailblazer in Big Law
The Am Law Daily







				
		Outside Counsel Complained About Bio-Rad GC, CEO Says
The Recorder







				
		Lawyers Spar Over Rex Tillerson Depo in Climate Change Suit
The Recorder







				
		'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish
Texas Lawyer







				
		Lawyer Gets Green Light to Sue Gawker Over Rape Comments
The National Law Journal







					Law School Classmates Call Priebus a 'Voice of Reason' for Trump White House







				
		Cybersecurity Madness: 3 Things that Really Matter and 3 That Don't
Corporate Counsel







				
		New Florida House Speaker Wants Crackdown on Lobbyists
Daily Business Review







				
		Pence and His Big Law Counsel Wage Their Own Email Secrecy Fight
The Litigation Daily







				
		FDA's Expanded Zika-Testing Guidance Will Test Blood Centers
The National Law Journal












More From New York Law Journal


				
		Do Law Firms Enable Alcoholism?


				
		Lawyer's 'Inadvertent' E-Discovery Failures Led to Wells Fargo Data Breach


				
		Greenberg Traurig Faces Bankruptcy Client's Wrath in Malpractice Fight


				
		Orrick Develops New Role in Bet on Hot Field of Impact Finance






























































