
Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://usa.visa.com/careers.html" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501299169.1d1a1be8



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://usa.visa.com/pay-with-visa/visa-checkout.html" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501299169.1d1a1bee



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://usa.visa.com/support/consumer/card-benefits.html" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501299169.1d1a1bea



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://usa.visa.com/about-visa.html" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501299169.1d1a1bfc



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://usa.visa.com/" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501299169.1d1a1bf1



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://usa.visa.com/contact-us.html" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501299169.1d1a1bf9



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://usa.visa.com/pay-with-visa/visa-offers-and-perks.html" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501299169.1d1a1c33



Companies & Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Search company reviews and ratingsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchUpload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeNEW!Who are the Highest Rated CEOs in 2017?  See the winnersHighest Rated CEOs 2017 See the winnersCompany reviews and ratings. Get the whole story.Search ratings and reviews of over 600,000 companies worldwide. Get the inside scoop and find out what it's really like from people who've actually worked there.Write a ReviewWhat's New at GlassdoorAre You Paid Fairly? See Your Market Worth in SecondsReceive a custom salary estimate based on your title, company, location, and experience.Get Your Estimate20 Companies Hiring Like Crazy in July With positions spanning industries from tech to construction and beyond, there’s something for everyone.Read ArticleGlassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards 2017Glassdoor's annual Employees' Choice Awards honor the Best Places to Work acress North America and parts of Europe.See the 2017 ListRecently TrendingBain & Company ReviewsFacebook ReviewsBoston Consulting Group ReviewsGoogle ReviewsIBM ReviewsMoreEY ReviewsOracle ReviewsUS Air Force ReviewsDeloitte ReviewsNordstrom ReviewsVerizon Wireless ReviewsUS Navy ReviewsKPMG ReviewsJ.P. Morgan ReviewsHewlett-Packard ReviewsPwC ReviewsCisco Systems ReviewsSprint ReviewsAccenture ReviewsBoeing ReviewsDell ReviewsComcast ReviewsBooz Allen Hamilton ReviewsT-Mobile ReviewsMore CompaniesLessPopular CompaniesWorking at TargetWorking at WalmartWorking at MicrosoftWorking at Wells FargoWorking at Bank of AmericaMoreWorking at SearsWorking at Best BuyWorking at AT&TWorking at Macy'sWorking at EnterpriseWorking at The Home DepotWorking at Amazon.comWorking at UPSWorking at Lockheed MartinWorking at Lowe'sWorking at StarbucksWorking at AppleWorking at US ArmyWorking at VerizonWorking at WalgreensWorking at CitiWorking at Kohl'sWorking at CVS HealthWorking at McDonald'sCompanies Near YouLessCompany CultureSmall vs Large CompaniesHow to Find a MentorTop 20 Employee Benefits & PerksWhen is Commuting for a Job Worth It?Plan to Follow When Starting a New JobMoreDo You Know Your Worth?How to Become A ManagerThings to Consider Before Walking Out On Your Job Best Cities For JobsHow to Ask for Flexible Work ScheduleAdvantages Inexperienced Job Seekers BringHow to Handle a Counter OfferNetworking Etiquette for your CareerHow To Negotiate A Job OfferHow to Double Your SalaryHow to Deal with A Bad BossWork-Life Balance at the Best Places to WorkHow to Boost MoraleThe Best and Worst Industries for BenefitsHighest Rated CEOsHow to To Improve Your Work PerformanceEmbed Mentorship Into Your Company CultureThe Pros and Cons of Transparent Corporate CulturesThings To Not Do When Starting a New JobMore Company CultureLessGetting HiredCover Letter Opening LinesHow to Write a ResumeHow to Answer Interview QuestionsHow to Get a JobHow to Negotiate your SalaryMoreHow to Prepare for an interviewHow to Write a Cover LetterResume TipsSkills to Put on your ResumeAnswers for What is your Greatest WeaknessTell Me About Yourself?How to Find your PassionHow to Write a Resume SummaryWhat to Wear to an InterviewSalary Requirements Dont'sPhone Interview Tips Best Interview Answers What to Bring to an InterviewGood Questions to Ask in an InterviewCommon Interview QuestionsHow to Write a Cover LetterQuestion to Ask an Employer at an InterviewHow to Pick the Best People for your Job ReferenceTough Questions and AnswersMore Getting Hired AdviceLess
Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://www.visa.com/regionals/products-services.jsp" on this server.
Reference #18.1df37468.1501299169.485035d



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://www.visa.com/globalgateway/gg_selectcountry.html?" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501299169.1d1a1d76



Visa Inc (V)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Visa Inc (V)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				V on New York Consolidated


				99.15USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.42


					            (-0.42%)
					        






Prev Close

$99.57


Open

$99.12




Day's High

$99.59


Day's Low

$98.51




Volume

6,558,846


Avg. Vol

7,999,743




52-wk High

$101.18


52-wk Low

$75.17












					Full Description



Visa Inc. (Visa), incorporated on May 25, 2007, is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. The Company's transaction processing network facilitates authorization, clearing and settlement of payment transactions and enables to provide its financial institution and merchant clients a range of products, platforms and value-added services. The Company is a retail electronic payment network based on payments volume, number of transactions and number of cards in circulation. The Company operates in party models, which include card issuing financial institutions, acquirers and merchants. The Company's products/services include core products, processing infrastructure, transaction processing services, digital products, merchant products, and risk products and payment security initiatives.Core ProductsThe Company's core products include debit, credit, prepaid and commercial. The debit cards are issued by banks to allow consumers to access funds held in their demand deposit accounts (DDAs). The Company provides the network infrastructure, product support and industry knowledge to help issuers optimize their debit offerings and help consumers and merchants transact for the purchase of goods and services, whether in person or through online or mobile channels. Across all Visa's core products, Visa offers security protections that help prevent, detect and resolve fraud. The Company's credit cards are issued by banks to allow consumers to access credit to pay for goods and services. Visa does not extend credit; however, it provides combination of card benefits and brand support that financial institutions use to support and enable their credit products.The Company also partners with clients on product design, customer segmentation and customer experience design to help financial institutions deliver products and services that match the consumers' needs. The prepaid products draw funds from a designated pool of funds. Prepaid cards can be funded by individuals, corporations or governments. Prepaid cards address many consumer use cases and needs, which include general purpose, payroll, government and healthcare. It offers a portfolio of corporate (travel) cards and purchasing card (P-card) products covering all major segments. The commercial category is not a single product but a portfolio of products designed to control and automation to corporate and government travel and procurement processes ranging from employee travel to fully integrated, invoice-based payables. It supports financial institutions, accounts payable platforms, like Bottomline and MineralTree, and technology companies as they build and expand their business-to-business platforms.Processing InfrastructureVisaNet authorizes, clears and settles transactions processed by Visa, excluding European domestic transactions, which are routed through the European processing platform. VisaNet consists of multiple synchronized processing centers that are linked by a global telecommunications network and engineered for minimal downtime and uninterrupted connectivity. VisaNet is built on a centralized architecture, enabling to analyze each authorization the Company process in real time and provide value-added processing services, such as risk scoring and tokenization.Transaction Processing ServicesThe company's core transaction processing services involve the routing of payment information and related data to facilitate the authorization, clearing and settlement of transactions between the Company's issuers and acquirers. The Company's processing services also address the varied needs of other participants in the evolving payments ecosystem, through such offerings as merchant gateway and Visa debit processing services (DPS) issuer processing. Merchant gateway services, provided through CyberSource, enable merchants to accept, process and reconcile payments, manage fraud and safeguard payment security online and in-store. CyberSource additionally enables acquirers and other partners to offer the services to the merchants. DPS provides issuer processing services for participating issuers of Visa debit, prepaid and automated teller machine (ATM) products. Value-added offerings by DPS to issuer clients include fraud and risk services, data analytics, marketing campaign management, mobile and digital solutions, back office tools and services, card fulfillment and management, network gateway services, call centers and Website hosting solutions. These and other services support the Company's issuers and acquirers and the use of products, and promote the growth and security of the Company's payments network by expanding the payment value chain and increasing network utilization.Digital ProductsThe Company's digital products include Visa Checkout, Visa Direct and Visa Token Service. Its Visa Checkout offers consumers an expedited and secure payment experience for online transactions wherever Visa Checkout is enabled. Visa Checkout helps merchants convert number of consumers to sale, a particularly important issue as digital commerce shifts from desktop devices to mobile devices, which have lower conversion rates. As of September 30, 2016, Visa Checkout had over 15 million consumer accounts in 21 countries, seven languages and over 1,400 financial institution partners. Its Visa Direct is a push payment product platform that facilitates payer-initiated transactions that are sent directly to the Visa account of the recipient. It supports payments use cases like person-to-person (P2P) payments, and disbursements. It also enables push payments in developing economies to electrify payments. It launched a new service called mVisa in Kenya. The Visa Token Service replaces the card account numbers from the transaction with a token. Tokenization helps to protect consumer financial information and lessen the risk of stolen card credentials.Merchant ProductsThe Company has a suite of products and services to help merchants reduce the payment fraud and the customer engagement. Visa Advertising Solutions, Visa Commerce Network and CyberSource's product offerings are Visa's continued investment to deliver industry products and capabilities to merchant partners. Visa Advertising Solutions is a service that allows merchants to target and track the efficacy of their digital campaigns. The Visa Commerce Network (VCN) uses Visa's global payment network to enable merchants to promote relevant offers to acquire new customers, drive loyalty and increase sales. CyberSource offers a suite of products and services for merchants to manage online, mobile and in-store payments. CyberSource gateway services enable global payment acceptance of cards and other digital payment types. CyberSource Decision Manager is a solution for fraud management including a merchant risk model, rules engine, managed services and solutions for specific categories, such as airline fraud. CyberSource additionally offers payment security services, including tokenization and payer authentication, commerce services, such as tax calculation and recurring billing, and merchant reporting and analytics. CyberSource also offers products and services to the needs of small and mid-sized merchants under the authorize net brand.Risk Products & Payment Security InitiativesThe Company continues to develop suite of risk products and services to help clients minimize risk and enable secure commerce. The Company has also extended fraud prediction capabilities to merchants via Visa Transaction Advisor. As of September 30, 2016, the Company also launched Visa Consumer Transaction Controls, which allow account holders to place restrictions on the enrolled cards that define when, where and how those cards can be used to manage account spending and security. Issuers can utilize this solution across their entire card portfolio.The Company competes with MasterCard, American Express, STAR, NYCE, Pulse, Interac, EFTPOS, Automated Clearing House, JCB, Discover/Diners Club, PayPal and Alipay.

» Full Overview of V







					Company Address



Visa Inc
PO Box 8999SAN FRANCISCO   CA   94128-8999
P: +1650.4323200F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Robert Matschullat

450,017




							 Ryan McInerney

7,401,820




							 Alfred Kelly

335,017




							 Vasant Prabhu

8,134,100




							 Ellen Richey

3,978,850




» More Officers & Directors





					Visa Inc News




BRIEF-Visa and Marqeta form global partnership

Jul 26 2017 
Visa beats profit estimates, lifts earnings forecast

Jul 20 2017 
UPDATE 2-Visa beats profit estimates, lifts earnings forecast

Jul 20 2017 
Visa's revenue surges 26 pct

Jul 20 2017 
BRIEF-Visa reports Q3 GAAP earnings per share $0.86

Jul 20 2017 


» More V  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services























Visa Inc. - Wikipedia






















 






Visa Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"VISA" redirects here. For other uses, see Visa (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (December 2016)



Visa Inc.





Visa Inc. headquarters at Metro Center in Foster City




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: V
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1958; 59 years ago (1958) (as BankAmericard)
Fresno, California, United States


Founder
Dee Hock


Headquarters
Foster City,[1] California, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alfred F. Kelly (CEO)


Products
Credit cards, payment systems


Revenue
 US$13.88 billion (2015)[2]



Operating income

 US$9.06 billion (2015)[2]



Net income

 US$6.32 billion (2015)[2]


Total assets
 US$40.23 billion (2015)[2]


Total equity
 US$29.84 billion (2015)[2]



Number of employees

11,300 (2015)[2]


Website
visa.com


Visa Inc. (/ˈviːzə/ or /ˈviːsə/) (also known as Visa, stylized as VISA) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Foster City, California, United States.[3] It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards and debit cards.[4] Visa does not issue cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for consumers; rather, Visa provides financial institutions with Visa-branded payment products that they then use to offer credit, debit, prepaid and cash-access programs to their customers. In 2015, the Nilson Report, a publication that tracks the credit card industry, found that Visa’s global network (known as VisaNet) processed 100 billion transactions with a total volume of US$6.8 trillion.[clarification needed][5]
Visa has operations across all continents worldwide with the exception of Antarctica. Nearly all Visa transactions worldwide are processed through VisaNet at one of two secure facilities: Operations Center East, located somewhere near Ashburn, Virginia; and Operations Center Central, located somewhere near Highlands Ranch, Colorado. Both data centers are heavily secured against natural disasters, crime, and terrorism; can operate independently of each other and from external utilities if necessary; and can handle up to 30,000 simultaneous transactions and up to 100 billion computations every second. Every transaction is checked past 500 variables including 100 fraud-detection parameters—such as the location and spending habits of the customer and the merchant's location - before being accepted.[6][5][7]
Visa is the world's second largest card payment organization (debit and credit cards combined), after being surpassed by China UnionPay in 2015, based on annual value of card payments transacted and number of issued cards.[8] Because UnionPay's size is based primarily on the size of its domestic market, Visa is dominant in the rest of the world outside of China, with 50% market share of global card payments minus China.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Corporate structure
1.2 Billing & finance charge methods
1.3 IPO and restructuring
1.4 Visa Europe


2 Criticism and controversy

2.1 WikiLeaks
2.2 Litigation and regulatory actions

2.2.1 Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators
2.2.2 Debit card swipe fees
2.2.3 U.S. Justice Department actions
2.2.4 Anti-trust issues in Europe
2.2.5 Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation


2.3 High swipe fees in Poland
2.4 Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees


3 Corporate affairs

3.1 Headquarters


4 Operations

4.1 Operating regulations


5 Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)
6 Visa Checkout
7 Trademark and design

7.1 Logo design
7.2 Card design


8 Sponsorships

8.1 Olympics and Paralympics
8.2 Others


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




A 1976 ad promoting the change of name to "Visa". Note the early Visa card shown in the ad, as well as the image of the BankAmericard that it replaced.


In mid-September 1958, Bank of America (BofA) launched its BankAmericard credit card program in Fresno, California, with an initial mass mailing (or "drop", as they came to be called) of 60,000 unsolicited credit cards.[9] The original idea was the brainchild of BofA's in-house product development think tank, the Customer Services Research Group, and its leader, Joseph P. Williams. Williams convinced senior BofA executives in 1956 to let him pursue what became the world's first successful mass mailing of unsolicited credit cards (actual working cards, not mere applications) to a large population.[10]
Williams' pioneering accomplishment was that he brought about the successful implementation of the all-purpose credit card (in the sense that his project was not cancelled outright), not in coming up with the idea.[11] By the mid-1950s, the typical middle-class American already maintained revolving credit accounts with several different merchants, which was clearly inefficient and inconvenient due to the need to carry so many cards and pay so many separate bills each month.[12] The need for a unified financial instrument was already evident to the American financial services industry, but no one could figure out how to do it. There were already charge cards like Diners Club (which had to be paid in full at the end of each billing cycle), and "by the mid-1950s, there had been at least a dozen attempts to create an all-purpose credit card."[12] However, these prior attempts had been carried out by small banks which lacked the resources to make them work.[12] Williams and his team studied these failures carefully and believed they could avoid replicating those banks' mistakes; they also studied existing revolving credit operations at Sears and Mobil Oil to learn why they were successful.[13] Fresno was selected for its population of 250,000 (big enough to make a credit card work, small enough to control initial startup cost), BofA's market share of that population (45%), and relative isolation, to control public relations damage in case the project failed.[14]




Visa logo used from July 1, 1992 to 2000



Visa logo used from August 1998 to 2006



Visa logo used from late 2005 to May 2015



Visa logo used since January 2014



Visa acceptance logo from early 2015 (only in certain Asian, American and European markets)



The 1958 test at first went smoothly, but then BofA panicked when it confirmed rumors that another bank was about to initiate its own drop in San Francisco, BofA's home market.[15] By March 1959, drops began in San Francisco and Sacramento; by June, BofA was dropping cards in Los Angeles; by October, the entire state had been saturated with over 2 million credit cards, and BankAmericard was being accepted by 20,000 merchants.[16] However, the program was riddled with problems, as Williams (who had never worked in a bank's loan department) had been too earnest and trusting in his belief in the basic goodness of the bank's customers, and he resigned in December 1959.[17] 22% of accounts were delinquent, not the 4% expected, and police departments around the state were confronted by numerous incidents of the brand new crime of credit card fraud.[18] Both politicians and journalists joined the general uproar against Bank of America and its newfangled credit card, especially when it was pointed out that the cardholder agreement held customers liable for all charges, even those resulting from fraud.[19] BofA officially lost over $8.8 million on the launch of BankAmericard, but when the full cost of advertising and overhead was included, the bank's actual loss was probably around $20 million.[19]
However, after Williams and some of his closest associates left, BofA management realized that BankAmericard was salvageable.[20] They conducted a "massive effort" to clean up after Williams, imposed proper financial controls, published an open letter to 3 million households across the state apologizing for the credit card fraud and other issues their card raised, and eventually were able to make the new financial instrument work.[21]
The original goal of BofA was to offer the BankAmericard product across California, but in 1966, BofA began to sign licensing agreements with a group of banks outside of California, in response to a new competitor, Master Charge (now MasterCard), which had been created by an alliance of several other California banks to compete against BankAmericard. BofA itself (like all other U.S. banks at the time) could not expand directly into other states due to federal restrictions not repealed until 1994. Over the following 11 years, various banks licensed the card system from Bank of America, thus forming a network of banks backing the BankAmericard system across the United States.[22] The "drops" of unsolicited credit cards continued unabated, thanks to BofA and its licensees and competitors, until they were outlawed in 1970[23], but not before over 100 million credit cards had been distributed into the American population.[24]
During the late 1960s, BofA also licensed the BankAmericard program to banks in several other countries, which began issuing cards with localized brand names. For example:[citation needed]

In Canada, an alliance of banks (including Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Royal Bank of Canada, Banque Canadienne Nationale and Bank of Nova Scotia) issued credit cards under the Chargex name from 1968 to 1977.
In France, it was known as Carte Bleue (Blue Card). The logo still appears on many French-issued Visa cards today.
In Japan, The Sumitomo Bank issued BankAmericards through the Sumitomo Credit Service.
In the UK, the only BankAmericard issuer for some years was Barclaycard. The branding still exists today, but is used not only on Visa cards issued by Barclays, but on its MasterCard and American Express cards as well.[25]
In Spain until 1979 the only issuer was Banco de Bilbao.

In 1968, a manager at the National Bank of Commerce (later Rainier Bancorp), Dee Hock, was asked to supervise that bank's launch of its own licensed version of BankAmericard in the Pacific Northwest market. Although Bank of America had cultivated the public image that BankAmericard's troubled startup issues were now safely in the past, Hock realized that the BankAmericard licensee program itself was in terrible disarray because it had developed and grown very rapidly in an ad hoc fashion. For example, "interchange" transaction issues between banks were becoming a very serious problem, which had not been seen before when Bank of America was the sole issuer of BankAmericards. Hock suggested to other licensees that they form a committee to investigate and analyze the various problems with the licensee program; they promptly made him the chair of that committee.[26]
After lengthy negotiations, the committee led by Hock was able to persuade Bank of America that a bright future lay ahead for BankAmericard — outside of Bank of America. In June 1970, Bank of America gave up control of the BankAmericard program. The various BankAmericard issuer banks took control of the program, creating National BankAmericard Inc. (NBI), an independent Delaware corporation which would be in charge of managing, promoting and developing the BankAmericard system within the United States. In other words, BankAmericard was transformed from a franchising system into a jointly controlled consortium or alliance, like its competitor Master Charge. Hock became NBI's first president and CEO.[27]
However, Bank of America retained the right to directly license BankAmericard to banks outside of the United States, and continued to issue and support such licenses. By 1972, licenses had been granted in 15 countries. The international licensees soon encountered a variety of problems with their licensing programs, and they hired Hock as a consultant to help them restructure their relationship with BofA as he had done for the domestic licensees. As a result, in 1974, the International Bankcard Company (IBANCO), a multinational member corporation, was founded in order to manage the international BankAmericard program.[28]









Sample Barclaycard (left), as issued in the UK in the 1960s/70s. Co-branded cards were also issued by affiliates, such as the Co-operative Bank and Yorkshire Bank. The Chargex logo (right) used in Canada.


In 1976, the directors of IBANCO determined that bringing the various international networks together into a single network with a single name internationally would be in the best interests of the corporation; however, in many countries, there was still great reluctance to issue a card associated with Bank of America, even though the association was entirely nominal in nature. For this reason, in 1976, BankAmericard, Barclaycard, Carte Bleue, Chargex, Sumitomo Card, and all other licensees united under the new name, "Visa", which retained the distinctive blue, white and gold flag. NBI became Visa USA and IBANCO became Visa International.[citation needed]
The term Visa was conceived by the company's founder, Dee Hock. He believed that the word was instantly recognizable in many languages in many countries, and that it also denoted universal acceptance.[citation needed]
In October 2007, Bank of America announced it was resurrecting the BankAmericard brand name as the "BankAmericard Rewards Visa".[29]
Corporate structure[edit]
Prior to October 3, 2007, Visa comprised four non-stock, separately incorporated companies that employed 6,000 people worldwide: Visa International Service Association (Visa) – the worldwide parent entity, Visa U.S.A. Inc., Visa Canada Association, and Visa Europe Ltd. The latter three separately incorporated regions had the status of group members of Visa International Service Association.
The unincorporated regions Visa Latin America (LAC), Visa Asia Pacific and Visa Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) were divisions within Visa.
Billing & finance charge methods[edit]
Initially, signed copies of sales drafts were included in each customer's monthly billing statement for verification purposes—an industry practice known as "country club billing". By the late 1970s, however, billing statements no longer contained these enclosures, but rather a summary statement showing posting date, purchase date, reference number, merchant name, and the dollar amount of each purchase. At the same time, many issuers, particularly Bank of America, were in the process of changing their methods of finance charge calculation. Initially, a "previous balance" method was used—calculation of finance charge on the unpaid balance shown on the prior month's statement. Later, it was decided to use "average daily balance" which resulted in increased revenue for the issuers by calculating the number of days each purchase was included on the prior month's statement. Several years later, "new average daily balance"—in which transactions from previous AND current billing cycles were used in the calculation—was introduced. By the early 1980s, many issuers introduced the concept of the annual fee as yet another revenue enhancer.
IPO and restructuring[edit]
On October 11, 2006, Visa announced that some of its businesses would be merged and become a publicly traded company, Visa Inc.[30][31][32] Under the IPO restructuring, Visa Canada, Visa International, and Visa U.S.A. were merged into the new public company. Visa's Western Europe operation became a separate company, owned by its member banks who will also have a minority stake in Visa Inc.[33] In total, more than 35 investment banks participated in the deal in several capacities, most notably as underwriters.
On October 3, 2007, Visa completed its corporate restructuring with the formation of Visa Inc. The new company was the first step towards Visa's IPO.[34] The second step came on November 9, 2007, when the new Visa Inc. submitted its $10 billion IPO filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).[35] On February 25, 2008, Visa announced it would go ahead with an IPO of half its shares.[36] The IPO took place on March 18, 2008. Visa sold 406 million shares at US$44 per share ($2 above the high end of the expected $37–42 pricing range), raising US$17.9 billion in the largest initial public offering in U.S. history.[37] On March 20, 2008, the IPO underwriters (including JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co., Banc of America Securities LLC, Citi, HSBC, Merrill Lynch & Co., UBS Investment Bank and Wachovia Securities) exercised their overallotment option, purchasing an additional 40.6 million shares, bringing Visa's total IPO share count to 446.6 million, and bringing the total proceeds to US$19.1 billion.[38] Visa now trades under the ticker symbol "V" on the New York Stock Exchange.[39]
Visa Europe[edit]
Visa Europe Ltd. was a membership association and cooperative of over 3,700 European banks and other payment service providers[40] that operated Visa branded products and services within Europe. Visa Europe was an entirely separate company to Visa Inc. having gained independence of Visa International Service Association in October 2007 when Visa Inc. became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange.[41] Visa Inc. announced the plan to acquire Visa Europe on November 5, 2015, creating a single global company.[42] On April 21, 2016 the agreement was amended in response to the feedback of European Commission.[43] The acquisition of Visa Europe was completed on June 21, 2016.[44]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
WikiLeaks[edit]
Visa Europe began suspending payments to WikiLeaks on December 7, 2010.[45] The company said it was awaiting an investigation into 'the nature of its business and whether it contravenes Visa operating rules' – though it did not go into details.[46] In return Datacell, the IT company that enables WikiLeaks to accept credit and debit card donations, announced that it will take legal action against Visa Europe.[47] On December 8, the group Anonymous performed a DDoS attack on visa.com[clarification needed], bringing the site down.[48] Although "the Norway-based financial services company Teller AS, which Visa ordered to look into WikiLeaks and its fundraising body, the Sunshine Press, found no proof of any wrongdoing, Salon reported in January 2011 that Visa Europe "would continue blocking donations to the secret-spilling site until it completes its own investigation".[46]
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay stated that Visa may be "violating WikiLeaks' right to freedom of expression" by withdrawing their services.[49]
In July 2012, the Reykjavík District Court decided that Valitor (the Icelandic partner of Visa and MasterCard) was violating the law when it prevented donations to the site by credit card. It was ruled that the donations be allowed to return to the site within 14 days or they would be fined in the amount of US$6,000 per day.[50]
Litigation and regulatory actions[edit]
Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators[edit]
MasterCard, along with Visa, have been sued in a class action by ATM operators that claims the credit card networks' rules effectively fix ATM access fees.[51] The suit claims that this is a restraint on trade in violation of federal law. The lawsuit was filed by the National ATM Council and independent operators of automated teller machines. More specifically, it is alleged that MasterCard's and Visa's network rules prohibit ATM operators from offering lower prices for transactions over PIN-debit networks that are not affiliated with Visa or MasterCard. The suit says that this price fixing artificially raises the price that consumers pay using ATMs, limits the revenue that ATM-operators earn, and violates the Sherman Act's prohibition against unreasonable restraints of trade. Johnathan Rubin, an attorney for the plaintiffs said, "Visa and MasterCard are the ringleaders, organizers, and enforcers of a conspiracy among U.S. banks to fix the price of ATM access fees in order to keep the competition at bay."[52]
Debit card swipe fees[edit]
Visa settled a 1996 antitrust lawsuit brought by a class of U.S. merchants, including Wal-Mart, for billions of dollars in 2003. Over 4 million class members were represented by the plaintiffs. According to a website associated with the suit,[53] Visa and MasterCard settled the plaintiffs' claims for a total of $3.05 billion. Visa's share of this settlement is reported to have been the larger.
U.S. Justice Department actions[edit]
In October 2010, Visa and MasterCard reached a settlement with the U.S. Justice Department in another antitrust case. The companies agreed to allow merchants displaying their logos to decline certain types of cards (because interchange fees differ), or to offer consumers discounts for using cheaper cards.[54]
In 1998 the Department of Justice sued Visa over rules prohibiting its issuing banks from doing business with American Express and Discover. The Department of Justice won its case at trial in 2001 and the verdict was upheld on appeal. American Express and Discover filed suit as well.[55]
Anti-trust issues in Europe[edit]
In 2002 the European Commission exempted Visa’s multilateral interchange fees from Article 81 of the EC Treaty that prohibits anti-competitive arrangements.[56] However, this exemption expired on December 31, 2007. In the United Kingdom, MasterCard has reduced its interchange fees while it is under investigation by the Office of Fair Trading.
In January 2007, the European Commission issued the results of a two-year inquiry into the retail banking sector. The report focuses on payment cards and interchange fees. Upon publishing the report, Commissioner Neelie Kroes said the "present level of interchange fees in many of the schemes we have examined does not seem justified." The report called for further study of the issue.[57]
On March 26, 2008, the European Commission opened an investigation into Visa's multilateral interchange fees for cross-border transactions within the EEA as well as into the "Honor All Cards" rule (under which merchants are required to accept all valid Visa-branded cards).[58][needs update]
The antitrust authorities of EU Member States other than the United Kingdom are also investigating MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees. For example, on January 4, 2007, the Polish Office of Competition and Consumer Protection fined twenty banks a total of PLN 164 million (about $56 million) for jointly setting MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees.[59][60]
In December 2010, Visa reached a settlement with the European Union in yet another antitrust case, promising to reduce debit card payments to 0.2 percent of a purchase.[61] A senior official from the European Central Bank called for a break-up of the Visa/MasterCard duopoly by creation of a new European debit card for use in the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA).[62] After Visa's blocking of payments to WikiLeaks, members of the European Parliament expressed concern that payments from European citizens to a European corporation could apparently be blocked by the US, and called for a further reduction in the dominance of Visa and MasterCard in the European payment system.[63]
Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation[edit]
Main article: Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation
On November 27, 2012, a federal judge entered an order granting preliminary approval to a proposed settlement to a class-action lawsuit filed in 2005 by merchants and trade associations against Visa, MasterCard, and many credit card issuing banks. The suit was filed due to price fixing and other anti-competitive trade practices employed by MasterCard and Visa. A majority of named-class plaintiffs have objected and vowed to opt out of the settlement. Opponents object to provisions that would bar future lawsuits and even prevent merchants from opting out of significant portions of the proposed settlement. Stephen Neuwirth, a lawyer representing Home Depot, said, “It’s so obvious Visa and MasterCard were prepared to make a large payment because of the scope of the releases being given. It’s all one quid pro quo and merchants like the Home Depot are being denied the chance to opt out of that quid pro quo and say this is a bad deal.”[64]
Plaintiffs allege that Visa, MasterCard, and major credit card issuers engaged in a conspiracy to fix interchange fees, also known as swipe fees, that are charged to merchants for the privilege of accepting payment cards at artificially high levels. In their complaint, the plaintiffs also alleged that the defendants unfairly interfere with merchants from encouraging customers to use less expensive forms of payment such as lower-cost cards, cash, and checks.[64]
The settlement provides for the cash equivalent of a 10 basis-point reduction (0.1 percent) of swipe fees charged to merchants for a period of eight months. This eight-month period would probably begin in the middle of 2013. The total value of the settlement will be about $7.25 billion.[64] According to court filings, Target, Wal-Mart, Home Depot, Neiman Marcus, Saks, and 1,200 other plaintiffs oppose the settlement. A group of large merchants including Kroger, Walgreens, and Safeway have reached a separate agreement with the defendants over swipe fees.[64] The NACS, for example, harshly criticised the settlement and is urging its members to opt out.
Tom Robinson, chairman of NACS and president of Robinson Oil, said, "This proposed settlement allows the card companies to continue to dictate the prices banks charge and the rules that constrain the market including for emerging payment methods, particularly mobile payments. Consumers and merchants ultimately will pay more as a result of this agreement — without any relief in sight."[65] Josh Floum, general counsel for Visa, responded, “Our belief that the agreement will eventually receive final approval was strengthened today. As we have said from the beginning, this settlement is a fair and reasonable compromise for all parties.”[64]
In January 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled that any appeals against the settlement that received preliminary approval in November 2012 would not be heard until objections to the settlement are filed and considered by the trial court in September 2013. The practical effect of this ruling was to allow settlement notices to be sent to eligible merchants.[66]
High swipe fees in Poland[edit]
Very high interchange fee for Visa (1.5–1.6% from every transaction's final price, which also includes VAT) in Poland started discussion about legality and need for government regulations of interchange fees to avoid high costs for business (which also block electronic payment market and acceptability of cards).[67] This situation also led to the birth of new methods of payment, which avoid the need for go-between (middleman) companies like Visa or MasterCard, for example mobile application issued by major banks,[68] and system by big chain of discount shops,[69] or older public transport tickets buying systems.[70]
Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees[edit]
On June 16, 2016 the Wall Street Journal reported that Walmart threatened to stop accepting Visa cards in Canada. Visa objected saying that consumers should not be dragged into a dispute between the companies. [71]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]
As of October 1, 2012, Visa's headquarters are located in Foster City, California.[1] Visa had been headquartered in San Francisco until 1985, when it moved to San Mateo.[72] Around 1993, Visa began consolidating various scattered offices in San Mateo to a location in Foster City.[72] Visa became Foster City's largest employer.
In 2009, Visa moved its corporate headquarters back to San Francisco when it leased the top three floors of the 595 Market Street office building, although most of its employees remained at its Foster City campus.[73] In 2012, Visa decided to consolidate its headquarters in Foster City where 3,100 of its 7,700 global workers are employed.[1] Visa owns four buildings at the intersection of Metro Center Boulevard and Vintage Park Drive.
On December 11, 2012 Visa Inc. confirmed that it will build a global information technology center off of the US 183 Expressway in northwest Austin, Texas.[74]
Operations[edit]
Visa offers through its issuing members the following types of cards:

Debit cards (pay from a checking / savings account)
Credit cards (pay monthly payments with or without interest depending on a customer paying on time.)
Prepaid cards (pay from a cash account that has no checkwriting privileges)

Visa operates the Plus automated teller machine network and the Interlink EFTPOS point-of-sale network, which facilitate the "debit" protocol used with debit cards and prepaid cards. They also provide commercial payment solutions for small businesses, midsize and large corporations, and governments.[75]
Visa teamed with Apple in September 2014, to incorporate a new mobile wallet feature into Apple's new iPhone models, enabling users to more readily use their Visa, and other credit/debit cards.[76]
Operating regulations[edit]
Visa has a set of rules that govern the participation of financial institutions in its payment system. Acquiring banks are responsible for ensuring that their merchants comply with the rules.
Rules address how a cardholder must be identified for security, how transactions may be denied by the bank and how banks may cooperate for fraud prevention, and how to keep that identification and fraud protection standard and non-discriminatory. Other rules govern what creates an enforceable proof of authorization by the cardholder.[77]
The rules prohibit merchants from imposing a minimum or maximum purchase amount in order to accept a Visa card and from charging cardholders a fee for using a Visa card.[77] In ten U.S. states, surcharges for the use of a credit card are forbidden by law (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Kansas, Maine, Massachusetts, New York, Oklahoma and Texas) but a discount for cash is permitted under specific rules.[78] Some countries have banned the no-surcharge rule, most notably the UK[79] and Australia[80] and retailers in those countries may apply surcharges to any credit-card transaction, Visa or otherwise.
Visa permits merchants to ask for photo ID, although the merchant rule book states that this practice is discouraged. As long as the Visa card is signed, a merchant may not deny a transaction because a cardholder refuses to show a photo ID.[77]
The Dodd–Frank Act allows U.S. merchants to set a minimum purchase amount on credit card transactions, not to exceed $10.[81][82]
Recent complications include the addition of exceptions for non-signed purchases by telephone or on the Internet, and an additional security system called "Verified by Visa" for purchases on the Internet.
In September 2014, Visa Inc, launched a new service to replace account information on plastic cards with "token" - a digital account number.[83]
Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)[edit]

In September 2007, Visa introduced Visa payWave, a contactless payment technology feature that allows cardholders to wave their card in front of contactless payment terminals without the need to physically swipe or insert the card into a point-of-sale device.[84] This is similar to the MasterCard PayPass service and the American Express ExpressPay, with both using RFID technology. All three use the same symbol as shown on the right.
In Europe, Visa has introduced the V Pay card, which is a chip-only and PIN-only debit card. [85] In Australia, take up has been the highest in the world, with more than 50% of in store Visa transactions now made via Visa payWave. [86]
Visa Checkout[edit]
In 2013 Visa launched Visa Checkout, an online payment system that removes the need to share card details with retailers. The Visa Checkout service allows users to enter all their personal details and card information, then use a single username and password to make purchases from online retailers. The service works with Visa credit, debit, and prepaid cards. On November 27, 2013 V.me went live in the UK, France, Spain and Poland, with Nationwide Building Society being the first financial institution in Britain to support it,[87] although Nationwide subsequently withdrew this service in 2016.
Trademark and design[edit]
Logo design[edit]
The blue and gold in Visa's logo were chosen to represent the blue sky and gold-colored hills of California, where the Bank of America was founded.
In 2005, Visa changed its logo, removing the horizontal stripes in favor of a simple white background with the name Visa in blue with an orange flick on the 'V'.[88] The orange flick was removed in favor of the logo being a solid blue gradient in 2014. In 2015, the gold and blue stripes were restored as card branding on Visa Debit and Visa Electron, although not as the company's logotype.[89]
Card design[edit]




The hologram


In 1984, most Visa cards around the world began to feature a hologram of a dove on its face, generally under the last four digits of the Visa number. This was implemented as a security feature - true holograms would appear three-dimensional and the image would change as the card was turned. At the same time, the Visa logo, which had previously covered the whole card face, was reduced in size to a strip on the card's right incorporating the hologram. This allowed issuing banks to customize the appearance of the card. Similar changes were implemented with MasterCard cards. Today, cards may be co-branded with various merchants, airlines, etc., and marketed as "reward cards".
On older Visa cards, holding the face of the card under an ultraviolet light will reveal the dove picture, dubbed the Ultra-Sensitive Dove,[90] as an additional security test. (On newer Visa cards, the UV dove is replaced by a small V over the Visa logo.)
Beginning in 2005, the Visa standard was changed to allow for the hologram to be placed on the back of the card, or to be replaced with a holographic magnetic stripe ("HoloMag").[91] The HoloMag card was shown to occasionally cause interference with card readers, so Visa eventually withdrew designs of HoloMag cards and reverted to traditional magnetic strips.[92]
Sponsorships[edit]
Olympics and Paralympics[edit]

Visa has been a worldwide sponsor of the Olympic Games since 1986 and the International Paralympic Committee since 2002. Visa is the only card accepted at all Olympic and Paralympic venues. Its current contract with the International Olympic Committee and International Paralympic Committee as the exclusive services sponsor will continue through 2020 and 2016 respectively.[93] This includes the Singapore 2010 Youth Olympic Games, London 2012 Olympic Games, the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games, the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Olympic Games, the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Winter Games, and the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
Visa extended its partnership with the International Paralympic Committee through 2014, which includes the 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Winter Games, the 2012 London Paralympic Games and 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games. In 2002, Visa became the first global sponsor of the IPC.[94]

Others[edit]

Visa was the jersey sponsor of Argentina's national basketball team at the 2015 FIBA Americas Championship in Mexico City.[95]
Visa is the shirt sponsor for the Argentina national rugby union team, nicknamed the Pumas. Also, Visa sponsors the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana, the most important football club tournaments in South America.
Until 2005, Visa was the exclusive sponsor of the Triple Crown thoroughbred tournament.
Visa sponsored the Rugby World Cup, and the 2007 tournament in France was its last.[96]
In 2007, Visa became sponsor of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. The FIFA partnership provides Visa with global rights to a broad range of FIFA activities - including both the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup and the FIFA Women's World Cup.
Since 1995, Visa has sponsored the U.S. National Football League (NFL) and a number of NFL teams, including the San Francisco 49ers whose practice jerseys display the Visa logo.[97] Visa's sponsorship of the NFL extended through the 2014 season.[98]
Starting from the 2012 season, Visa became a partner of the Caterham F1 Team. Visa is also known for motorsport sponsorship in the past: it sponsored PacWest Racing's IndyCar team in 1995 and 1996, with drivers Danny Sullivan and Mark Blundell respectively.[99]
Visa is currently a jersey sponsor of professional gaming (eSports) team SK Gaming for 2017[100]

See also[edit]





China UnionPay
CIBIL
Damage waiver
Entrust Bankcard





Electronics portal
San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



RuPay
Visa Buxx
Visa Debit
Visa Electron





References[edit]


^ a b c Leuty, Ron (September 13, 2012). "Visa moving headquarters from San Francisco to Foster City". San Francisco Business Times. Retrieved February 27, 2013. [Visa] said Thursday that it is closing its headquarters in San Francisco and moving about 100 employees back to its Foster City campus, effective Oct. 1. [...] The bulk of the company's employees—3,100 of more than 7,700 worldwide... are in Foster City. 
^ a b c d e f "2015 Form 10-K, Visa Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Visa Inc. at a Glance" (PDF). Visa Inc. Retrieved April 25, 2015. 
^ Visa. Retrieved March 26, 2010.
^ a b Fisher, Daniel (2015-05-25). "Visa Moves at the Speed of Money". Forbes. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ "Inside Visa's Data Center | Network Computing". www.networkcomputing.com. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ Swartz, Jon (25 March 2012). "Top secret Visa data center banks on security, even has moat". USA Today. McLean, VA. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b "UnionPay takes top spot from Visa in $22 trillion global cards market - RBR". Finextra. London: Finextra Research Limited. 22 July 2016. 
^ "History of Visa". Retrieved March 19, 2013. 
^ Joseph Nocera, A Piece of the Action: How The Middle Class Joined the Money Class (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1995), 23.
^ Nocera, 23-24.
^ a b c Nocera, 24.
^ Nocera, 24-25.
^ Nocera, 25.
^ Nocera, 29.
^ Nocera, 29-30.
^ Nocera, 30-31.
^ Nocera, 30.
^ a b Nocera, 31.
^ Nocera, 32.
^ Nocera, 30-33.
^ "History of Visa", Visa Latin America & Caribbean. Archived November 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Unsolicited Credit Card Act of 1970 amended the Truth in Lending Act of 1968 to ban the mailing of unsolicited credit cards. It is now codified at 15 U.S.C. § 1642.
^ Nocera, 15.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on August 26, 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Nocera, 89-92.
^ Nocera, 90-93.
^ Batiz-Lazo, Bernardo; del Angel, Gustavo (2016), The Dawn of the Plastic Jungle: The Introduction of the Credit Card in Europe and North America, 1950-1975, Hoover Institution, p. 18 
^ "BofA resurrects Bankamericard brand", San Francisco Business Times.
^ Visa, Inc. Corporate Site.
^ "Visa plans stock market floatation", BBC News - Business, October 12, 2006.
^ Bawden, Tom. "Visa plans to split into two and float units for $13bn.", The Times, October 12, 2006.
^ Bruno, Joel Bel. "Visa Reveals Plan to Restructure for IPO", Associated Press, June 22, 2007.
^ "Visa, Inc. Complete Global Restructuring", Visa, Inc. Press Release, October 3, 2007.
^ "Visa files for $10 billion IPO", Reuters, November 9, 2007.
^ "Visa plans a $19 billion initial public offering". The Economist. February 25, 2008.
^ Benner, Katie. "Visa's $15 billion IPO: Feast or famine?", Fortune via CNNMoney, March 18, 2008.
^ "Visa Inc. Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option", Visa Inc. Press Release, March 20, 2008.[dead link]
^ "Visa IPO Seeks MasterCard Riches", TheStreet.com, February 2, 2008.
^ "Visa Europe members exploring sale to Visa - WSJ". Reuters. March 19, 2013. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "FAQs". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "Press Release - Visa Inc. to Acquire Visa Europe". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Visa Inc. Reaches Preliminary Agreement to Amend Transaction With Visa Europe". Visa Inc. 21 April 2016. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ "Press Release | Visa Corporate | Visa Inc.". pressreleases.visa.com. Retrieved 2016-06-24. 
^ BBC News. Retrieved December 8, 2010.
^ a b No proof WikiLeaks breaking law, inquiry finds, Associated Press (January 26, 2011) Archived January 29, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Wikileaks' IT firm says it will sue Visa and Mastercard". BBC News. December 8, 2010. Retrieved December 8, 2010. 
^ Adams, Richard; Weaver, Matthew (December 8, 2010). "WikiLeaks: the day cyber warfare broke out - as it happened" – via The Guardian. 
^ UNifeed Geneva/Pillay, UN Web site. Retrieved on December 15, 2010.
^ Zetter, Kim (July 12, 2012). "WikiLeaks Wins Icelandic Court Battle Against Visa for Blocking Donations | Threat Level". Wired.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint,U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Home Depot USA Inc." (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "ATM Operators File Antitrust Lawsuit Against Visa and MasterCard" (Press release). PR Newswire. October 12, 2011. 
^ "Visa Check/MasterMoney Antitrust Litigation", Web Site. Archived April 28, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ marketplace.publicradio.org Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mallory Duncan (July 10, 2012). "Credit Card Market Is Unfair, Noncompetitive". Roll Call. 
^ "Commission exempts multilateral interchange fees for cross-border Visa card payments" (Press release). European Commission. July 24, 2002. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Competition: Commission sector inquiry finds major competition barriers in retail banking" (Press release). European Commission. January 31, 2007. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Antitrust: Commission initiates formal proceedings against Visa Europe Limited" (Press release). European Commission. March 26, 2008. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ UOKIK. "UOKiK - Home". www.uokik.gov.pl. 
^ "Sector inquiry in the banking sector". February 8, 2007. 
^ 2010-12-08T17:04:18Z, Aoife White-. "Visa Europe Settles EU Antitrust Case, Reduces Fees" – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ "Forexhound.com - The Forex Trading Portal". www.forexhound.com. 
^ "Trouw.nl". 
^ a b c d e Visa, MasterCard $7.25 Billion Fee Deal Wins Approval. Businessweek. Retrieved on October 30, 2013.
^ Visa, MasterCard in $7.3 billion settlement over credit card fees. NBC News.com (July 13, 2012). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ Swipe Fee Settlement Appeal Delayed Until This Fall - In the Courts - Convenience Store News. Csnews.com (January 31, 2013). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ "Rynek kart czekają zmiany (wersja do druku)" (in Polish). Ekonomia24.pl. Archived from the original on April 16, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "IKO: rewolucyjny system płatności mobilnej od PKO BP - Banki - WP.PL". Banki. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Płatności mobilne w Biedronce - Tech - WP.PL". Tech. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Mobile Payments - Bilet w komórce". Skycash.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Sidel, Robin (June 16, 2016). "Visa Defends Fees in Wal-Mart Canada Dispute" – via www.wsj.com. 
^ a b "Visa finds a passport to the future San Mateo Company bets on 'SMART' cards that will exchange information, not just money." San Jose Mercury News. Monday August 7, 1995. 1F Business. Retrieved on February 2, 2011. "Visa's headquarters remained in San Francisco until 1985, when it relocated to San Mateo. Then, two years ago, it began consolidating scattered sites throughout San Mateo in nearby Foster City with [...]".
^ "Week in review." The Daily Journal. January 3, 2009. Retrieved on February 2, 2011.
^ Ladendorf, Kirk (December 11, 2012). "Visa confirms plans for Austin offices". Austin American-Statesman. Archived from the original on December 15, 2012. Retrieved February 27, 2013. 
^ "Synovus Selects Visa's Plus and Interlink as Primary Debit Network Providers", AllBusiness, April 6, 2004. Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Apple teams with payment networks to turn iPhone into wallet". San Diego News. Net. September 1, 2014. Retrieved September 1, 2014. 
^ a b c "Visa Rules for Merchants", Orion Payment Systems, Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Visa USA Inc". 
^ "Statutory Instrument 1990 No. 2159: The Credit Cards (Price Discrimination) Order 1990.", UK Office of Public Sector Information, October 31, 1990.
^ "Reforms to Payment Card Surcharging.", Reserve Bank of Australia. Archived March 28, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Visa USA | Global | Error - Page Not Found". usa.visa.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Emboldened, Merchants Expected To Push Cheaper Payments|PaymentsSource". paymentssource.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Visa launches new service to secure online payments", Investing.com, Retrieved September 10, 2014.
^ "New Visa payWave Issuers and Merchants Sign Up for Faster, More Convenient Payments". Archived from the original on January 2, 2008. 
^ "V PAY - your European debit card". Archived from the original on May 17, 2007. 
^ "Why do Australians lead the way in contactless payments?". 
^ Sparkes, Matthew (November 27, 2013). "Visa launch V.me digital wallet service". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "Hot Topic: A Brand Evolution.", Visa Corporate Press Release, January 2007.
^ http://www.payu.pl/sites/default/files/pliki graficzne/visa new.zip
^ "Payment Cards Fraud and Merchants". 
^ "HoloMag Introduced.", SEC.GOV Web Site.
^ "American Bank Note Holographics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2005 Financial Results" (PDF) (Press release). Robbinsville, NJ. March 31, 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 27, 2008. On March 14, 2006, Visa informed the Company ... that it is discontinuing the use of the current version of HoloMag based on what Visa describes as an infrequently occurring technical problem at the point of sale 
^ Visa Sponsors Third Paralympic Hall of Fame Induction, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ Visa Worldwide Partners, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ 2015 FIBA Americas Championship - Argentina, FIBA.com, Retrieved March 14, 2016.
^ Visa terminates global Rugby World Cup sponsorship, Brand Republic, April 17, 2008
^ "Newsroom - Visa". corporate.visa.com. 
^ Visa, NFL Give Credit Where Credit is Due, NYSportsJournalism.com, September 22, 2009
^ "caterhamf1.com". 
^ "SK Gaming announces partnership with VISA - Article - TSN". January 6, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Visa Inc..



Official Visa.com website (in most cases, will automatically redirect to a localized version of Visa.com based on the user's location)
Official Visa corporate profile
Visa Europe



Business data for Visa: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Credit, charge and debit cards



Major cards



American Express
Diners Club
MasterCard

Debit MasterCard
Maestro


Visa

Visa Debit
Visa Electron







Regional and
specialty cards



Bancomat
BC Card
BCA Card
Carte Bleue
China UnionPay
Dankort
Discover
EFTPOS
Electronic Payment Services (EPS)
Girocard
Interac
JCB
Mir
MEPS
NETS
RuPay
UATP
V Pay
Verve





Defunct cards



Access
Bankcard
Carte Blanche
Choice
enRoute
Eurocard
Everything
Laser
Rail Travel Card
Revolution Card
Solo
Switch





Accounts



Payment card number
Card enclosure
Credit card balance transfer
Credit limit
Installment credit
Revolving account
Deposit account

Current/checking account
Savings account







Debt



Cash advance
Charge-off
Maxed out





Interest



Grace period
Introductory rate
Universal default





Payment



Card not present transaction
Chargeback
Controlled payment number
Dispute





Interchange fee



Interchange fee
Surcharge





Security



Card security code
Chargeback fraud
Credit card fraud
Credit card hijacking
Enculturation





Technology



Cash machine
Chip and PIN
Contactless payment
Credit card terminal
EMV
Interbank network
Magnetic stripe card
Smart card










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Visa_Inc.&oldid=792818757"					
Categories: Financial services companies of the United KingdomCredit cardsDebit cardsCredit card issuer associationsCredit card terminologyCompanies based in LondonCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1958 establishments in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoCompanies established in 1958Contactless smart cardsFinancial services companies of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFinancial District, San Francisco2008 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2016CS1 Polish-language sources (pl)Wikipedia introduction cleanup from December 2016All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from December 2016All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles with unsourced statements from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from February 2012Wikipedia articles in need of updating from February 2015All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaUse American English from February 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from April 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתКыргызчаLietuviųമലയാളംNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 22:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Visa Inc. - Wikipedia






















 






Visa Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"VISA" redirects here. For other uses, see Visa (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (December 2016)



Visa Inc.





Visa Inc. headquarters at Metro Center in Foster City




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: V
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1958; 59 years ago (1958) (as BankAmericard)
Fresno, California, United States


Founder
Dee Hock


Headquarters
Foster City,[1] California, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alfred F. Kelly (CEO)


Products
Credit cards, payment systems


Revenue
 US$13.88 billion (2015)[2]



Operating income

 US$9.06 billion (2015)[2]



Net income

 US$6.32 billion (2015)[2]


Total assets
 US$40.23 billion (2015)[2]


Total equity
 US$29.84 billion (2015)[2]



Number of employees

11,300 (2015)[2]


Website
visa.com


Visa Inc. (/ˈviːzə/ or /ˈviːsə/) (also known as Visa, stylized as VISA) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Foster City, California, United States.[3] It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards and debit cards.[4] Visa does not issue cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for consumers; rather, Visa provides financial institutions with Visa-branded payment products that they then use to offer credit, debit, prepaid and cash-access programs to their customers. In 2015, the Nilson Report, a publication that tracks the credit card industry, found that Visa’s global network (known as VisaNet) processed 100 billion transactions with a total volume of US$6.8 trillion.[clarification needed][5]
Visa has operations across all continents worldwide with the exception of Antarctica. Nearly all Visa transactions worldwide are processed through VisaNet at one of two secure facilities: Operations Center East, located somewhere near Ashburn, Virginia; and Operations Center Central, located somewhere near Highlands Ranch, Colorado. Both data centers are heavily secured against natural disasters, crime, and terrorism; can operate independently of each other and from external utilities if necessary; and can handle up to 30,000 simultaneous transactions and up to 100 billion computations every second. Every transaction is checked past 500 variables including 100 fraud-detection parameters—such as the location and spending habits of the customer and the merchant's location - before being accepted.[6][5][7]
Visa is the world's second largest card payment organization (debit and credit cards combined), after being surpassed by China UnionPay in 2015, based on annual value of card payments transacted and number of issued cards.[8] Because UnionPay's size is based primarily on the size of its domestic market, Visa is dominant in the rest of the world outside of China, with 50% market share of global card payments minus China.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Corporate structure
1.2 Billing & finance charge methods
1.3 IPO and restructuring
1.4 Visa Europe


2 Criticism and controversy

2.1 WikiLeaks
2.2 Litigation and regulatory actions

2.2.1 Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators
2.2.2 Debit card swipe fees
2.2.3 U.S. Justice Department actions
2.2.4 Anti-trust issues in Europe
2.2.5 Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation


2.3 High swipe fees in Poland
2.4 Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees


3 Corporate affairs

3.1 Headquarters


4 Operations

4.1 Operating regulations


5 Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)
6 Visa Checkout
7 Trademark and design

7.1 Logo design
7.2 Card design


8 Sponsorships

8.1 Olympics and Paralympics
8.2 Others


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




A 1976 ad promoting the change of name to "Visa". Note the early Visa card shown in the ad, as well as the image of the BankAmericard that it replaced.


In mid-September 1958, Bank of America (BofA) launched its BankAmericard credit card program in Fresno, California, with an initial mass mailing (or "drop", as they came to be called) of 60,000 unsolicited credit cards.[9] The original idea was the brainchild of BofA's in-house product development think tank, the Customer Services Research Group, and its leader, Joseph P. Williams. Williams convinced senior BofA executives in 1956 to let him pursue what became the world's first successful mass mailing of unsolicited credit cards (actual working cards, not mere applications) to a large population.[10]
Williams' pioneering accomplishment was that he brought about the successful implementation of the all-purpose credit card (in the sense that his project was not cancelled outright), not in coming up with the idea.[11] By the mid-1950s, the typical middle-class American already maintained revolving credit accounts with several different merchants, which was clearly inefficient and inconvenient due to the need to carry so many cards and pay so many separate bills each month.[12] The need for a unified financial instrument was already evident to the American financial services industry, but no one could figure out how to do it. There were already charge cards like Diners Club (which had to be paid in full at the end of each billing cycle), and "by the mid-1950s, there had been at least a dozen attempts to create an all-purpose credit card."[12] However, these prior attempts had been carried out by small banks which lacked the resources to make them work.[12] Williams and his team studied these failures carefully and believed they could avoid replicating those banks' mistakes; they also studied existing revolving credit operations at Sears and Mobil Oil to learn why they were successful.[13] Fresno was selected for its population of 250,000 (big enough to make a credit card work, small enough to control initial startup cost), BofA's market share of that population (45%), and relative isolation, to control public relations damage in case the project failed.[14]




Visa logo used from July 1, 1992 to 2000



Visa logo used from August 1998 to 2006



Visa logo used from late 2005 to May 2015



Visa logo used since January 2014



Visa acceptance logo from early 2015 (only in certain Asian, American and European markets)



The 1958 test at first went smoothly, but then BofA panicked when it confirmed rumors that another bank was about to initiate its own drop in San Francisco, BofA's home market.[15] By March 1959, drops began in San Francisco and Sacramento; by June, BofA was dropping cards in Los Angeles; by October, the entire state had been saturated with over 2 million credit cards, and BankAmericard was being accepted by 20,000 merchants.[16] However, the program was riddled with problems, as Williams (who had never worked in a bank's loan department) had been too earnest and trusting in his belief in the basic goodness of the bank's customers, and he resigned in December 1959.[17] 22% of accounts were delinquent, not the 4% expected, and police departments around the state were confronted by numerous incidents of the brand new crime of credit card fraud.[18] Both politicians and journalists joined the general uproar against Bank of America and its newfangled credit card, especially when it was pointed out that the cardholder agreement held customers liable for all charges, even those resulting from fraud.[19] BofA officially lost over $8.8 million on the launch of BankAmericard, but when the full cost of advertising and overhead was included, the bank's actual loss was probably around $20 million.[19]
However, after Williams and some of his closest associates left, BofA management realized that BankAmericard was salvageable.[20] They conducted a "massive effort" to clean up after Williams, imposed proper financial controls, published an open letter to 3 million households across the state apologizing for the credit card fraud and other issues their card raised, and eventually were able to make the new financial instrument work.[21]
The original goal of BofA was to offer the BankAmericard product across California, but in 1966, BofA began to sign licensing agreements with a group of banks outside of California, in response to a new competitor, Master Charge (now MasterCard), which had been created by an alliance of several other California banks to compete against BankAmericard. BofA itself (like all other U.S. banks at the time) could not expand directly into other states due to federal restrictions not repealed until 1994. Over the following 11 years, various banks licensed the card system from Bank of America, thus forming a network of banks backing the BankAmericard system across the United States.[22] The "drops" of unsolicited credit cards continued unabated, thanks to BofA and its licensees and competitors, until they were outlawed in 1970[23], but not before over 100 million credit cards had been distributed into the American population.[24]
During the late 1960s, BofA also licensed the BankAmericard program to banks in several other countries, which began issuing cards with localized brand names. For example:[citation needed]

In Canada, an alliance of banks (including Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Royal Bank of Canada, Banque Canadienne Nationale and Bank of Nova Scotia) issued credit cards under the Chargex name from 1968 to 1977.
In France, it was known as Carte Bleue (Blue Card). The logo still appears on many French-issued Visa cards today.
In Japan, The Sumitomo Bank issued BankAmericards through the Sumitomo Credit Service.
In the UK, the only BankAmericard issuer for some years was Barclaycard. The branding still exists today, but is used not only on Visa cards issued by Barclays, but on its MasterCard and American Express cards as well.[25]
In Spain until 1979 the only issuer was Banco de Bilbao.

In 1968, a manager at the National Bank of Commerce (later Rainier Bancorp), Dee Hock, was asked to supervise that bank's launch of its own licensed version of BankAmericard in the Pacific Northwest market. Although Bank of America had cultivated the public image that BankAmericard's troubled startup issues were now safely in the past, Hock realized that the BankAmericard licensee program itself was in terrible disarray because it had developed and grown very rapidly in an ad hoc fashion. For example, "interchange" transaction issues between banks were becoming a very serious problem, which had not been seen before when Bank of America was the sole issuer of BankAmericards. Hock suggested to other licensees that they form a committee to investigate and analyze the various problems with the licensee program; they promptly made him the chair of that committee.[26]
After lengthy negotiations, the committee led by Hock was able to persuade Bank of America that a bright future lay ahead for BankAmericard — outside of Bank of America. In June 1970, Bank of America gave up control of the BankAmericard program. The various BankAmericard issuer banks took control of the program, creating National BankAmericard Inc. (NBI), an independent Delaware corporation which would be in charge of managing, promoting and developing the BankAmericard system within the United States. In other words, BankAmericard was transformed from a franchising system into a jointly controlled consortium or alliance, like its competitor Master Charge. Hock became NBI's first president and CEO.[27]
However, Bank of America retained the right to directly license BankAmericard to banks outside of the United States, and continued to issue and support such licenses. By 1972, licenses had been granted in 15 countries. The international licensees soon encountered a variety of problems with their licensing programs, and they hired Hock as a consultant to help them restructure their relationship with BofA as he had done for the domestic licensees. As a result, in 1974, the International Bankcard Company (IBANCO), a multinational member corporation, was founded in order to manage the international BankAmericard program.[28]









Sample Barclaycard (left), as issued in the UK in the 1960s/70s. Co-branded cards were also issued by affiliates, such as the Co-operative Bank and Yorkshire Bank. The Chargex logo (right) used in Canada.


In 1976, the directors of IBANCO determined that bringing the various international networks together into a single network with a single name internationally would be in the best interests of the corporation; however, in many countries, there was still great reluctance to issue a card associated with Bank of America, even though the association was entirely nominal in nature. For this reason, in 1976, BankAmericard, Barclaycard, Carte Bleue, Chargex, Sumitomo Card, and all other licensees united under the new name, "Visa", which retained the distinctive blue, white and gold flag. NBI became Visa USA and IBANCO became Visa International.[citation needed]
The term Visa was conceived by the company's founder, Dee Hock. He believed that the word was instantly recognizable in many languages in many countries, and that it also denoted universal acceptance.[citation needed]
In October 2007, Bank of America announced it was resurrecting the BankAmericard brand name as the "BankAmericard Rewards Visa".[29]
Corporate structure[edit]
Prior to October 3, 2007, Visa comprised four non-stock, separately incorporated companies that employed 6,000 people worldwide: Visa International Service Association (Visa) – the worldwide parent entity, Visa U.S.A. Inc., Visa Canada Association, and Visa Europe Ltd. The latter three separately incorporated regions had the status of group members of Visa International Service Association.
The unincorporated regions Visa Latin America (LAC), Visa Asia Pacific and Visa Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) were divisions within Visa.
Billing & finance charge methods[edit]
Initially, signed copies of sales drafts were included in each customer's monthly billing statement for verification purposes—an industry practice known as "country club billing". By the late 1970s, however, billing statements no longer contained these enclosures, but rather a summary statement showing posting date, purchase date, reference number, merchant name, and the dollar amount of each purchase. At the same time, many issuers, particularly Bank of America, were in the process of changing their methods of finance charge calculation. Initially, a "previous balance" method was used—calculation of finance charge on the unpaid balance shown on the prior month's statement. Later, it was decided to use "average daily balance" which resulted in increased revenue for the issuers by calculating the number of days each purchase was included on the prior month's statement. Several years later, "new average daily balance"—in which transactions from previous AND current billing cycles were used in the calculation—was introduced. By the early 1980s, many issuers introduced the concept of the annual fee as yet another revenue enhancer.
IPO and restructuring[edit]
On October 11, 2006, Visa announced that some of its businesses would be merged and become a publicly traded company, Visa Inc.[30][31][32] Under the IPO restructuring, Visa Canada, Visa International, and Visa U.S.A. were merged into the new public company. Visa's Western Europe operation became a separate company, owned by its member banks who will also have a minority stake in Visa Inc.[33] In total, more than 35 investment banks participated in the deal in several capacities, most notably as underwriters.
On October 3, 2007, Visa completed its corporate restructuring with the formation of Visa Inc. The new company was the first step towards Visa's IPO.[34] The second step came on November 9, 2007, when the new Visa Inc. submitted its $10 billion IPO filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).[35] On February 25, 2008, Visa announced it would go ahead with an IPO of half its shares.[36] The IPO took place on March 18, 2008. Visa sold 406 million shares at US$44 per share ($2 above the high end of the expected $37–42 pricing range), raising US$17.9 billion in the largest initial public offering in U.S. history.[37] On March 20, 2008, the IPO underwriters (including JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co., Banc of America Securities LLC, Citi, HSBC, Merrill Lynch & Co., UBS Investment Bank and Wachovia Securities) exercised their overallotment option, purchasing an additional 40.6 million shares, bringing Visa's total IPO share count to 446.6 million, and bringing the total proceeds to US$19.1 billion.[38] Visa now trades under the ticker symbol "V" on the New York Stock Exchange.[39]
Visa Europe[edit]
Visa Europe Ltd. was a membership association and cooperative of over 3,700 European banks and other payment service providers[40] that operated Visa branded products and services within Europe. Visa Europe was an entirely separate company to Visa Inc. having gained independence of Visa International Service Association in October 2007 when Visa Inc. became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange.[41] Visa Inc. announced the plan to acquire Visa Europe on November 5, 2015, creating a single global company.[42] On April 21, 2016 the agreement was amended in response to the feedback of European Commission.[43] The acquisition of Visa Europe was completed on June 21, 2016.[44]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
WikiLeaks[edit]
Visa Europe began suspending payments to WikiLeaks on December 7, 2010.[45] The company said it was awaiting an investigation into 'the nature of its business and whether it contravenes Visa operating rules' – though it did not go into details.[46] In return Datacell, the IT company that enables WikiLeaks to accept credit and debit card donations, announced that it will take legal action against Visa Europe.[47] On December 8, the group Anonymous performed a DDoS attack on visa.com[clarification needed], bringing the site down.[48] Although "the Norway-based financial services company Teller AS, which Visa ordered to look into WikiLeaks and its fundraising body, the Sunshine Press, found no proof of any wrongdoing, Salon reported in January 2011 that Visa Europe "would continue blocking donations to the secret-spilling site until it completes its own investigation".[46]
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay stated that Visa may be "violating WikiLeaks' right to freedom of expression" by withdrawing their services.[49]
In July 2012, the Reykjavík District Court decided that Valitor (the Icelandic partner of Visa and MasterCard) was violating the law when it prevented donations to the site by credit card. It was ruled that the donations be allowed to return to the site within 14 days or they would be fined in the amount of US$6,000 per day.[50]
Litigation and regulatory actions[edit]
Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators[edit]
MasterCard, along with Visa, have been sued in a class action by ATM operators that claims the credit card networks' rules effectively fix ATM access fees.[51] The suit claims that this is a restraint on trade in violation of federal law. The lawsuit was filed by the National ATM Council and independent operators of automated teller machines. More specifically, it is alleged that MasterCard's and Visa's network rules prohibit ATM operators from offering lower prices for transactions over PIN-debit networks that are not affiliated with Visa or MasterCard. The suit says that this price fixing artificially raises the price that consumers pay using ATMs, limits the revenue that ATM-operators earn, and violates the Sherman Act's prohibition against unreasonable restraints of trade. Johnathan Rubin, an attorney for the plaintiffs said, "Visa and MasterCard are the ringleaders, organizers, and enforcers of a conspiracy among U.S. banks to fix the price of ATM access fees in order to keep the competition at bay."[52]
Debit card swipe fees[edit]
Visa settled a 1996 antitrust lawsuit brought by a class of U.S. merchants, including Wal-Mart, for billions of dollars in 2003. Over 4 million class members were represented by the plaintiffs. According to a website associated with the suit,[53] Visa and MasterCard settled the plaintiffs' claims for a total of $3.05 billion. Visa's share of this settlement is reported to have been the larger.
U.S. Justice Department actions[edit]
In October 2010, Visa and MasterCard reached a settlement with the U.S. Justice Department in another antitrust case. The companies agreed to allow merchants displaying their logos to decline certain types of cards (because interchange fees differ), or to offer consumers discounts for using cheaper cards.[54]
In 1998 the Department of Justice sued Visa over rules prohibiting its issuing banks from doing business with American Express and Discover. The Department of Justice won its case at trial in 2001 and the verdict was upheld on appeal. American Express and Discover filed suit as well.[55]
Anti-trust issues in Europe[edit]
In 2002 the European Commission exempted Visa’s multilateral interchange fees from Article 81 of the EC Treaty that prohibits anti-competitive arrangements.[56] However, this exemption expired on December 31, 2007. In the United Kingdom, MasterCard has reduced its interchange fees while it is under investigation by the Office of Fair Trading.
In January 2007, the European Commission issued the results of a two-year inquiry into the retail banking sector. The report focuses on payment cards and interchange fees. Upon publishing the report, Commissioner Neelie Kroes said the "present level of interchange fees in many of the schemes we have examined does not seem justified." The report called for further study of the issue.[57]
On March 26, 2008, the European Commission opened an investigation into Visa's multilateral interchange fees for cross-border transactions within the EEA as well as into the "Honor All Cards" rule (under which merchants are required to accept all valid Visa-branded cards).[58][needs update]
The antitrust authorities of EU Member States other than the United Kingdom are also investigating MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees. For example, on January 4, 2007, the Polish Office of Competition and Consumer Protection fined twenty banks a total of PLN 164 million (about $56 million) for jointly setting MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees.[59][60]
In December 2010, Visa reached a settlement with the European Union in yet another antitrust case, promising to reduce debit card payments to 0.2 percent of a purchase.[61] A senior official from the European Central Bank called for a break-up of the Visa/MasterCard duopoly by creation of a new European debit card for use in the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA).[62] After Visa's blocking of payments to WikiLeaks, members of the European Parliament expressed concern that payments from European citizens to a European corporation could apparently be blocked by the US, and called for a further reduction in the dominance of Visa and MasterCard in the European payment system.[63]
Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation[edit]
Main article: Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation
On November 27, 2012, a federal judge entered an order granting preliminary approval to a proposed settlement to a class-action lawsuit filed in 2005 by merchants and trade associations against Visa, MasterCard, and many credit card issuing banks. The suit was filed due to price fixing and other anti-competitive trade practices employed by MasterCard and Visa. A majority of named-class plaintiffs have objected and vowed to opt out of the settlement. Opponents object to provisions that would bar future lawsuits and even prevent merchants from opting out of significant portions of the proposed settlement. Stephen Neuwirth, a lawyer representing Home Depot, said, “It’s so obvious Visa and MasterCard were prepared to make a large payment because of the scope of the releases being given. It’s all one quid pro quo and merchants like the Home Depot are being denied the chance to opt out of that quid pro quo and say this is a bad deal.”[64]
Plaintiffs allege that Visa, MasterCard, and major credit card issuers engaged in a conspiracy to fix interchange fees, also known as swipe fees, that are charged to merchants for the privilege of accepting payment cards at artificially high levels. In their complaint, the plaintiffs also alleged that the defendants unfairly interfere with merchants from encouraging customers to use less expensive forms of payment such as lower-cost cards, cash, and checks.[64]
The settlement provides for the cash equivalent of a 10 basis-point reduction (0.1 percent) of swipe fees charged to merchants for a period of eight months. This eight-month period would probably begin in the middle of 2013. The total value of the settlement will be about $7.25 billion.[64] According to court filings, Target, Wal-Mart, Home Depot, Neiman Marcus, Saks, and 1,200 other plaintiffs oppose the settlement. A group of large merchants including Kroger, Walgreens, and Safeway have reached a separate agreement with the defendants over swipe fees.[64] The NACS, for example, harshly criticised the settlement and is urging its members to opt out.
Tom Robinson, chairman of NACS and president of Robinson Oil, said, "This proposed settlement allows the card companies to continue to dictate the prices banks charge and the rules that constrain the market including for emerging payment methods, particularly mobile payments. Consumers and merchants ultimately will pay more as a result of this agreement — without any relief in sight."[65] Josh Floum, general counsel for Visa, responded, “Our belief that the agreement will eventually receive final approval was strengthened today. As we have said from the beginning, this settlement is a fair and reasonable compromise for all parties.”[64]
In January 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled that any appeals against the settlement that received preliminary approval in November 2012 would not be heard until objections to the settlement are filed and considered by the trial court in September 2013. The practical effect of this ruling was to allow settlement notices to be sent to eligible merchants.[66]
High swipe fees in Poland[edit]
Very high interchange fee for Visa (1.5–1.6% from every transaction's final price, which also includes VAT) in Poland started discussion about legality and need for government regulations of interchange fees to avoid high costs for business (which also block electronic payment market and acceptability of cards).[67] This situation also led to the birth of new methods of payment, which avoid the need for go-between (middleman) companies like Visa or MasterCard, for example mobile application issued by major banks,[68] and system by big chain of discount shops,[69] or older public transport tickets buying systems.[70]
Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees[edit]
On June 16, 2016 the Wall Street Journal reported that Walmart threatened to stop accepting Visa cards in Canada. Visa objected saying that consumers should not be dragged into a dispute between the companies. [71]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]
As of October 1, 2012, Visa's headquarters are located in Foster City, California.[1] Visa had been headquartered in San Francisco until 1985, when it moved to San Mateo.[72] Around 1993, Visa began consolidating various scattered offices in San Mateo to a location in Foster City.[72] Visa became Foster City's largest employer.
In 2009, Visa moved its corporate headquarters back to San Francisco when it leased the top three floors of the 595 Market Street office building, although most of its employees remained at its Foster City campus.[73] In 2012, Visa decided to consolidate its headquarters in Foster City where 3,100 of its 7,700 global workers are employed.[1] Visa owns four buildings at the intersection of Metro Center Boulevard and Vintage Park Drive.
On December 11, 2012 Visa Inc. confirmed that it will build a global information technology center off of the US 183 Expressway in northwest Austin, Texas.[74]
Operations[edit]
Visa offers through its issuing members the following types of cards:

Debit cards (pay from a checking / savings account)
Credit cards (pay monthly payments with or without interest depending on a customer paying on time.)
Prepaid cards (pay from a cash account that has no checkwriting privileges)

Visa operates the Plus automated teller machine network and the Interlink EFTPOS point-of-sale network, which facilitate the "debit" protocol used with debit cards and prepaid cards. They also provide commercial payment solutions for small businesses, midsize and large corporations, and governments.[75]
Visa teamed with Apple in September 2014, to incorporate a new mobile wallet feature into Apple's new iPhone models, enabling users to more readily use their Visa, and other credit/debit cards.[76]
Operating regulations[edit]
Visa has a set of rules that govern the participation of financial institutions in its payment system. Acquiring banks are responsible for ensuring that their merchants comply with the rules.
Rules address how a cardholder must be identified for security, how transactions may be denied by the bank and how banks may cooperate for fraud prevention, and how to keep that identification and fraud protection standard and non-discriminatory. Other rules govern what creates an enforceable proof of authorization by the cardholder.[77]
The rules prohibit merchants from imposing a minimum or maximum purchase amount in order to accept a Visa card and from charging cardholders a fee for using a Visa card.[77] In ten U.S. states, surcharges for the use of a credit card are forbidden by law (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Kansas, Maine, Massachusetts, New York, Oklahoma and Texas) but a discount for cash is permitted under specific rules.[78] Some countries have banned the no-surcharge rule, most notably the UK[79] and Australia[80] and retailers in those countries may apply surcharges to any credit-card transaction, Visa or otherwise.
Visa permits merchants to ask for photo ID, although the merchant rule book states that this practice is discouraged. As long as the Visa card is signed, a merchant may not deny a transaction because a cardholder refuses to show a photo ID.[77]
The Dodd–Frank Act allows U.S. merchants to set a minimum purchase amount on credit card transactions, not to exceed $10.[81][82]
Recent complications include the addition of exceptions for non-signed purchases by telephone or on the Internet, and an additional security system called "Verified by Visa" for purchases on the Internet.
In September 2014, Visa Inc, launched a new service to replace account information on plastic cards with "token" - a digital account number.[83]
Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)[edit]

In September 2007, Visa introduced Visa payWave, a contactless payment technology feature that allows cardholders to wave their card in front of contactless payment terminals without the need to physically swipe or insert the card into a point-of-sale device.[84] This is similar to the MasterCard PayPass service and the American Express ExpressPay, with both using RFID technology. All three use the same symbol as shown on the right.
In Europe, Visa has introduced the V Pay card, which is a chip-only and PIN-only debit card. [85] In Australia, take up has been the highest in the world, with more than 50% of in store Visa transactions now made via Visa payWave. [86]
Visa Checkout[edit]
In 2013 Visa launched Visa Checkout, an online payment system that removes the need to share card details with retailers. The Visa Checkout service allows users to enter all their personal details and card information, then use a single username and password to make purchases from online retailers. The service works with Visa credit, debit, and prepaid cards. On November 27, 2013 V.me went live in the UK, France, Spain and Poland, with Nationwide Building Society being the first financial institution in Britain to support it,[87] although Nationwide subsequently withdrew this service in 2016.
Trademark and design[edit]
Logo design[edit]
The blue and gold in Visa's logo were chosen to represent the blue sky and gold-colored hills of California, where the Bank of America was founded.
In 2005, Visa changed its logo, removing the horizontal stripes in favor of a simple white background with the name Visa in blue with an orange flick on the 'V'.[88] The orange flick was removed in favor of the logo being a solid blue gradient in 2014. In 2015, the gold and blue stripes were restored as card branding on Visa Debit and Visa Electron, although not as the company's logotype.[89]
Card design[edit]




The hologram


In 1984, most Visa cards around the world began to feature a hologram of a dove on its face, generally under the last four digits of the Visa number. This was implemented as a security feature - true holograms would appear three-dimensional and the image would change as the card was turned. At the same time, the Visa logo, which had previously covered the whole card face, was reduced in size to a strip on the card's right incorporating the hologram. This allowed issuing banks to customize the appearance of the card. Similar changes were implemented with MasterCard cards. Today, cards may be co-branded with various merchants, airlines, etc., and marketed as "reward cards".
On older Visa cards, holding the face of the card under an ultraviolet light will reveal the dove picture, dubbed the Ultra-Sensitive Dove,[90] as an additional security test. (On newer Visa cards, the UV dove is replaced by a small V over the Visa logo.)
Beginning in 2005, the Visa standard was changed to allow for the hologram to be placed on the back of the card, or to be replaced with a holographic magnetic stripe ("HoloMag").[91] The HoloMag card was shown to occasionally cause interference with card readers, so Visa eventually withdrew designs of HoloMag cards and reverted to traditional magnetic strips.[92]
Sponsorships[edit]
Olympics and Paralympics[edit]

Visa has been a worldwide sponsor of the Olympic Games since 1986 and the International Paralympic Committee since 2002. Visa is the only card accepted at all Olympic and Paralympic venues. Its current contract with the International Olympic Committee and International Paralympic Committee as the exclusive services sponsor will continue through 2020 and 2016 respectively.[93] This includes the Singapore 2010 Youth Olympic Games, London 2012 Olympic Games, the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games, the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Olympic Games, the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Winter Games, and the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
Visa extended its partnership with the International Paralympic Committee through 2014, which includes the 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Winter Games, the 2012 London Paralympic Games and 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games. In 2002, Visa became the first global sponsor of the IPC.[94]

Others[edit]

Visa was the jersey sponsor of Argentina's national basketball team at the 2015 FIBA Americas Championship in Mexico City.[95]
Visa is the shirt sponsor for the Argentina national rugby union team, nicknamed the Pumas. Also, Visa sponsors the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana, the most important football club tournaments in South America.
Until 2005, Visa was the exclusive sponsor of the Triple Crown thoroughbred tournament.
Visa sponsored the Rugby World Cup, and the 2007 tournament in France was its last.[96]
In 2007, Visa became sponsor of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. The FIFA partnership provides Visa with global rights to a broad range of FIFA activities - including both the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup and the FIFA Women's World Cup.
Since 1995, Visa has sponsored the U.S. National Football League (NFL) and a number of NFL teams, including the San Francisco 49ers whose practice jerseys display the Visa logo.[97] Visa's sponsorship of the NFL extended through the 2014 season.[98]
Starting from the 2012 season, Visa became a partner of the Caterham F1 Team. Visa is also known for motorsport sponsorship in the past: it sponsored PacWest Racing's IndyCar team in 1995 and 1996, with drivers Danny Sullivan and Mark Blundell respectively.[99]
Visa is currently a jersey sponsor of professional gaming (eSports) team SK Gaming for 2017[100]

See also[edit]





China UnionPay
CIBIL
Damage waiver
Entrust Bankcard





Electronics portal
San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



RuPay
Visa Buxx
Visa Debit
Visa Electron





References[edit]


^ a b c Leuty, Ron (September 13, 2012). "Visa moving headquarters from San Francisco to Foster City". San Francisco Business Times. Retrieved February 27, 2013. [Visa] said Thursday that it is closing its headquarters in San Francisco and moving about 100 employees back to its Foster City campus, effective Oct. 1. [...] The bulk of the company's employees—3,100 of more than 7,700 worldwide... are in Foster City. 
^ a b c d e f "2015 Form 10-K, Visa Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Visa Inc. at a Glance" (PDF). Visa Inc. Retrieved April 25, 2015. 
^ Visa. Retrieved March 26, 2010.
^ a b Fisher, Daniel (2015-05-25). "Visa Moves at the Speed of Money". Forbes. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ "Inside Visa's Data Center | Network Computing". www.networkcomputing.com. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ Swartz, Jon (25 March 2012). "Top secret Visa data center banks on security, even has moat". USA Today. McLean, VA. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b "UnionPay takes top spot from Visa in $22 trillion global cards market - RBR". Finextra. London: Finextra Research Limited. 22 July 2016. 
^ "History of Visa". Retrieved March 19, 2013. 
^ Joseph Nocera, A Piece of the Action: How The Middle Class Joined the Money Class (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1995), 23.
^ Nocera, 23-24.
^ a b c Nocera, 24.
^ Nocera, 24-25.
^ Nocera, 25.
^ Nocera, 29.
^ Nocera, 29-30.
^ Nocera, 30-31.
^ Nocera, 30.
^ a b Nocera, 31.
^ Nocera, 32.
^ Nocera, 30-33.
^ "History of Visa", Visa Latin America & Caribbean. Archived November 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Unsolicited Credit Card Act of 1970 amended the Truth in Lending Act of 1968 to ban the mailing of unsolicited credit cards. It is now codified at 15 U.S.C. § 1642.
^ Nocera, 15.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on August 26, 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Nocera, 89-92.
^ Nocera, 90-93.
^ Batiz-Lazo, Bernardo; del Angel, Gustavo (2016), The Dawn of the Plastic Jungle: The Introduction of the Credit Card in Europe and North America, 1950-1975, Hoover Institution, p. 18 
^ "BofA resurrects Bankamericard brand", San Francisco Business Times.
^ Visa, Inc. Corporate Site.
^ "Visa plans stock market floatation", BBC News - Business, October 12, 2006.
^ Bawden, Tom. "Visa plans to split into two and float units for $13bn.", The Times, October 12, 2006.
^ Bruno, Joel Bel. "Visa Reveals Plan to Restructure for IPO", Associated Press, June 22, 2007.
^ "Visa, Inc. Complete Global Restructuring", Visa, Inc. Press Release, October 3, 2007.
^ "Visa files for $10 billion IPO", Reuters, November 9, 2007.
^ "Visa plans a $19 billion initial public offering". The Economist. February 25, 2008.
^ Benner, Katie. "Visa's $15 billion IPO: Feast or famine?", Fortune via CNNMoney, March 18, 2008.
^ "Visa Inc. Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option", Visa Inc. Press Release, March 20, 2008.[dead link]
^ "Visa IPO Seeks MasterCard Riches", TheStreet.com, February 2, 2008.
^ "Visa Europe members exploring sale to Visa - WSJ". Reuters. March 19, 2013. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "FAQs". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "Press Release - Visa Inc. to Acquire Visa Europe". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Visa Inc. Reaches Preliminary Agreement to Amend Transaction With Visa Europe". Visa Inc. 21 April 2016. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ "Press Release | Visa Corporate | Visa Inc.". pressreleases.visa.com. Retrieved 2016-06-24. 
^ BBC News. Retrieved December 8, 2010.
^ a b No proof WikiLeaks breaking law, inquiry finds, Associated Press (January 26, 2011) Archived January 29, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Wikileaks' IT firm says it will sue Visa and Mastercard". BBC News. December 8, 2010. Retrieved December 8, 2010. 
^ Adams, Richard; Weaver, Matthew (December 8, 2010). "WikiLeaks: the day cyber warfare broke out - as it happened" – via The Guardian. 
^ UNifeed Geneva/Pillay, UN Web site. Retrieved on December 15, 2010.
^ Zetter, Kim (July 12, 2012). "WikiLeaks Wins Icelandic Court Battle Against Visa for Blocking Donations | Threat Level". Wired.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint,U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Home Depot USA Inc." (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "ATM Operators File Antitrust Lawsuit Against Visa and MasterCard" (Press release). PR Newswire. October 12, 2011. 
^ "Visa Check/MasterMoney Antitrust Litigation", Web Site. Archived April 28, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ marketplace.publicradio.org Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mallory Duncan (July 10, 2012). "Credit Card Market Is Unfair, Noncompetitive". Roll Call. 
^ "Commission exempts multilateral interchange fees for cross-border Visa card payments" (Press release). European Commission. July 24, 2002. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Competition: Commission sector inquiry finds major competition barriers in retail banking" (Press release). European Commission. January 31, 2007. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Antitrust: Commission initiates formal proceedings against Visa Europe Limited" (Press release). European Commission. March 26, 2008. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ UOKIK. "UOKiK - Home". www.uokik.gov.pl. 
^ "Sector inquiry in the banking sector". February 8, 2007. 
^ 2010-12-08T17:04:18Z, Aoife White-. "Visa Europe Settles EU Antitrust Case, Reduces Fees" – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ "Forexhound.com - The Forex Trading Portal". www.forexhound.com. 
^ "Trouw.nl". 
^ a b c d e Visa, MasterCard $7.25 Billion Fee Deal Wins Approval. Businessweek. Retrieved on October 30, 2013.
^ Visa, MasterCard in $7.3 billion settlement over credit card fees. NBC News.com (July 13, 2012). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ Swipe Fee Settlement Appeal Delayed Until This Fall - In the Courts - Convenience Store News. Csnews.com (January 31, 2013). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ "Rynek kart czekają zmiany (wersja do druku)" (in Polish). Ekonomia24.pl. Archived from the original on April 16, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "IKO: rewolucyjny system płatności mobilnej od PKO BP - Banki - WP.PL". Banki. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Płatności mobilne w Biedronce - Tech - WP.PL". Tech. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Mobile Payments - Bilet w komórce". Skycash.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Sidel, Robin (June 16, 2016). "Visa Defends Fees in Wal-Mart Canada Dispute" – via www.wsj.com. 
^ a b "Visa finds a passport to the future San Mateo Company bets on 'SMART' cards that will exchange information, not just money." San Jose Mercury News. Monday August 7, 1995. 1F Business. Retrieved on February 2, 2011. "Visa's headquarters remained in San Francisco until 1985, when it relocated to San Mateo. Then, two years ago, it began consolidating scattered sites throughout San Mateo in nearby Foster City with [...]".
^ "Week in review." The Daily Journal. January 3, 2009. Retrieved on February 2, 2011.
^ Ladendorf, Kirk (December 11, 2012). "Visa confirms plans for Austin offices". Austin American-Statesman. Archived from the original on December 15, 2012. Retrieved February 27, 2013. 
^ "Synovus Selects Visa's Plus and Interlink as Primary Debit Network Providers", AllBusiness, April 6, 2004. Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Apple teams with payment networks to turn iPhone into wallet". San Diego News. Net. September 1, 2014. Retrieved September 1, 2014. 
^ a b c "Visa Rules for Merchants", Orion Payment Systems, Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Visa USA Inc". 
^ "Statutory Instrument 1990 No. 2159: The Credit Cards (Price Discrimination) Order 1990.", UK Office of Public Sector Information, October 31, 1990.
^ "Reforms to Payment Card Surcharging.", Reserve Bank of Australia. Archived March 28, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Visa USA | Global | Error - Page Not Found". usa.visa.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Emboldened, Merchants Expected To Push Cheaper Payments|PaymentsSource". paymentssource.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Visa launches new service to secure online payments", Investing.com, Retrieved September 10, 2014.
^ "New Visa payWave Issuers and Merchants Sign Up for Faster, More Convenient Payments". Archived from the original on January 2, 2008. 
^ "V PAY - your European debit card". Archived from the original on May 17, 2007. 
^ "Why do Australians lead the way in contactless payments?". 
^ Sparkes, Matthew (November 27, 2013). "Visa launch V.me digital wallet service". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "Hot Topic: A Brand Evolution.", Visa Corporate Press Release, January 2007.
^ http://www.payu.pl/sites/default/files/pliki graficzne/visa new.zip
^ "Payment Cards Fraud and Merchants". 
^ "HoloMag Introduced.", SEC.GOV Web Site.
^ "American Bank Note Holographics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2005 Financial Results" (PDF) (Press release). Robbinsville, NJ. March 31, 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 27, 2008. On March 14, 2006, Visa informed the Company ... that it is discontinuing the use of the current version of HoloMag based on what Visa describes as an infrequently occurring technical problem at the point of sale 
^ Visa Sponsors Third Paralympic Hall of Fame Induction, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ Visa Worldwide Partners, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ 2015 FIBA Americas Championship - Argentina, FIBA.com, Retrieved March 14, 2016.
^ Visa terminates global Rugby World Cup sponsorship, Brand Republic, April 17, 2008
^ "Newsroom - Visa". corporate.visa.com. 
^ Visa, NFL Give Credit Where Credit is Due, NYSportsJournalism.com, September 22, 2009
^ "caterhamf1.com". 
^ "SK Gaming announces partnership with VISA - Article - TSN". January 6, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Visa Inc..



Official Visa.com website (in most cases, will automatically redirect to a localized version of Visa.com based on the user's location)
Official Visa corporate profile
Visa Europe



Business data for Visa: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Credit, charge and debit cards



Major cards



American Express
Diners Club
MasterCard

Debit MasterCard
Maestro


Visa

Visa Debit
Visa Electron







Regional and
specialty cards



Bancomat
BC Card
BCA Card
Carte Bleue
China UnionPay
Dankort
Discover
EFTPOS
Electronic Payment Services (EPS)
Girocard
Interac
JCB
Mir
MEPS
NETS
RuPay
UATP
V Pay
Verve





Defunct cards



Access
Bankcard
Carte Blanche
Choice
enRoute
Eurocard
Everything
Laser
Rail Travel Card
Revolution Card
Solo
Switch





Accounts



Payment card number
Card enclosure
Credit card balance transfer
Credit limit
Installment credit
Revolving account
Deposit account

Current/checking account
Savings account







Debt



Cash advance
Charge-off
Maxed out





Interest



Grace period
Introductory rate
Universal default





Payment



Card not present transaction
Chargeback
Controlled payment number
Dispute





Interchange fee



Interchange fee
Surcharge





Security



Card security code
Chargeback fraud
Credit card fraud
Credit card hijacking
Enculturation





Technology



Cash machine
Chip and PIN
Contactless payment
Credit card terminal
EMV
Interbank network
Magnetic stripe card
Smart card










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Visa_Inc.&oldid=792818757"					
Categories: Financial services companies of the United KingdomCredit cardsDebit cardsCredit card issuer associationsCredit card terminologyCompanies based in LondonCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1958 establishments in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoCompanies established in 1958Contactless smart cardsFinancial services companies of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFinancial District, San Francisco2008 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2016CS1 Polish-language sources (pl)Wikipedia introduction cleanup from December 2016All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from December 2016All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles with unsourced statements from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from February 2012Wikipedia articles in need of updating from February 2015All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaUse American English from February 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from April 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתКыргызчаLietuviųമലയാളംNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 22:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Visa Inc. - Wikipedia






















 






Visa Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"VISA" redirects here. For other uses, see Visa (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (December 2016)



Visa Inc.





Visa Inc. headquarters at Metro Center in Foster City




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: V
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1958; 59 years ago (1958) (as BankAmericard)
Fresno, California, United States


Founder
Dee Hock


Headquarters
Foster City,[1] California, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alfred F. Kelly (CEO)


Products
Credit cards, payment systems


Revenue
 US$13.88 billion (2015)[2]



Operating income

 US$9.06 billion (2015)[2]



Net income

 US$6.32 billion (2015)[2]


Total assets
 US$40.23 billion (2015)[2]


Total equity
 US$29.84 billion (2015)[2]



Number of employees

11,300 (2015)[2]


Website
visa.com


Visa Inc. (/ˈviːzə/ or /ˈviːsə/) (also known as Visa, stylized as VISA) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Foster City, California, United States.[3] It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards and debit cards.[4] Visa does not issue cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for consumers; rather, Visa provides financial institutions with Visa-branded payment products that they then use to offer credit, debit, prepaid and cash-access programs to their customers. In 2015, the Nilson Report, a publication that tracks the credit card industry, found that Visa’s global network (known as VisaNet) processed 100 billion transactions with a total volume of US$6.8 trillion.[clarification needed][5]
Visa has operations across all continents worldwide with the exception of Antarctica. Nearly all Visa transactions worldwide are processed through VisaNet at one of two secure facilities: Operations Center East, located somewhere near Ashburn, Virginia; and Operations Center Central, located somewhere near Highlands Ranch, Colorado. Both data centers are heavily secured against natural disasters, crime, and terrorism; can operate independently of each other and from external utilities if necessary; and can handle up to 30,000 simultaneous transactions and up to 100 billion computations every second. Every transaction is checked past 500 variables including 100 fraud-detection parameters—such as the location and spending habits of the customer and the merchant's location - before being accepted.[6][5][7]
Visa is the world's second largest card payment organization (debit and credit cards combined), after being surpassed by China UnionPay in 2015, based on annual value of card payments transacted and number of issued cards.[8] Because UnionPay's size is based primarily on the size of its domestic market, Visa is dominant in the rest of the world outside of China, with 50% market share of global card payments minus China.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Corporate structure
1.2 Billing & finance charge methods
1.3 IPO and restructuring
1.4 Visa Europe


2 Criticism and controversy

2.1 WikiLeaks
2.2 Litigation and regulatory actions

2.2.1 Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators
2.2.2 Debit card swipe fees
2.2.3 U.S. Justice Department actions
2.2.4 Anti-trust issues in Europe
2.2.5 Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation


2.3 High swipe fees in Poland
2.4 Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees


3 Corporate affairs

3.1 Headquarters


4 Operations

4.1 Operating regulations


5 Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)
6 Visa Checkout
7 Trademark and design

7.1 Logo design
7.2 Card design


8 Sponsorships

8.1 Olympics and Paralympics
8.2 Others


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




A 1976 ad promoting the change of name to "Visa". Note the early Visa card shown in the ad, as well as the image of the BankAmericard that it replaced.


In mid-September 1958, Bank of America (BofA) launched its BankAmericard credit card program in Fresno, California, with an initial mass mailing (or "drop", as they came to be called) of 60,000 unsolicited credit cards.[9] The original idea was the brainchild of BofA's in-house product development think tank, the Customer Services Research Group, and its leader, Joseph P. Williams. Williams convinced senior BofA executives in 1956 to let him pursue what became the world's first successful mass mailing of unsolicited credit cards (actual working cards, not mere applications) to a large population.[10]
Williams' pioneering accomplishment was that he brought about the successful implementation of the all-purpose credit card (in the sense that his project was not cancelled outright), not in coming up with the idea.[11] By the mid-1950s, the typical middle-class American already maintained revolving credit accounts with several different merchants, which was clearly inefficient and inconvenient due to the need to carry so many cards and pay so many separate bills each month.[12] The need for a unified financial instrument was already evident to the American financial services industry, but no one could figure out how to do it. There were already charge cards like Diners Club (which had to be paid in full at the end of each billing cycle), and "by the mid-1950s, there had been at least a dozen attempts to create an all-purpose credit card."[12] However, these prior attempts had been carried out by small banks which lacked the resources to make them work.[12] Williams and his team studied these failures carefully and believed they could avoid replicating those banks' mistakes; they also studied existing revolving credit operations at Sears and Mobil Oil to learn why they were successful.[13] Fresno was selected for its population of 250,000 (big enough to make a credit card work, small enough to control initial startup cost), BofA's market share of that population (45%), and relative isolation, to control public relations damage in case the project failed.[14]




Visa logo used from July 1, 1992 to 2000



Visa logo used from August 1998 to 2006



Visa logo used from late 2005 to May 2015



Visa logo used since January 2014



Visa acceptance logo from early 2015 (only in certain Asian, American and European markets)



The 1958 test at first went smoothly, but then BofA panicked when it confirmed rumors that another bank was about to initiate its own drop in San Francisco, BofA's home market.[15] By March 1959, drops began in San Francisco and Sacramento; by June, BofA was dropping cards in Los Angeles; by October, the entire state had been saturated with over 2 million credit cards, and BankAmericard was being accepted by 20,000 merchants.[16] However, the program was riddled with problems, as Williams (who had never worked in a bank's loan department) had been too earnest and trusting in his belief in the basic goodness of the bank's customers, and he resigned in December 1959.[17] 22% of accounts were delinquent, not the 4% expected, and police departments around the state were confronted by numerous incidents of the brand new crime of credit card fraud.[18] Both politicians and journalists joined the general uproar against Bank of America and its newfangled credit card, especially when it was pointed out that the cardholder agreement held customers liable for all charges, even those resulting from fraud.[19] BofA officially lost over $8.8 million on the launch of BankAmericard, but when the full cost of advertising and overhead was included, the bank's actual loss was probably around $20 million.[19]
However, after Williams and some of his closest associates left, BofA management realized that BankAmericard was salvageable.[20] They conducted a "massive effort" to clean up after Williams, imposed proper financial controls, published an open letter to 3 million households across the state apologizing for the credit card fraud and other issues their card raised, and eventually were able to make the new financial instrument work.[21]
The original goal of BofA was to offer the BankAmericard product across California, but in 1966, BofA began to sign licensing agreements with a group of banks outside of California, in response to a new competitor, Master Charge (now MasterCard), which had been created by an alliance of several other California banks to compete against BankAmericard. BofA itself (like all other U.S. banks at the time) could not expand directly into other states due to federal restrictions not repealed until 1994. Over the following 11 years, various banks licensed the card system from Bank of America, thus forming a network of banks backing the BankAmericard system across the United States.[22] The "drops" of unsolicited credit cards continued unabated, thanks to BofA and its licensees and competitors, until they were outlawed in 1970[23], but not before over 100 million credit cards had been distributed into the American population.[24]
During the late 1960s, BofA also licensed the BankAmericard program to banks in several other countries, which began issuing cards with localized brand names. For example:[citation needed]

In Canada, an alliance of banks (including Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Royal Bank of Canada, Banque Canadienne Nationale and Bank of Nova Scotia) issued credit cards under the Chargex name from 1968 to 1977.
In France, it was known as Carte Bleue (Blue Card). The logo still appears on many French-issued Visa cards today.
In Japan, The Sumitomo Bank issued BankAmericards through the Sumitomo Credit Service.
In the UK, the only BankAmericard issuer for some years was Barclaycard. The branding still exists today, but is used not only on Visa cards issued by Barclays, but on its MasterCard and American Express cards as well.[25]
In Spain until 1979 the only issuer was Banco de Bilbao.

In 1968, a manager at the National Bank of Commerce (later Rainier Bancorp), Dee Hock, was asked to supervise that bank's launch of its own licensed version of BankAmericard in the Pacific Northwest market. Although Bank of America had cultivated the public image that BankAmericard's troubled startup issues were now safely in the past, Hock realized that the BankAmericard licensee program itself was in terrible disarray because it had developed and grown very rapidly in an ad hoc fashion. For example, "interchange" transaction issues between banks were becoming a very serious problem, which had not been seen before when Bank of America was the sole issuer of BankAmericards. Hock suggested to other licensees that they form a committee to investigate and analyze the various problems with the licensee program; they promptly made him the chair of that committee.[26]
After lengthy negotiations, the committee led by Hock was able to persuade Bank of America that a bright future lay ahead for BankAmericard — outside of Bank of America. In June 1970, Bank of America gave up control of the BankAmericard program. The various BankAmericard issuer banks took control of the program, creating National BankAmericard Inc. (NBI), an independent Delaware corporation which would be in charge of managing, promoting and developing the BankAmericard system within the United States. In other words, BankAmericard was transformed from a franchising system into a jointly controlled consortium or alliance, like its competitor Master Charge. Hock became NBI's first president and CEO.[27]
However, Bank of America retained the right to directly license BankAmericard to banks outside of the United States, and continued to issue and support such licenses. By 1972, licenses had been granted in 15 countries. The international licensees soon encountered a variety of problems with their licensing programs, and they hired Hock as a consultant to help them restructure their relationship with BofA as he had done for the domestic licensees. As a result, in 1974, the International Bankcard Company (IBANCO), a multinational member corporation, was founded in order to manage the international BankAmericard program.[28]









Sample Barclaycard (left), as issued in the UK in the 1960s/70s. Co-branded cards were also issued by affiliates, such as the Co-operative Bank and Yorkshire Bank. The Chargex logo (right) used in Canada.


In 1976, the directors of IBANCO determined that bringing the various international networks together into a single network with a single name internationally would be in the best interests of the corporation; however, in many countries, there was still great reluctance to issue a card associated with Bank of America, even though the association was entirely nominal in nature. For this reason, in 1976, BankAmericard, Barclaycard, Carte Bleue, Chargex, Sumitomo Card, and all other licensees united under the new name, "Visa", which retained the distinctive blue, white and gold flag. NBI became Visa USA and IBANCO became Visa International.[citation needed]
The term Visa was conceived by the company's founder, Dee Hock. He believed that the word was instantly recognizable in many languages in many countries, and that it also denoted universal acceptance.[citation needed]
In October 2007, Bank of America announced it was resurrecting the BankAmericard brand name as the "BankAmericard Rewards Visa".[29]
Corporate structure[edit]
Prior to October 3, 2007, Visa comprised four non-stock, separately incorporated companies that employed 6,000 people worldwide: Visa International Service Association (Visa) – the worldwide parent entity, Visa U.S.A. Inc., Visa Canada Association, and Visa Europe Ltd. The latter three separately incorporated regions had the status of group members of Visa International Service Association.
The unincorporated regions Visa Latin America (LAC), Visa Asia Pacific and Visa Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) were divisions within Visa.
Billing & finance charge methods[edit]
Initially, signed copies of sales drafts were included in each customer's monthly billing statement for verification purposes—an industry practice known as "country club billing". By the late 1970s, however, billing statements no longer contained these enclosures, but rather a summary statement showing posting date, purchase date, reference number, merchant name, and the dollar amount of each purchase. At the same time, many issuers, particularly Bank of America, were in the process of changing their methods of finance charge calculation. Initially, a "previous balance" method was used—calculation of finance charge on the unpaid balance shown on the prior month's statement. Later, it was decided to use "average daily balance" which resulted in increased revenue for the issuers by calculating the number of days each purchase was included on the prior month's statement. Several years later, "new average daily balance"—in which transactions from previous AND current billing cycles were used in the calculation—was introduced. By the early 1980s, many issuers introduced the concept of the annual fee as yet another revenue enhancer.
IPO and restructuring[edit]
On October 11, 2006, Visa announced that some of its businesses would be merged and become a publicly traded company, Visa Inc.[30][31][32] Under the IPO restructuring, Visa Canada, Visa International, and Visa U.S.A. were merged into the new public company. Visa's Western Europe operation became a separate company, owned by its member banks who will also have a minority stake in Visa Inc.[33] In total, more than 35 investment banks participated in the deal in several capacities, most notably as underwriters.
On October 3, 2007, Visa completed its corporate restructuring with the formation of Visa Inc. The new company was the first step towards Visa's IPO.[34] The second step came on November 9, 2007, when the new Visa Inc. submitted its $10 billion IPO filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).[35] On February 25, 2008, Visa announced it would go ahead with an IPO of half its shares.[36] The IPO took place on March 18, 2008. Visa sold 406 million shares at US$44 per share ($2 above the high end of the expected $37–42 pricing range), raising US$17.9 billion in the largest initial public offering in U.S. history.[37] On March 20, 2008, the IPO underwriters (including JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co., Banc of America Securities LLC, Citi, HSBC, Merrill Lynch & Co., UBS Investment Bank and Wachovia Securities) exercised their overallotment option, purchasing an additional 40.6 million shares, bringing Visa's total IPO share count to 446.6 million, and bringing the total proceeds to US$19.1 billion.[38] Visa now trades under the ticker symbol "V" on the New York Stock Exchange.[39]
Visa Europe[edit]
Visa Europe Ltd. was a membership association and cooperative of over 3,700 European banks and other payment service providers[40] that operated Visa branded products and services within Europe. Visa Europe was an entirely separate company to Visa Inc. having gained independence of Visa International Service Association in October 2007 when Visa Inc. became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange.[41] Visa Inc. announced the plan to acquire Visa Europe on November 5, 2015, creating a single global company.[42] On April 21, 2016 the agreement was amended in response to the feedback of European Commission.[43] The acquisition of Visa Europe was completed on June 21, 2016.[44]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
WikiLeaks[edit]
Visa Europe began suspending payments to WikiLeaks on December 7, 2010.[45] The company said it was awaiting an investigation into 'the nature of its business and whether it contravenes Visa operating rules' – though it did not go into details.[46] In return Datacell, the IT company that enables WikiLeaks to accept credit and debit card donations, announced that it will take legal action against Visa Europe.[47] On December 8, the group Anonymous performed a DDoS attack on visa.com[clarification needed], bringing the site down.[48] Although "the Norway-based financial services company Teller AS, which Visa ordered to look into WikiLeaks and its fundraising body, the Sunshine Press, found no proof of any wrongdoing, Salon reported in January 2011 that Visa Europe "would continue blocking donations to the secret-spilling site until it completes its own investigation".[46]
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay stated that Visa may be "violating WikiLeaks' right to freedom of expression" by withdrawing their services.[49]
In July 2012, the Reykjavík District Court decided that Valitor (the Icelandic partner of Visa and MasterCard) was violating the law when it prevented donations to the site by credit card. It was ruled that the donations be allowed to return to the site within 14 days or they would be fined in the amount of US$6,000 per day.[50]
Litigation and regulatory actions[edit]
Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators[edit]
MasterCard, along with Visa, have been sued in a class action by ATM operators that claims the credit card networks' rules effectively fix ATM access fees.[51] The suit claims that this is a restraint on trade in violation of federal law. The lawsuit was filed by the National ATM Council and independent operators of automated teller machines. More specifically, it is alleged that MasterCard's and Visa's network rules prohibit ATM operators from offering lower prices for transactions over PIN-debit networks that are not affiliated with Visa or MasterCard. The suit says that this price fixing artificially raises the price that consumers pay using ATMs, limits the revenue that ATM-operators earn, and violates the Sherman Act's prohibition against unreasonable restraints of trade. Johnathan Rubin, an attorney for the plaintiffs said, "Visa and MasterCard are the ringleaders, organizers, and enforcers of a conspiracy among U.S. banks to fix the price of ATM access fees in order to keep the competition at bay."[52]
Debit card swipe fees[edit]
Visa settled a 1996 antitrust lawsuit brought by a class of U.S. merchants, including Wal-Mart, for billions of dollars in 2003. Over 4 million class members were represented by the plaintiffs. According to a website associated with the suit,[53] Visa and MasterCard settled the plaintiffs' claims for a total of $3.05 billion. Visa's share of this settlement is reported to have been the larger.
U.S. Justice Department actions[edit]
In October 2010, Visa and MasterCard reached a settlement with the U.S. Justice Department in another antitrust case. The companies agreed to allow merchants displaying their logos to decline certain types of cards (because interchange fees differ), or to offer consumers discounts for using cheaper cards.[54]
In 1998 the Department of Justice sued Visa over rules prohibiting its issuing banks from doing business with American Express and Discover. The Department of Justice won its case at trial in 2001 and the verdict was upheld on appeal. American Express and Discover filed suit as well.[55]
Anti-trust issues in Europe[edit]
In 2002 the European Commission exempted Visa’s multilateral interchange fees from Article 81 of the EC Treaty that prohibits anti-competitive arrangements.[56] However, this exemption expired on December 31, 2007. In the United Kingdom, MasterCard has reduced its interchange fees while it is under investigation by the Office of Fair Trading.
In January 2007, the European Commission issued the results of a two-year inquiry into the retail banking sector. The report focuses on payment cards and interchange fees. Upon publishing the report, Commissioner Neelie Kroes said the "present level of interchange fees in many of the schemes we have examined does not seem justified." The report called for further study of the issue.[57]
On March 26, 2008, the European Commission opened an investigation into Visa's multilateral interchange fees for cross-border transactions within the EEA as well as into the "Honor All Cards" rule (under which merchants are required to accept all valid Visa-branded cards).[58][needs update]
The antitrust authorities of EU Member States other than the United Kingdom are also investigating MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees. For example, on January 4, 2007, the Polish Office of Competition and Consumer Protection fined twenty banks a total of PLN 164 million (about $56 million) for jointly setting MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees.[59][60]
In December 2010, Visa reached a settlement with the European Union in yet another antitrust case, promising to reduce debit card payments to 0.2 percent of a purchase.[61] A senior official from the European Central Bank called for a break-up of the Visa/MasterCard duopoly by creation of a new European debit card for use in the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA).[62] After Visa's blocking of payments to WikiLeaks, members of the European Parliament expressed concern that payments from European citizens to a European corporation could apparently be blocked by the US, and called for a further reduction in the dominance of Visa and MasterCard in the European payment system.[63]
Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation[edit]
Main article: Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation
On November 27, 2012, a federal judge entered an order granting preliminary approval to a proposed settlement to a class-action lawsuit filed in 2005 by merchants and trade associations against Visa, MasterCard, and many credit card issuing banks. The suit was filed due to price fixing and other anti-competitive trade practices employed by MasterCard and Visa. A majority of named-class plaintiffs have objected and vowed to opt out of the settlement. Opponents object to provisions that would bar future lawsuits and even prevent merchants from opting out of significant portions of the proposed settlement. Stephen Neuwirth, a lawyer representing Home Depot, said, “It’s so obvious Visa and MasterCard were prepared to make a large payment because of the scope of the releases being given. It’s all one quid pro quo and merchants like the Home Depot are being denied the chance to opt out of that quid pro quo and say this is a bad deal.”[64]
Plaintiffs allege that Visa, MasterCard, and major credit card issuers engaged in a conspiracy to fix interchange fees, also known as swipe fees, that are charged to merchants for the privilege of accepting payment cards at artificially high levels. In their complaint, the plaintiffs also alleged that the defendants unfairly interfere with merchants from encouraging customers to use less expensive forms of payment such as lower-cost cards, cash, and checks.[64]
The settlement provides for the cash equivalent of a 10 basis-point reduction (0.1 percent) of swipe fees charged to merchants for a period of eight months. This eight-month period would probably begin in the middle of 2013. The total value of the settlement will be about $7.25 billion.[64] According to court filings, Target, Wal-Mart, Home Depot, Neiman Marcus, Saks, and 1,200 other plaintiffs oppose the settlement. A group of large merchants including Kroger, Walgreens, and Safeway have reached a separate agreement with the defendants over swipe fees.[64] The NACS, for example, harshly criticised the settlement and is urging its members to opt out.
Tom Robinson, chairman of NACS and president of Robinson Oil, said, "This proposed settlement allows the card companies to continue to dictate the prices banks charge and the rules that constrain the market including for emerging payment methods, particularly mobile payments. Consumers and merchants ultimately will pay more as a result of this agreement — without any relief in sight."[65] Josh Floum, general counsel for Visa, responded, “Our belief that the agreement will eventually receive final approval was strengthened today. As we have said from the beginning, this settlement is a fair and reasonable compromise for all parties.”[64]
In January 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled that any appeals against the settlement that received preliminary approval in November 2012 would not be heard until objections to the settlement are filed and considered by the trial court in September 2013. The practical effect of this ruling was to allow settlement notices to be sent to eligible merchants.[66]
High swipe fees in Poland[edit]
Very high interchange fee for Visa (1.5–1.6% from every transaction's final price, which also includes VAT) in Poland started discussion about legality and need for government regulations of interchange fees to avoid high costs for business (which also block electronic payment market and acceptability of cards).[67] This situation also led to the birth of new methods of payment, which avoid the need for go-between (middleman) companies like Visa or MasterCard, for example mobile application issued by major banks,[68] and system by big chain of discount shops,[69] or older public transport tickets buying systems.[70]
Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees[edit]
On June 16, 2016 the Wall Street Journal reported that Walmart threatened to stop accepting Visa cards in Canada. Visa objected saying that consumers should not be dragged into a dispute between the companies. [71]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]
As of October 1, 2012, Visa's headquarters are located in Foster City, California.[1] Visa had been headquartered in San Francisco until 1985, when it moved to San Mateo.[72] Around 1993, Visa began consolidating various scattered offices in San Mateo to a location in Foster City.[72] Visa became Foster City's largest employer.
In 2009, Visa moved its corporate headquarters back to San Francisco when it leased the top three floors of the 595 Market Street office building, although most of its employees remained at its Foster City campus.[73] In 2012, Visa decided to consolidate its headquarters in Foster City where 3,100 of its 7,700 global workers are employed.[1] Visa owns four buildings at the intersection of Metro Center Boulevard and Vintage Park Drive.
On December 11, 2012 Visa Inc. confirmed that it will build a global information technology center off of the US 183 Expressway in northwest Austin, Texas.[74]
Operations[edit]
Visa offers through its issuing members the following types of cards:

Debit cards (pay from a checking / savings account)
Credit cards (pay monthly payments with or without interest depending on a customer paying on time.)
Prepaid cards (pay from a cash account that has no checkwriting privileges)

Visa operates the Plus automated teller machine network and the Interlink EFTPOS point-of-sale network, which facilitate the "debit" protocol used with debit cards and prepaid cards. They also provide commercial payment solutions for small businesses, midsize and large corporations, and governments.[75]
Visa teamed with Apple in September 2014, to incorporate a new mobile wallet feature into Apple's new iPhone models, enabling users to more readily use their Visa, and other credit/debit cards.[76]
Operating regulations[edit]
Visa has a set of rules that govern the participation of financial institutions in its payment system. Acquiring banks are responsible for ensuring that their merchants comply with the rules.
Rules address how a cardholder must be identified for security, how transactions may be denied by the bank and how banks may cooperate for fraud prevention, and how to keep that identification and fraud protection standard and non-discriminatory. Other rules govern what creates an enforceable proof of authorization by the cardholder.[77]
The rules prohibit merchants from imposing a minimum or maximum purchase amount in order to accept a Visa card and from charging cardholders a fee for using a Visa card.[77] In ten U.S. states, surcharges for the use of a credit card are forbidden by law (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Kansas, Maine, Massachusetts, New York, Oklahoma and Texas) but a discount for cash is permitted under specific rules.[78] Some countries have banned the no-surcharge rule, most notably the UK[79] and Australia[80] and retailers in those countries may apply surcharges to any credit-card transaction, Visa or otherwise.
Visa permits merchants to ask for photo ID, although the merchant rule book states that this practice is discouraged. As long as the Visa card is signed, a merchant may not deny a transaction because a cardholder refuses to show a photo ID.[77]
The Dodd–Frank Act allows U.S. merchants to set a minimum purchase amount on credit card transactions, not to exceed $10.[81][82]
Recent complications include the addition of exceptions for non-signed purchases by telephone or on the Internet, and an additional security system called "Verified by Visa" for purchases on the Internet.
In September 2014, Visa Inc, launched a new service to replace account information on plastic cards with "token" - a digital account number.[83]
Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)[edit]

In September 2007, Visa introduced Visa payWave, a contactless payment technology feature that allows cardholders to wave their card in front of contactless payment terminals without the need to physically swipe or insert the card into a point-of-sale device.[84] This is similar to the MasterCard PayPass service and the American Express ExpressPay, with both using RFID technology. All three use the same symbol as shown on the right.
In Europe, Visa has introduced the V Pay card, which is a chip-only and PIN-only debit card. [85] In Australia, take up has been the highest in the world, with more than 50% of in store Visa transactions now made via Visa payWave. [86]
Visa Checkout[edit]
In 2013 Visa launched Visa Checkout, an online payment system that removes the need to share card details with retailers. The Visa Checkout service allows users to enter all their personal details and card information, then use a single username and password to make purchases from online retailers. The service works with Visa credit, debit, and prepaid cards. On November 27, 2013 V.me went live in the UK, France, Spain and Poland, with Nationwide Building Society being the first financial institution in Britain to support it,[87] although Nationwide subsequently withdrew this service in 2016.
Trademark and design[edit]
Logo design[edit]
The blue and gold in Visa's logo were chosen to represent the blue sky and gold-colored hills of California, where the Bank of America was founded.
In 2005, Visa changed its logo, removing the horizontal stripes in favor of a simple white background with the name Visa in blue with an orange flick on the 'V'.[88] The orange flick was removed in favor of the logo being a solid blue gradient in 2014. In 2015, the gold and blue stripes were restored as card branding on Visa Debit and Visa Electron, although not as the company's logotype.[89]
Card design[edit]




The hologram


In 1984, most Visa cards around the world began to feature a hologram of a dove on its face, generally under the last four digits of the Visa number. This was implemented as a security feature - true holograms would appear three-dimensional and the image would change as the card was turned. At the same time, the Visa logo, which had previously covered the whole card face, was reduced in size to a strip on the card's right incorporating the hologram. This allowed issuing banks to customize the appearance of the card. Similar changes were implemented with MasterCard cards. Today, cards may be co-branded with various merchants, airlines, etc., and marketed as "reward cards".
On older Visa cards, holding the face of the card under an ultraviolet light will reveal the dove picture, dubbed the Ultra-Sensitive Dove,[90] as an additional security test. (On newer Visa cards, the UV dove is replaced by a small V over the Visa logo.)
Beginning in 2005, the Visa standard was changed to allow for the hologram to be placed on the back of the card, or to be replaced with a holographic magnetic stripe ("HoloMag").[91] The HoloMag card was shown to occasionally cause interference with card readers, so Visa eventually withdrew designs of HoloMag cards and reverted to traditional magnetic strips.[92]
Sponsorships[edit]
Olympics and Paralympics[edit]

Visa has been a worldwide sponsor of the Olympic Games since 1986 and the International Paralympic Committee since 2002. Visa is the only card accepted at all Olympic and Paralympic venues. Its current contract with the International Olympic Committee and International Paralympic Committee as the exclusive services sponsor will continue through 2020 and 2016 respectively.[93] This includes the Singapore 2010 Youth Olympic Games, London 2012 Olympic Games, the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games, the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Olympic Games, the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Winter Games, and the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
Visa extended its partnership with the International Paralympic Committee through 2014, which includes the 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Winter Games, the 2012 London Paralympic Games and 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games. In 2002, Visa became the first global sponsor of the IPC.[94]

Others[edit]

Visa was the jersey sponsor of Argentina's national basketball team at the 2015 FIBA Americas Championship in Mexico City.[95]
Visa is the shirt sponsor for the Argentina national rugby union team, nicknamed the Pumas. Also, Visa sponsors the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana, the most important football club tournaments in South America.
Until 2005, Visa was the exclusive sponsor of the Triple Crown thoroughbred tournament.
Visa sponsored the Rugby World Cup, and the 2007 tournament in France was its last.[96]
In 2007, Visa became sponsor of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. The FIFA partnership provides Visa with global rights to a broad range of FIFA activities - including both the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup and the FIFA Women's World Cup.
Since 1995, Visa has sponsored the U.S. National Football League (NFL) and a number of NFL teams, including the San Francisco 49ers whose practice jerseys display the Visa logo.[97] Visa's sponsorship of the NFL extended through the 2014 season.[98]
Starting from the 2012 season, Visa became a partner of the Caterham F1 Team. Visa is also known for motorsport sponsorship in the past: it sponsored PacWest Racing's IndyCar team in 1995 and 1996, with drivers Danny Sullivan and Mark Blundell respectively.[99]
Visa is currently a jersey sponsor of professional gaming (eSports) team SK Gaming for 2017[100]

See also[edit]





China UnionPay
CIBIL
Damage waiver
Entrust Bankcard





Electronics portal
San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



RuPay
Visa Buxx
Visa Debit
Visa Electron





References[edit]


^ a b c Leuty, Ron (September 13, 2012). "Visa moving headquarters from San Francisco to Foster City". San Francisco Business Times. Retrieved February 27, 2013. [Visa] said Thursday that it is closing its headquarters in San Francisco and moving about 100 employees back to its Foster City campus, effective Oct. 1. [...] The bulk of the company's employees—3,100 of more than 7,700 worldwide... are in Foster City. 
^ a b c d e f "2015 Form 10-K, Visa Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Visa Inc. at a Glance" (PDF). Visa Inc. Retrieved April 25, 2015. 
^ Visa. Retrieved March 26, 2010.
^ a b Fisher, Daniel (2015-05-25). "Visa Moves at the Speed of Money". Forbes. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ "Inside Visa's Data Center | Network Computing". www.networkcomputing.com. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ Swartz, Jon (25 March 2012). "Top secret Visa data center banks on security, even has moat". USA Today. McLean, VA. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b "UnionPay takes top spot from Visa in $22 trillion global cards market - RBR". Finextra. London: Finextra Research Limited. 22 July 2016. 
^ "History of Visa". Retrieved March 19, 2013. 
^ Joseph Nocera, A Piece of the Action: How The Middle Class Joined the Money Class (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1995), 23.
^ Nocera, 23-24.
^ a b c Nocera, 24.
^ Nocera, 24-25.
^ Nocera, 25.
^ Nocera, 29.
^ Nocera, 29-30.
^ Nocera, 30-31.
^ Nocera, 30.
^ a b Nocera, 31.
^ Nocera, 32.
^ Nocera, 30-33.
^ "History of Visa", Visa Latin America & Caribbean. Archived November 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Unsolicited Credit Card Act of 1970 amended the Truth in Lending Act of 1968 to ban the mailing of unsolicited credit cards. It is now codified at 15 U.S.C. § 1642.
^ Nocera, 15.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on August 26, 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Nocera, 89-92.
^ Nocera, 90-93.
^ Batiz-Lazo, Bernardo; del Angel, Gustavo (2016), The Dawn of the Plastic Jungle: The Introduction of the Credit Card in Europe and North America, 1950-1975, Hoover Institution, p. 18 
^ "BofA resurrects Bankamericard brand", San Francisco Business Times.
^ Visa, Inc. Corporate Site.
^ "Visa plans stock market floatation", BBC News - Business, October 12, 2006.
^ Bawden, Tom. "Visa plans to split into two and float units for $13bn.", The Times, October 12, 2006.
^ Bruno, Joel Bel. "Visa Reveals Plan to Restructure for IPO", Associated Press, June 22, 2007.
^ "Visa, Inc. Complete Global Restructuring", Visa, Inc. Press Release, October 3, 2007.
^ "Visa files for $10 billion IPO", Reuters, November 9, 2007.
^ "Visa plans a $19 billion initial public offering". The Economist. February 25, 2008.
^ Benner, Katie. "Visa's $15 billion IPO: Feast or famine?", Fortune via CNNMoney, March 18, 2008.
^ "Visa Inc. Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option", Visa Inc. Press Release, March 20, 2008.[dead link]
^ "Visa IPO Seeks MasterCard Riches", TheStreet.com, February 2, 2008.
^ "Visa Europe members exploring sale to Visa - WSJ". Reuters. March 19, 2013. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "FAQs". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "Press Release - Visa Inc. to Acquire Visa Europe". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Visa Inc. Reaches Preliminary Agreement to Amend Transaction With Visa Europe". Visa Inc. 21 April 2016. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ "Press Release | Visa Corporate | Visa Inc.". pressreleases.visa.com. Retrieved 2016-06-24. 
^ BBC News. Retrieved December 8, 2010.
^ a b No proof WikiLeaks breaking law, inquiry finds, Associated Press (January 26, 2011) Archived January 29, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Wikileaks' IT firm says it will sue Visa and Mastercard". BBC News. December 8, 2010. Retrieved December 8, 2010. 
^ Adams, Richard; Weaver, Matthew (December 8, 2010). "WikiLeaks: the day cyber warfare broke out - as it happened" – via The Guardian. 
^ UNifeed Geneva/Pillay, UN Web site. Retrieved on December 15, 2010.
^ Zetter, Kim (July 12, 2012). "WikiLeaks Wins Icelandic Court Battle Against Visa for Blocking Donations | Threat Level". Wired.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint,U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Home Depot USA Inc." (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "ATM Operators File Antitrust Lawsuit Against Visa and MasterCard" (Press release). PR Newswire. October 12, 2011. 
^ "Visa Check/MasterMoney Antitrust Litigation", Web Site. Archived April 28, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ marketplace.publicradio.org Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mallory Duncan (July 10, 2012). "Credit Card Market Is Unfair, Noncompetitive". Roll Call. 
^ "Commission exempts multilateral interchange fees for cross-border Visa card payments" (Press release). European Commission. July 24, 2002. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Competition: Commission sector inquiry finds major competition barriers in retail banking" (Press release). European Commission. January 31, 2007. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Antitrust: Commission initiates formal proceedings against Visa Europe Limited" (Press release). European Commission. March 26, 2008. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ UOKIK. "UOKiK - Home". www.uokik.gov.pl. 
^ "Sector inquiry in the banking sector". February 8, 2007. 
^ 2010-12-08T17:04:18Z, Aoife White-. "Visa Europe Settles EU Antitrust Case, Reduces Fees" – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ "Forexhound.com - The Forex Trading Portal". www.forexhound.com. 
^ "Trouw.nl". 
^ a b c d e Visa, MasterCard $7.25 Billion Fee Deal Wins Approval. Businessweek. Retrieved on October 30, 2013.
^ Visa, MasterCard in $7.3 billion settlement over credit card fees. NBC News.com (July 13, 2012). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ Swipe Fee Settlement Appeal Delayed Until This Fall - In the Courts - Convenience Store News. Csnews.com (January 31, 2013). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ "Rynek kart czekają zmiany (wersja do druku)" (in Polish). Ekonomia24.pl. Archived from the original on April 16, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "IKO: rewolucyjny system płatności mobilnej od PKO BP - Banki - WP.PL". Banki. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Płatności mobilne w Biedronce - Tech - WP.PL". Tech. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Mobile Payments - Bilet w komórce". Skycash.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Sidel, Robin (June 16, 2016). "Visa Defends Fees in Wal-Mart Canada Dispute" – via www.wsj.com. 
^ a b "Visa finds a passport to the future San Mateo Company bets on 'SMART' cards that will exchange information, not just money." San Jose Mercury News. Monday August 7, 1995. 1F Business. Retrieved on February 2, 2011. "Visa's headquarters remained in San Francisco until 1985, when it relocated to San Mateo. Then, two years ago, it began consolidating scattered sites throughout San Mateo in nearby Foster City with [...]".
^ "Week in review." The Daily Journal. January 3, 2009. Retrieved on February 2, 2011.
^ Ladendorf, Kirk (December 11, 2012). "Visa confirms plans for Austin offices". Austin American-Statesman. Archived from the original on December 15, 2012. Retrieved February 27, 2013. 
^ "Synovus Selects Visa's Plus and Interlink as Primary Debit Network Providers", AllBusiness, April 6, 2004. Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Apple teams with payment networks to turn iPhone into wallet". San Diego News. Net. September 1, 2014. Retrieved September 1, 2014. 
^ a b c "Visa Rules for Merchants", Orion Payment Systems, Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Visa USA Inc". 
^ "Statutory Instrument 1990 No. 2159: The Credit Cards (Price Discrimination) Order 1990.", UK Office of Public Sector Information, October 31, 1990.
^ "Reforms to Payment Card Surcharging.", Reserve Bank of Australia. Archived March 28, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Visa USA | Global | Error - Page Not Found". usa.visa.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Emboldened, Merchants Expected To Push Cheaper Payments|PaymentsSource". paymentssource.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Visa launches new service to secure online payments", Investing.com, Retrieved September 10, 2014.
^ "New Visa payWave Issuers and Merchants Sign Up for Faster, More Convenient Payments". Archived from the original on January 2, 2008. 
^ "V PAY - your European debit card". Archived from the original on May 17, 2007. 
^ "Why do Australians lead the way in contactless payments?". 
^ Sparkes, Matthew (November 27, 2013). "Visa launch V.me digital wallet service". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "Hot Topic: A Brand Evolution.", Visa Corporate Press Release, January 2007.
^ http://www.payu.pl/sites/default/files/pliki graficzne/visa new.zip
^ "Payment Cards Fraud and Merchants". 
^ "HoloMag Introduced.", SEC.GOV Web Site.
^ "American Bank Note Holographics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2005 Financial Results" (PDF) (Press release). Robbinsville, NJ. March 31, 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 27, 2008. On March 14, 2006, Visa informed the Company ... that it is discontinuing the use of the current version of HoloMag based on what Visa describes as an infrequently occurring technical problem at the point of sale 
^ Visa Sponsors Third Paralympic Hall of Fame Induction, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ Visa Worldwide Partners, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ 2015 FIBA Americas Championship - Argentina, FIBA.com, Retrieved March 14, 2016.
^ Visa terminates global Rugby World Cup sponsorship, Brand Republic, April 17, 2008
^ "Newsroom - Visa". corporate.visa.com. 
^ Visa, NFL Give Credit Where Credit is Due, NYSportsJournalism.com, September 22, 2009
^ "caterhamf1.com". 
^ "SK Gaming announces partnership with VISA - Article - TSN". January 6, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Visa Inc..



Official Visa.com website (in most cases, will automatically redirect to a localized version of Visa.com based on the user's location)
Official Visa corporate profile
Visa Europe



Business data for Visa: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Credit, charge and debit cards



Major cards



American Express
Diners Club
MasterCard

Debit MasterCard
Maestro


Visa

Visa Debit
Visa Electron







Regional and
specialty cards



Bancomat
BC Card
BCA Card
Carte Bleue
China UnionPay
Dankort
Discover
EFTPOS
Electronic Payment Services (EPS)
Girocard
Interac
JCB
Mir
MEPS
NETS
RuPay
UATP
V Pay
Verve





Defunct cards



Access
Bankcard
Carte Blanche
Choice
enRoute
Eurocard
Everything
Laser
Rail Travel Card
Revolution Card
Solo
Switch





Accounts



Payment card number
Card enclosure
Credit card balance transfer
Credit limit
Installment credit
Revolving account
Deposit account

Current/checking account
Savings account







Debt



Cash advance
Charge-off
Maxed out





Interest



Grace period
Introductory rate
Universal default





Payment



Card not present transaction
Chargeback
Controlled payment number
Dispute





Interchange fee



Interchange fee
Surcharge





Security



Card security code
Chargeback fraud
Credit card fraud
Credit card hijacking
Enculturation





Technology



Cash machine
Chip and PIN
Contactless payment
Credit card terminal
EMV
Interbank network
Magnetic stripe card
Smart card










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Visa_Inc.&oldid=792818757"					
Categories: Financial services companies of the United KingdomCredit cardsDebit cardsCredit card issuer associationsCredit card terminologyCompanies based in LondonCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1958 establishments in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoCompanies established in 1958Contactless smart cardsFinancial services companies of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFinancial District, San Francisco2008 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2016CS1 Polish-language sources (pl)Wikipedia introduction cleanup from December 2016All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from December 2016All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles with unsourced statements from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from February 2012Wikipedia articles in need of updating from February 2015All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaUse American English from February 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from April 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתКыргызчаLietuviųമലയാളംNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 22:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Visa Inc. - Wikipedia






















 






Visa Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"VISA" redirects here. For other uses, see Visa (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (December 2016)



Visa Inc.





Visa Inc. headquarters at Metro Center in Foster City




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: V
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1958; 59 years ago (1958) (as BankAmericard)
Fresno, California, United States


Founder
Dee Hock


Headquarters
Foster City,[1] California, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alfred F. Kelly (CEO)


Products
Credit cards, payment systems


Revenue
 US$13.88 billion (2015)[2]



Operating income

 US$9.06 billion (2015)[2]



Net income

 US$6.32 billion (2015)[2]


Total assets
 US$40.23 billion (2015)[2]


Total equity
 US$29.84 billion (2015)[2]



Number of employees

11,300 (2015)[2]


Website
visa.com


Visa Inc. (/ˈviːzə/ or /ˈviːsə/) (also known as Visa, stylized as VISA) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Foster City, California, United States.[3] It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards and debit cards.[4] Visa does not issue cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for consumers; rather, Visa provides financial institutions with Visa-branded payment products that they then use to offer credit, debit, prepaid and cash-access programs to their customers. In 2015, the Nilson Report, a publication that tracks the credit card industry, found that Visa’s global network (known as VisaNet) processed 100 billion transactions with a total volume of US$6.8 trillion.[clarification needed][5]
Visa has operations across all continents worldwide with the exception of Antarctica. Nearly all Visa transactions worldwide are processed through VisaNet at one of two secure facilities: Operations Center East, located somewhere near Ashburn, Virginia; and Operations Center Central, located somewhere near Highlands Ranch, Colorado. Both data centers are heavily secured against natural disasters, crime, and terrorism; can operate independently of each other and from external utilities if necessary; and can handle up to 30,000 simultaneous transactions and up to 100 billion computations every second. Every transaction is checked past 500 variables including 100 fraud-detection parameters—such as the location and spending habits of the customer and the merchant's location - before being accepted.[6][5][7]
Visa is the world's second largest card payment organization (debit and credit cards combined), after being surpassed by China UnionPay in 2015, based on annual value of card payments transacted and number of issued cards.[8] Because UnionPay's size is based primarily on the size of its domestic market, Visa is dominant in the rest of the world outside of China, with 50% market share of global card payments minus China.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Corporate structure
1.2 Billing & finance charge methods
1.3 IPO and restructuring
1.4 Visa Europe


2 Criticism and controversy

2.1 WikiLeaks
2.2 Litigation and regulatory actions

2.2.1 Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators
2.2.2 Debit card swipe fees
2.2.3 U.S. Justice Department actions
2.2.4 Anti-trust issues in Europe
2.2.5 Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation


2.3 High swipe fees in Poland
2.4 Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees


3 Corporate affairs

3.1 Headquarters


4 Operations

4.1 Operating regulations


5 Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)
6 Visa Checkout
7 Trademark and design

7.1 Logo design
7.2 Card design


8 Sponsorships

8.1 Olympics and Paralympics
8.2 Others


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




A 1976 ad promoting the change of name to "Visa". Note the early Visa card shown in the ad, as well as the image of the BankAmericard that it replaced.


In mid-September 1958, Bank of America (BofA) launched its BankAmericard credit card program in Fresno, California, with an initial mass mailing (or "drop", as they came to be called) of 60,000 unsolicited credit cards.[9] The original idea was the brainchild of BofA's in-house product development think tank, the Customer Services Research Group, and its leader, Joseph P. Williams. Williams convinced senior BofA executives in 1956 to let him pursue what became the world's first successful mass mailing of unsolicited credit cards (actual working cards, not mere applications) to a large population.[10]
Williams' pioneering accomplishment was that he brought about the successful implementation of the all-purpose credit card (in the sense that his project was not cancelled outright), not in coming up with the idea.[11] By the mid-1950s, the typical middle-class American already maintained revolving credit accounts with several different merchants, which was clearly inefficient and inconvenient due to the need to carry so many cards and pay so many separate bills each month.[12] The need for a unified financial instrument was already evident to the American financial services industry, but no one could figure out how to do it. There were already charge cards like Diners Club (which had to be paid in full at the end of each billing cycle), and "by the mid-1950s, there had been at least a dozen attempts to create an all-purpose credit card."[12] However, these prior attempts had been carried out by small banks which lacked the resources to make them work.[12] Williams and his team studied these failures carefully and believed they could avoid replicating those banks' mistakes; they also studied existing revolving credit operations at Sears and Mobil Oil to learn why they were successful.[13] Fresno was selected for its population of 250,000 (big enough to make a credit card work, small enough to control initial startup cost), BofA's market share of that population (45%), and relative isolation, to control public relations damage in case the project failed.[14]




Visa logo used from July 1, 1992 to 2000



Visa logo used from August 1998 to 2006



Visa logo used from late 2005 to May 2015



Visa logo used since January 2014



Visa acceptance logo from early 2015 (only in certain Asian, American and European markets)



The 1958 test at first went smoothly, but then BofA panicked when it confirmed rumors that another bank was about to initiate its own drop in San Francisco, BofA's home market.[15] By March 1959, drops began in San Francisco and Sacramento; by June, BofA was dropping cards in Los Angeles; by October, the entire state had been saturated with over 2 million credit cards, and BankAmericard was being accepted by 20,000 merchants.[16] However, the program was riddled with problems, as Williams (who had never worked in a bank's loan department) had been too earnest and trusting in his belief in the basic goodness of the bank's customers, and he resigned in December 1959.[17] 22% of accounts were delinquent, not the 4% expected, and police departments around the state were confronted by numerous incidents of the brand new crime of credit card fraud.[18] Both politicians and journalists joined the general uproar against Bank of America and its newfangled credit card, especially when it was pointed out that the cardholder agreement held customers liable for all charges, even those resulting from fraud.[19] BofA officially lost over $8.8 million on the launch of BankAmericard, but when the full cost of advertising and overhead was included, the bank's actual loss was probably around $20 million.[19]
However, after Williams and some of his closest associates left, BofA management realized that BankAmericard was salvageable.[20] They conducted a "massive effort" to clean up after Williams, imposed proper financial controls, published an open letter to 3 million households across the state apologizing for the credit card fraud and other issues their card raised, and eventually were able to make the new financial instrument work.[21]
The original goal of BofA was to offer the BankAmericard product across California, but in 1966, BofA began to sign licensing agreements with a group of banks outside of California, in response to a new competitor, Master Charge (now MasterCard), which had been created by an alliance of several other California banks to compete against BankAmericard. BofA itself (like all other U.S. banks at the time) could not expand directly into other states due to federal restrictions not repealed until 1994. Over the following 11 years, various banks licensed the card system from Bank of America, thus forming a network of banks backing the BankAmericard system across the United States.[22] The "drops" of unsolicited credit cards continued unabated, thanks to BofA and its licensees and competitors, until they were outlawed in 1970[23], but not before over 100 million credit cards had been distributed into the American population.[24]
During the late 1960s, BofA also licensed the BankAmericard program to banks in several other countries, which began issuing cards with localized brand names. For example:[citation needed]

In Canada, an alliance of banks (including Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Royal Bank of Canada, Banque Canadienne Nationale and Bank of Nova Scotia) issued credit cards under the Chargex name from 1968 to 1977.
In France, it was known as Carte Bleue (Blue Card). The logo still appears on many French-issued Visa cards today.
In Japan, The Sumitomo Bank issued BankAmericards through the Sumitomo Credit Service.
In the UK, the only BankAmericard issuer for some years was Barclaycard. The branding still exists today, but is used not only on Visa cards issued by Barclays, but on its MasterCard and American Express cards as well.[25]
In Spain until 1979 the only issuer was Banco de Bilbao.

In 1968, a manager at the National Bank of Commerce (later Rainier Bancorp), Dee Hock, was asked to supervise that bank's launch of its own licensed version of BankAmericard in the Pacific Northwest market. Although Bank of America had cultivated the public image that BankAmericard's troubled startup issues were now safely in the past, Hock realized that the BankAmericard licensee program itself was in terrible disarray because it had developed and grown very rapidly in an ad hoc fashion. For example, "interchange" transaction issues between banks were becoming a very serious problem, which had not been seen before when Bank of America was the sole issuer of BankAmericards. Hock suggested to other licensees that they form a committee to investigate and analyze the various problems with the licensee program; they promptly made him the chair of that committee.[26]
After lengthy negotiations, the committee led by Hock was able to persuade Bank of America that a bright future lay ahead for BankAmericard — outside of Bank of America. In June 1970, Bank of America gave up control of the BankAmericard program. The various BankAmericard issuer banks took control of the program, creating National BankAmericard Inc. (NBI), an independent Delaware corporation which would be in charge of managing, promoting and developing the BankAmericard system within the United States. In other words, BankAmericard was transformed from a franchising system into a jointly controlled consortium or alliance, like its competitor Master Charge. Hock became NBI's first president and CEO.[27]
However, Bank of America retained the right to directly license BankAmericard to banks outside of the United States, and continued to issue and support such licenses. By 1972, licenses had been granted in 15 countries. The international licensees soon encountered a variety of problems with their licensing programs, and they hired Hock as a consultant to help them restructure their relationship with BofA as he had done for the domestic licensees. As a result, in 1974, the International Bankcard Company (IBANCO), a multinational member corporation, was founded in order to manage the international BankAmericard program.[28]









Sample Barclaycard (left), as issued in the UK in the 1960s/70s. Co-branded cards were also issued by affiliates, such as the Co-operative Bank and Yorkshire Bank. The Chargex logo (right) used in Canada.


In 1976, the directors of IBANCO determined that bringing the various international networks together into a single network with a single name internationally would be in the best interests of the corporation; however, in many countries, there was still great reluctance to issue a card associated with Bank of America, even though the association was entirely nominal in nature. For this reason, in 1976, BankAmericard, Barclaycard, Carte Bleue, Chargex, Sumitomo Card, and all other licensees united under the new name, "Visa", which retained the distinctive blue, white and gold flag. NBI became Visa USA and IBANCO became Visa International.[citation needed]
The term Visa was conceived by the company's founder, Dee Hock. He believed that the word was instantly recognizable in many languages in many countries, and that it also denoted universal acceptance.[citation needed]
In October 2007, Bank of America announced it was resurrecting the BankAmericard brand name as the "BankAmericard Rewards Visa".[29]
Corporate structure[edit]
Prior to October 3, 2007, Visa comprised four non-stock, separately incorporated companies that employed 6,000 people worldwide: Visa International Service Association (Visa) – the worldwide parent entity, Visa U.S.A. Inc., Visa Canada Association, and Visa Europe Ltd. The latter three separately incorporated regions had the status of group members of Visa International Service Association.
The unincorporated regions Visa Latin America (LAC), Visa Asia Pacific and Visa Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) were divisions within Visa.
Billing & finance charge methods[edit]
Initially, signed copies of sales drafts were included in each customer's monthly billing statement for verification purposes—an industry practice known as "country club billing". By the late 1970s, however, billing statements no longer contained these enclosures, but rather a summary statement showing posting date, purchase date, reference number, merchant name, and the dollar amount of each purchase. At the same time, many issuers, particularly Bank of America, were in the process of changing their methods of finance charge calculation. Initially, a "previous balance" method was used—calculation of finance charge on the unpaid balance shown on the prior month's statement. Later, it was decided to use "average daily balance" which resulted in increased revenue for the issuers by calculating the number of days each purchase was included on the prior month's statement. Several years later, "new average daily balance"—in which transactions from previous AND current billing cycles were used in the calculation—was introduced. By the early 1980s, many issuers introduced the concept of the annual fee as yet another revenue enhancer.
IPO and restructuring[edit]
On October 11, 2006, Visa announced that some of its businesses would be merged and become a publicly traded company, Visa Inc.[30][31][32] Under the IPO restructuring, Visa Canada, Visa International, and Visa U.S.A. were merged into the new public company. Visa's Western Europe operation became a separate company, owned by its member banks who will also have a minority stake in Visa Inc.[33] In total, more than 35 investment banks participated in the deal in several capacities, most notably as underwriters.
On October 3, 2007, Visa completed its corporate restructuring with the formation of Visa Inc. The new company was the first step towards Visa's IPO.[34] The second step came on November 9, 2007, when the new Visa Inc. submitted its $10 billion IPO filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).[35] On February 25, 2008, Visa announced it would go ahead with an IPO of half its shares.[36] The IPO took place on March 18, 2008. Visa sold 406 million shares at US$44 per share ($2 above the high end of the expected $37–42 pricing range), raising US$17.9 billion in the largest initial public offering in U.S. history.[37] On March 20, 2008, the IPO underwriters (including JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co., Banc of America Securities LLC, Citi, HSBC, Merrill Lynch & Co., UBS Investment Bank and Wachovia Securities) exercised their overallotment option, purchasing an additional 40.6 million shares, bringing Visa's total IPO share count to 446.6 million, and bringing the total proceeds to US$19.1 billion.[38] Visa now trades under the ticker symbol "V" on the New York Stock Exchange.[39]
Visa Europe[edit]
Visa Europe Ltd. was a membership association and cooperative of over 3,700 European banks and other payment service providers[40] that operated Visa branded products and services within Europe. Visa Europe was an entirely separate company to Visa Inc. having gained independence of Visa International Service Association in October 2007 when Visa Inc. became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange.[41] Visa Inc. announced the plan to acquire Visa Europe on November 5, 2015, creating a single global company.[42] On April 21, 2016 the agreement was amended in response to the feedback of European Commission.[43] The acquisition of Visa Europe was completed on June 21, 2016.[44]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
WikiLeaks[edit]
Visa Europe began suspending payments to WikiLeaks on December 7, 2010.[45] The company said it was awaiting an investigation into 'the nature of its business and whether it contravenes Visa operating rules' – though it did not go into details.[46] In return Datacell, the IT company that enables WikiLeaks to accept credit and debit card donations, announced that it will take legal action against Visa Europe.[47] On December 8, the group Anonymous performed a DDoS attack on visa.com[clarification needed], bringing the site down.[48] Although "the Norway-based financial services company Teller AS, which Visa ordered to look into WikiLeaks and its fundraising body, the Sunshine Press, found no proof of any wrongdoing, Salon reported in January 2011 that Visa Europe "would continue blocking donations to the secret-spilling site until it completes its own investigation".[46]
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay stated that Visa may be "violating WikiLeaks' right to freedom of expression" by withdrawing their services.[49]
In July 2012, the Reykjavík District Court decided that Valitor (the Icelandic partner of Visa and MasterCard) was violating the law when it prevented donations to the site by credit card. It was ruled that the donations be allowed to return to the site within 14 days or they would be fined in the amount of US$6,000 per day.[50]
Litigation and regulatory actions[edit]
Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators[edit]
MasterCard, along with Visa, have been sued in a class action by ATM operators that claims the credit card networks' rules effectively fix ATM access fees.[51] The suit claims that this is a restraint on trade in violation of federal law. The lawsuit was filed by the National ATM Council and independent operators of automated teller machines. More specifically, it is alleged that MasterCard's and Visa's network rules prohibit ATM operators from offering lower prices for transactions over PIN-debit networks that are not affiliated with Visa or MasterCard. The suit says that this price fixing artificially raises the price that consumers pay using ATMs, limits the revenue that ATM-operators earn, and violates the Sherman Act's prohibition against unreasonable restraints of trade. Johnathan Rubin, an attorney for the plaintiffs said, "Visa and MasterCard are the ringleaders, organizers, and enforcers of a conspiracy among U.S. banks to fix the price of ATM access fees in order to keep the competition at bay."[52]
Debit card swipe fees[edit]
Visa settled a 1996 antitrust lawsuit brought by a class of U.S. merchants, including Wal-Mart, for billions of dollars in 2003. Over 4 million class members were represented by the plaintiffs. According to a website associated with the suit,[53] Visa and MasterCard settled the plaintiffs' claims for a total of $3.05 billion. Visa's share of this settlement is reported to have been the larger.
U.S. Justice Department actions[edit]
In October 2010, Visa and MasterCard reached a settlement with the U.S. Justice Department in another antitrust case. The companies agreed to allow merchants displaying their logos to decline certain types of cards (because interchange fees differ), or to offer consumers discounts for using cheaper cards.[54]
In 1998 the Department of Justice sued Visa over rules prohibiting its issuing banks from doing business with American Express and Discover. The Department of Justice won its case at trial in 2001 and the verdict was upheld on appeal. American Express and Discover filed suit as well.[55]
Anti-trust issues in Europe[edit]
In 2002 the European Commission exempted Visa’s multilateral interchange fees from Article 81 of the EC Treaty that prohibits anti-competitive arrangements.[56] However, this exemption expired on December 31, 2007. In the United Kingdom, MasterCard has reduced its interchange fees while it is under investigation by the Office of Fair Trading.
In January 2007, the European Commission issued the results of a two-year inquiry into the retail banking sector. The report focuses on payment cards and interchange fees. Upon publishing the report, Commissioner Neelie Kroes said the "present level of interchange fees in many of the schemes we have examined does not seem justified." The report called for further study of the issue.[57]
On March 26, 2008, the European Commission opened an investigation into Visa's multilateral interchange fees for cross-border transactions within the EEA as well as into the "Honor All Cards" rule (under which merchants are required to accept all valid Visa-branded cards).[58][needs update]
The antitrust authorities of EU Member States other than the United Kingdom are also investigating MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees. For example, on January 4, 2007, the Polish Office of Competition and Consumer Protection fined twenty banks a total of PLN 164 million (about $56 million) for jointly setting MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees.[59][60]
In December 2010, Visa reached a settlement with the European Union in yet another antitrust case, promising to reduce debit card payments to 0.2 percent of a purchase.[61] A senior official from the European Central Bank called for a break-up of the Visa/MasterCard duopoly by creation of a new European debit card for use in the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA).[62] After Visa's blocking of payments to WikiLeaks, members of the European Parliament expressed concern that payments from European citizens to a European corporation could apparently be blocked by the US, and called for a further reduction in the dominance of Visa and MasterCard in the European payment system.[63]
Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation[edit]
Main article: Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation
On November 27, 2012, a federal judge entered an order granting preliminary approval to a proposed settlement to a class-action lawsuit filed in 2005 by merchants and trade associations against Visa, MasterCard, and many credit card issuing banks. The suit was filed due to price fixing and other anti-competitive trade practices employed by MasterCard and Visa. A majority of named-class plaintiffs have objected and vowed to opt out of the settlement. Opponents object to provisions that would bar future lawsuits and even prevent merchants from opting out of significant portions of the proposed settlement. Stephen Neuwirth, a lawyer representing Home Depot, said, “It’s so obvious Visa and MasterCard were prepared to make a large payment because of the scope of the releases being given. It’s all one quid pro quo and merchants like the Home Depot are being denied the chance to opt out of that quid pro quo and say this is a bad deal.”[64]
Plaintiffs allege that Visa, MasterCard, and major credit card issuers engaged in a conspiracy to fix interchange fees, also known as swipe fees, that are charged to merchants for the privilege of accepting payment cards at artificially high levels. In their complaint, the plaintiffs also alleged that the defendants unfairly interfere with merchants from encouraging customers to use less expensive forms of payment such as lower-cost cards, cash, and checks.[64]
The settlement provides for the cash equivalent of a 10 basis-point reduction (0.1 percent) of swipe fees charged to merchants for a period of eight months. This eight-month period would probably begin in the middle of 2013. The total value of the settlement will be about $7.25 billion.[64] According to court filings, Target, Wal-Mart, Home Depot, Neiman Marcus, Saks, and 1,200 other plaintiffs oppose the settlement. A group of large merchants including Kroger, Walgreens, and Safeway have reached a separate agreement with the defendants over swipe fees.[64] The NACS, for example, harshly criticised the settlement and is urging its members to opt out.
Tom Robinson, chairman of NACS and president of Robinson Oil, said, "This proposed settlement allows the card companies to continue to dictate the prices banks charge and the rules that constrain the market including for emerging payment methods, particularly mobile payments. Consumers and merchants ultimately will pay more as a result of this agreement — without any relief in sight."[65] Josh Floum, general counsel for Visa, responded, “Our belief that the agreement will eventually receive final approval was strengthened today. As we have said from the beginning, this settlement is a fair and reasonable compromise for all parties.”[64]
In January 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled that any appeals against the settlement that received preliminary approval in November 2012 would not be heard until objections to the settlement are filed and considered by the trial court in September 2013. The practical effect of this ruling was to allow settlement notices to be sent to eligible merchants.[66]
High swipe fees in Poland[edit]
Very high interchange fee for Visa (1.5–1.6% from every transaction's final price, which also includes VAT) in Poland started discussion about legality and need for government regulations of interchange fees to avoid high costs for business (which also block electronic payment market and acceptability of cards).[67] This situation also led to the birth of new methods of payment, which avoid the need for go-between (middleman) companies like Visa or MasterCard, for example mobile application issued by major banks,[68] and system by big chain of discount shops,[69] or older public transport tickets buying systems.[70]
Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees[edit]
On June 16, 2016 the Wall Street Journal reported that Walmart threatened to stop accepting Visa cards in Canada. Visa objected saying that consumers should not be dragged into a dispute between the companies. [71]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]
As of October 1, 2012, Visa's headquarters are located in Foster City, California.[1] Visa had been headquartered in San Francisco until 1985, when it moved to San Mateo.[72] Around 1993, Visa began consolidating various scattered offices in San Mateo to a location in Foster City.[72] Visa became Foster City's largest employer.
In 2009, Visa moved its corporate headquarters back to San Francisco when it leased the top three floors of the 595 Market Street office building, although most of its employees remained at its Foster City campus.[73] In 2012, Visa decided to consolidate its headquarters in Foster City where 3,100 of its 7,700 global workers are employed.[1] Visa owns four buildings at the intersection of Metro Center Boulevard and Vintage Park Drive.
On December 11, 2012 Visa Inc. confirmed that it will build a global information technology center off of the US 183 Expressway in northwest Austin, Texas.[74]
Operations[edit]
Visa offers through its issuing members the following types of cards:

Debit cards (pay from a checking / savings account)
Credit cards (pay monthly payments with or without interest depending on a customer paying on time.)
Prepaid cards (pay from a cash account that has no checkwriting privileges)

Visa operates the Plus automated teller machine network and the Interlink EFTPOS point-of-sale network, which facilitate the "debit" protocol used with debit cards and prepaid cards. They also provide commercial payment solutions for small businesses, midsize and large corporations, and governments.[75]
Visa teamed with Apple in September 2014, to incorporate a new mobile wallet feature into Apple's new iPhone models, enabling users to more readily use their Visa, and other credit/debit cards.[76]
Operating regulations[edit]
Visa has a set of rules that govern the participation of financial institutions in its payment system. Acquiring banks are responsible for ensuring that their merchants comply with the rules.
Rules address how a cardholder must be identified for security, how transactions may be denied by the bank and how banks may cooperate for fraud prevention, and how to keep that identification and fraud protection standard and non-discriminatory. Other rules govern what creates an enforceable proof of authorization by the cardholder.[77]
The rules prohibit merchants from imposing a minimum or maximum purchase amount in order to accept a Visa card and from charging cardholders a fee for using a Visa card.[77] In ten U.S. states, surcharges for the use of a credit card are forbidden by law (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Kansas, Maine, Massachusetts, New York, Oklahoma and Texas) but a discount for cash is permitted under specific rules.[78] Some countries have banned the no-surcharge rule, most notably the UK[79] and Australia[80] and retailers in those countries may apply surcharges to any credit-card transaction, Visa or otherwise.
Visa permits merchants to ask for photo ID, although the merchant rule book states that this practice is discouraged. As long as the Visa card is signed, a merchant may not deny a transaction because a cardholder refuses to show a photo ID.[77]
The Dodd–Frank Act allows U.S. merchants to set a minimum purchase amount on credit card transactions, not to exceed $10.[81][82]
Recent complications include the addition of exceptions for non-signed purchases by telephone or on the Internet, and an additional security system called "Verified by Visa" for purchases on the Internet.
In September 2014, Visa Inc, launched a new service to replace account information on plastic cards with "token" - a digital account number.[83]
Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)[edit]

In September 2007, Visa introduced Visa payWave, a contactless payment technology feature that allows cardholders to wave their card in front of contactless payment terminals without the need to physically swipe or insert the card into a point-of-sale device.[84] This is similar to the MasterCard PayPass service and the American Express ExpressPay, with both using RFID technology. All three use the same symbol as shown on the right.
In Europe, Visa has introduced the V Pay card, which is a chip-only and PIN-only debit card. [85] In Australia, take up has been the highest in the world, with more than 50% of in store Visa transactions now made via Visa payWave. [86]
Visa Checkout[edit]
In 2013 Visa launched Visa Checkout, an online payment system that removes the need to share card details with retailers. The Visa Checkout service allows users to enter all their personal details and card information, then use a single username and password to make purchases from online retailers. The service works with Visa credit, debit, and prepaid cards. On November 27, 2013 V.me went live in the UK, France, Spain and Poland, with Nationwide Building Society being the first financial institution in Britain to support it,[87] although Nationwide subsequently withdrew this service in 2016.
Trademark and design[edit]
Logo design[edit]
The blue and gold in Visa's logo were chosen to represent the blue sky and gold-colored hills of California, where the Bank of America was founded.
In 2005, Visa changed its logo, removing the horizontal stripes in favor of a simple white background with the name Visa in blue with an orange flick on the 'V'.[88] The orange flick was removed in favor of the logo being a solid blue gradient in 2014. In 2015, the gold and blue stripes were restored as card branding on Visa Debit and Visa Electron, although not as the company's logotype.[89]
Card design[edit]




The hologram


In 1984, most Visa cards around the world began to feature a hologram of a dove on its face, generally under the last four digits of the Visa number. This was implemented as a security feature - true holograms would appear three-dimensional and the image would change as the card was turned. At the same time, the Visa logo, which had previously covered the whole card face, was reduced in size to a strip on the card's right incorporating the hologram. This allowed issuing banks to customize the appearance of the card. Similar changes were implemented with MasterCard cards. Today, cards may be co-branded with various merchants, airlines, etc., and marketed as "reward cards".
On older Visa cards, holding the face of the card under an ultraviolet light will reveal the dove picture, dubbed the Ultra-Sensitive Dove,[90] as an additional security test. (On newer Visa cards, the UV dove is replaced by a small V over the Visa logo.)
Beginning in 2005, the Visa standard was changed to allow for the hologram to be placed on the back of the card, or to be replaced with a holographic magnetic stripe ("HoloMag").[91] The HoloMag card was shown to occasionally cause interference with card readers, so Visa eventually withdrew designs of HoloMag cards and reverted to traditional magnetic strips.[92]
Sponsorships[edit]
Olympics and Paralympics[edit]

Visa has been a worldwide sponsor of the Olympic Games since 1986 and the International Paralympic Committee since 2002. Visa is the only card accepted at all Olympic and Paralympic venues. Its current contract with the International Olympic Committee and International Paralympic Committee as the exclusive services sponsor will continue through 2020 and 2016 respectively.[93] This includes the Singapore 2010 Youth Olympic Games, London 2012 Olympic Games, the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games, the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Olympic Games, the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Winter Games, and the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
Visa extended its partnership with the International Paralympic Committee through 2014, which includes the 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Winter Games, the 2012 London Paralympic Games and 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games. In 2002, Visa became the first global sponsor of the IPC.[94]

Others[edit]

Visa was the jersey sponsor of Argentina's national basketball team at the 2015 FIBA Americas Championship in Mexico City.[95]
Visa is the shirt sponsor for the Argentina national rugby union team, nicknamed the Pumas. Also, Visa sponsors the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana, the most important football club tournaments in South America.
Until 2005, Visa was the exclusive sponsor of the Triple Crown thoroughbred tournament.
Visa sponsored the Rugby World Cup, and the 2007 tournament in France was its last.[96]
In 2007, Visa became sponsor of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. The FIFA partnership provides Visa with global rights to a broad range of FIFA activities - including both the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup and the FIFA Women's World Cup.
Since 1995, Visa has sponsored the U.S. National Football League (NFL) and a number of NFL teams, including the San Francisco 49ers whose practice jerseys display the Visa logo.[97] Visa's sponsorship of the NFL extended through the 2014 season.[98]
Starting from the 2012 season, Visa became a partner of the Caterham F1 Team. Visa is also known for motorsport sponsorship in the past: it sponsored PacWest Racing's IndyCar team in 1995 and 1996, with drivers Danny Sullivan and Mark Blundell respectively.[99]
Visa is currently a jersey sponsor of professional gaming (eSports) team SK Gaming for 2017[100]

See also[edit]





China UnionPay
CIBIL
Damage waiver
Entrust Bankcard





Electronics portal
San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



RuPay
Visa Buxx
Visa Debit
Visa Electron





References[edit]


^ a b c Leuty, Ron (September 13, 2012). "Visa moving headquarters from San Francisco to Foster City". San Francisco Business Times. Retrieved February 27, 2013. [Visa] said Thursday that it is closing its headquarters in San Francisco and moving about 100 employees back to its Foster City campus, effective Oct. 1. [...] The bulk of the company's employees—3,100 of more than 7,700 worldwide... are in Foster City. 
^ a b c d e f "2015 Form 10-K, Visa Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Visa Inc. at a Glance" (PDF). Visa Inc. Retrieved April 25, 2015. 
^ Visa. Retrieved March 26, 2010.
^ a b Fisher, Daniel (2015-05-25). "Visa Moves at the Speed of Money". Forbes. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ "Inside Visa's Data Center | Network Computing". www.networkcomputing.com. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ Swartz, Jon (25 March 2012). "Top secret Visa data center banks on security, even has moat". USA Today. McLean, VA. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b "UnionPay takes top spot from Visa in $22 trillion global cards market - RBR". Finextra. London: Finextra Research Limited. 22 July 2016. 
^ "History of Visa". Retrieved March 19, 2013. 
^ Joseph Nocera, A Piece of the Action: How The Middle Class Joined the Money Class (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1995), 23.
^ Nocera, 23-24.
^ a b c Nocera, 24.
^ Nocera, 24-25.
^ Nocera, 25.
^ Nocera, 29.
^ Nocera, 29-30.
^ Nocera, 30-31.
^ Nocera, 30.
^ a b Nocera, 31.
^ Nocera, 32.
^ Nocera, 30-33.
^ "History of Visa", Visa Latin America & Caribbean. Archived November 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Unsolicited Credit Card Act of 1970 amended the Truth in Lending Act of 1968 to ban the mailing of unsolicited credit cards. It is now codified at 15 U.S.C. § 1642.
^ Nocera, 15.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on August 26, 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Nocera, 89-92.
^ Nocera, 90-93.
^ Batiz-Lazo, Bernardo; del Angel, Gustavo (2016), The Dawn of the Plastic Jungle: The Introduction of the Credit Card in Europe and North America, 1950-1975, Hoover Institution, p. 18 
^ "BofA resurrects Bankamericard brand", San Francisco Business Times.
^ Visa, Inc. Corporate Site.
^ "Visa plans stock market floatation", BBC News - Business, October 12, 2006.
^ Bawden, Tom. "Visa plans to split into two and float units for $13bn.", The Times, October 12, 2006.
^ Bruno, Joel Bel. "Visa Reveals Plan to Restructure for IPO", Associated Press, June 22, 2007.
^ "Visa, Inc. Complete Global Restructuring", Visa, Inc. Press Release, October 3, 2007.
^ "Visa files for $10 billion IPO", Reuters, November 9, 2007.
^ "Visa plans a $19 billion initial public offering". The Economist. February 25, 2008.
^ Benner, Katie. "Visa's $15 billion IPO: Feast or famine?", Fortune via CNNMoney, March 18, 2008.
^ "Visa Inc. Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option", Visa Inc. Press Release, March 20, 2008.[dead link]
^ "Visa IPO Seeks MasterCard Riches", TheStreet.com, February 2, 2008.
^ "Visa Europe members exploring sale to Visa - WSJ". Reuters. March 19, 2013. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "FAQs". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "Press Release - Visa Inc. to Acquire Visa Europe". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Visa Inc. Reaches Preliminary Agreement to Amend Transaction With Visa Europe". Visa Inc. 21 April 2016. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ "Press Release | Visa Corporate | Visa Inc.". pressreleases.visa.com. Retrieved 2016-06-24. 
^ BBC News. Retrieved December 8, 2010.
^ a b No proof WikiLeaks breaking law, inquiry finds, Associated Press (January 26, 2011) Archived January 29, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Wikileaks' IT firm says it will sue Visa and Mastercard". BBC News. December 8, 2010. Retrieved December 8, 2010. 
^ Adams, Richard; Weaver, Matthew (December 8, 2010). "WikiLeaks: the day cyber warfare broke out - as it happened" – via The Guardian. 
^ UNifeed Geneva/Pillay, UN Web site. Retrieved on December 15, 2010.
^ Zetter, Kim (July 12, 2012). "WikiLeaks Wins Icelandic Court Battle Against Visa for Blocking Donations | Threat Level". Wired.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint,U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Home Depot USA Inc." (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "ATM Operators File Antitrust Lawsuit Against Visa and MasterCard" (Press release). PR Newswire. October 12, 2011. 
^ "Visa Check/MasterMoney Antitrust Litigation", Web Site. Archived April 28, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ marketplace.publicradio.org Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mallory Duncan (July 10, 2012). "Credit Card Market Is Unfair, Noncompetitive". Roll Call. 
^ "Commission exempts multilateral interchange fees for cross-border Visa card payments" (Press release). European Commission. July 24, 2002. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Competition: Commission sector inquiry finds major competition barriers in retail banking" (Press release). European Commission. January 31, 2007. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Antitrust: Commission initiates formal proceedings against Visa Europe Limited" (Press release). European Commission. March 26, 2008. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ UOKIK. "UOKiK - Home". www.uokik.gov.pl. 
^ "Sector inquiry in the banking sector". February 8, 2007. 
^ 2010-12-08T17:04:18Z, Aoife White-. "Visa Europe Settles EU Antitrust Case, Reduces Fees" – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ "Forexhound.com - The Forex Trading Portal". www.forexhound.com. 
^ "Trouw.nl". 
^ a b c d e Visa, MasterCard $7.25 Billion Fee Deal Wins Approval. Businessweek. Retrieved on October 30, 2013.
^ Visa, MasterCard in $7.3 billion settlement over credit card fees. NBC News.com (July 13, 2012). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ Swipe Fee Settlement Appeal Delayed Until This Fall - In the Courts - Convenience Store News. Csnews.com (January 31, 2013). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ "Rynek kart czekają zmiany (wersja do druku)" (in Polish). Ekonomia24.pl. Archived from the original on April 16, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "IKO: rewolucyjny system płatności mobilnej od PKO BP - Banki - WP.PL". Banki. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Płatności mobilne w Biedronce - Tech - WP.PL". Tech. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Mobile Payments - Bilet w komórce". Skycash.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Sidel, Robin (June 16, 2016). "Visa Defends Fees in Wal-Mart Canada Dispute" – via www.wsj.com. 
^ a b "Visa finds a passport to the future San Mateo Company bets on 'SMART' cards that will exchange information, not just money." San Jose Mercury News. Monday August 7, 1995. 1F Business. Retrieved on February 2, 2011. "Visa's headquarters remained in San Francisco until 1985, when it relocated to San Mateo. Then, two years ago, it began consolidating scattered sites throughout San Mateo in nearby Foster City with [...]".
^ "Week in review." The Daily Journal. January 3, 2009. Retrieved on February 2, 2011.
^ Ladendorf, Kirk (December 11, 2012). "Visa confirms plans for Austin offices". Austin American-Statesman. Archived from the original on December 15, 2012. Retrieved February 27, 2013. 
^ "Synovus Selects Visa's Plus and Interlink as Primary Debit Network Providers", AllBusiness, April 6, 2004. Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Apple teams with payment networks to turn iPhone into wallet". San Diego News. Net. September 1, 2014. Retrieved September 1, 2014. 
^ a b c "Visa Rules for Merchants", Orion Payment Systems, Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Visa USA Inc". 
^ "Statutory Instrument 1990 No. 2159: The Credit Cards (Price Discrimination) Order 1990.", UK Office of Public Sector Information, October 31, 1990.
^ "Reforms to Payment Card Surcharging.", Reserve Bank of Australia. Archived March 28, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Visa USA | Global | Error - Page Not Found". usa.visa.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Emboldened, Merchants Expected To Push Cheaper Payments|PaymentsSource". paymentssource.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Visa launches new service to secure online payments", Investing.com, Retrieved September 10, 2014.
^ "New Visa payWave Issuers and Merchants Sign Up for Faster, More Convenient Payments". Archived from the original on January 2, 2008. 
^ "V PAY - your European debit card". Archived from the original on May 17, 2007. 
^ "Why do Australians lead the way in contactless payments?". 
^ Sparkes, Matthew (November 27, 2013). "Visa launch V.me digital wallet service". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "Hot Topic: A Brand Evolution.", Visa Corporate Press Release, January 2007.
^ http://www.payu.pl/sites/default/files/pliki graficzne/visa new.zip
^ "Payment Cards Fraud and Merchants". 
^ "HoloMag Introduced.", SEC.GOV Web Site.
^ "American Bank Note Holographics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2005 Financial Results" (PDF) (Press release). Robbinsville, NJ. March 31, 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 27, 2008. On March 14, 2006, Visa informed the Company ... that it is discontinuing the use of the current version of HoloMag based on what Visa describes as an infrequently occurring technical problem at the point of sale 
^ Visa Sponsors Third Paralympic Hall of Fame Induction, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ Visa Worldwide Partners, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ 2015 FIBA Americas Championship - Argentina, FIBA.com, Retrieved March 14, 2016.
^ Visa terminates global Rugby World Cup sponsorship, Brand Republic, April 17, 2008
^ "Newsroom - Visa". corporate.visa.com. 
^ Visa, NFL Give Credit Where Credit is Due, NYSportsJournalism.com, September 22, 2009
^ "caterhamf1.com". 
^ "SK Gaming announces partnership with VISA - Article - TSN". January 6, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Visa Inc..



Official Visa.com website (in most cases, will automatically redirect to a localized version of Visa.com based on the user's location)
Official Visa corporate profile
Visa Europe



Business data for Visa: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Credit, charge and debit cards



Major cards



American Express
Diners Club
MasterCard

Debit MasterCard
Maestro


Visa

Visa Debit
Visa Electron







Regional and
specialty cards



Bancomat
BC Card
BCA Card
Carte Bleue
China UnionPay
Dankort
Discover
EFTPOS
Electronic Payment Services (EPS)
Girocard
Interac
JCB
Mir
MEPS
NETS
RuPay
UATP
V Pay
Verve





Defunct cards



Access
Bankcard
Carte Blanche
Choice
enRoute
Eurocard
Everything
Laser
Rail Travel Card
Revolution Card
Solo
Switch





Accounts



Payment card number
Card enclosure
Credit card balance transfer
Credit limit
Installment credit
Revolving account
Deposit account

Current/checking account
Savings account







Debt



Cash advance
Charge-off
Maxed out





Interest



Grace period
Introductory rate
Universal default





Payment



Card not present transaction
Chargeback
Controlled payment number
Dispute





Interchange fee



Interchange fee
Surcharge





Security



Card security code
Chargeback fraud
Credit card fraud
Credit card hijacking
Enculturation





Technology



Cash machine
Chip and PIN
Contactless payment
Credit card terminal
EMV
Interbank network
Magnetic stripe card
Smart card










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Visa_Inc.&oldid=792818757"					
Categories: Financial services companies of the United KingdomCredit cardsDebit cardsCredit card issuer associationsCredit card terminologyCompanies based in LondonCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1958 establishments in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoCompanies established in 1958Contactless smart cardsFinancial services companies of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFinancial District, San Francisco2008 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2016CS1 Polish-language sources (pl)Wikipedia introduction cleanup from December 2016All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from December 2016All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles with unsourced statements from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from February 2012Wikipedia articles in need of updating from February 2015All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaUse American English from February 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from April 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתКыргызчаLietuviųമലയാളംNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 22:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Visa Inc. - Wikipedia






















 






Visa Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"VISA" redirects here. For other uses, see Visa (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (December 2016)



Visa Inc.





Visa Inc. headquarters at Metro Center in Foster City




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: V
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1958; 59 years ago (1958) (as BankAmericard)
Fresno, California, United States


Founder
Dee Hock


Headquarters
Foster City,[1] California, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alfred F. Kelly (CEO)


Products
Credit cards, payment systems


Revenue
 US$13.88 billion (2015)[2]



Operating income

 US$9.06 billion (2015)[2]



Net income

 US$6.32 billion (2015)[2]


Total assets
 US$40.23 billion (2015)[2]


Total equity
 US$29.84 billion (2015)[2]



Number of employees

11,300 (2015)[2]


Website
visa.com


Visa Inc. (/ˈviːzə/ or /ˈviːsə/) (also known as Visa, stylized as VISA) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Foster City, California, United States.[3] It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards and debit cards.[4] Visa does not issue cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for consumers; rather, Visa provides financial institutions with Visa-branded payment products that they then use to offer credit, debit, prepaid and cash-access programs to their customers. In 2015, the Nilson Report, a publication that tracks the credit card industry, found that Visa’s global network (known as VisaNet) processed 100 billion transactions with a total volume of US$6.8 trillion.[clarification needed][5]
Visa has operations across all continents worldwide with the exception of Antarctica. Nearly all Visa transactions worldwide are processed through VisaNet at one of two secure facilities: Operations Center East, located somewhere near Ashburn, Virginia; and Operations Center Central, located somewhere near Highlands Ranch, Colorado. Both data centers are heavily secured against natural disasters, crime, and terrorism; can operate independently of each other and from external utilities if necessary; and can handle up to 30,000 simultaneous transactions and up to 100 billion computations every second. Every transaction is checked past 500 variables including 100 fraud-detection parameters—such as the location and spending habits of the customer and the merchant's location - before being accepted.[6][5][7]
Visa is the world's second largest card payment organization (debit and credit cards combined), after being surpassed by China UnionPay in 2015, based on annual value of card payments transacted and number of issued cards.[8] Because UnionPay's size is based primarily on the size of its domestic market, Visa is dominant in the rest of the world outside of China, with 50% market share of global card payments minus China.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Corporate structure
1.2 Billing & finance charge methods
1.3 IPO and restructuring
1.4 Visa Europe


2 Criticism and controversy

2.1 WikiLeaks
2.2 Litigation and regulatory actions

2.2.1 Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators
2.2.2 Debit card swipe fees
2.2.3 U.S. Justice Department actions
2.2.4 Anti-trust issues in Europe
2.2.5 Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation


2.3 High swipe fees in Poland
2.4 Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees


3 Corporate affairs

3.1 Headquarters


4 Operations

4.1 Operating regulations


5 Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)
6 Visa Checkout
7 Trademark and design

7.1 Logo design
7.2 Card design


8 Sponsorships

8.1 Olympics and Paralympics
8.2 Others


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




A 1976 ad promoting the change of name to "Visa". Note the early Visa card shown in the ad, as well as the image of the BankAmericard that it replaced.


In mid-September 1958, Bank of America (BofA) launched its BankAmericard credit card program in Fresno, California, with an initial mass mailing (or "drop", as they came to be called) of 60,000 unsolicited credit cards.[9] The original idea was the brainchild of BofA's in-house product development think tank, the Customer Services Research Group, and its leader, Joseph P. Williams. Williams convinced senior BofA executives in 1956 to let him pursue what became the world's first successful mass mailing of unsolicited credit cards (actual working cards, not mere applications) to a large population.[10]
Williams' pioneering accomplishment was that he brought about the successful implementation of the all-purpose credit card (in the sense that his project was not cancelled outright), not in coming up with the idea.[11] By the mid-1950s, the typical middle-class American already maintained revolving credit accounts with several different merchants, which was clearly inefficient and inconvenient due to the need to carry so many cards and pay so many separate bills each month.[12] The need for a unified financial instrument was already evident to the American financial services industry, but no one could figure out how to do it. There were already charge cards like Diners Club (which had to be paid in full at the end of each billing cycle), and "by the mid-1950s, there had been at least a dozen attempts to create an all-purpose credit card."[12] However, these prior attempts had been carried out by small banks which lacked the resources to make them work.[12] Williams and his team studied these failures carefully and believed they could avoid replicating those banks' mistakes; they also studied existing revolving credit operations at Sears and Mobil Oil to learn why they were successful.[13] Fresno was selected for its population of 250,000 (big enough to make a credit card work, small enough to control initial startup cost), BofA's market share of that population (45%), and relative isolation, to control public relations damage in case the project failed.[14]




Visa logo used from July 1, 1992 to 2000



Visa logo used from August 1998 to 2006



Visa logo used from late 2005 to May 2015



Visa logo used since January 2014



Visa acceptance logo from early 2015 (only in certain Asian, American and European markets)



The 1958 test at first went smoothly, but then BofA panicked when it confirmed rumors that another bank was about to initiate its own drop in San Francisco, BofA's home market.[15] By March 1959, drops began in San Francisco and Sacramento; by June, BofA was dropping cards in Los Angeles; by October, the entire state had been saturated with over 2 million credit cards, and BankAmericard was being accepted by 20,000 merchants.[16] However, the program was riddled with problems, as Williams (who had never worked in a bank's loan department) had been too earnest and trusting in his belief in the basic goodness of the bank's customers, and he resigned in December 1959.[17] 22% of accounts were delinquent, not the 4% expected, and police departments around the state were confronted by numerous incidents of the brand new crime of credit card fraud.[18] Both politicians and journalists joined the general uproar against Bank of America and its newfangled credit card, especially when it was pointed out that the cardholder agreement held customers liable for all charges, even those resulting from fraud.[19] BofA officially lost over $8.8 million on the launch of BankAmericard, but when the full cost of advertising and overhead was included, the bank's actual loss was probably around $20 million.[19]
However, after Williams and some of his closest associates left, BofA management realized that BankAmericard was salvageable.[20] They conducted a "massive effort" to clean up after Williams, imposed proper financial controls, published an open letter to 3 million households across the state apologizing for the credit card fraud and other issues their card raised, and eventually were able to make the new financial instrument work.[21]
The original goal of BofA was to offer the BankAmericard product across California, but in 1966, BofA began to sign licensing agreements with a group of banks outside of California, in response to a new competitor, Master Charge (now MasterCard), which had been created by an alliance of several other California banks to compete against BankAmericard. BofA itself (like all other U.S. banks at the time) could not expand directly into other states due to federal restrictions not repealed until 1994. Over the following 11 years, various banks licensed the card system from Bank of America, thus forming a network of banks backing the BankAmericard system across the United States.[22] The "drops" of unsolicited credit cards continued unabated, thanks to BofA and its licensees and competitors, until they were outlawed in 1970[23], but not before over 100 million credit cards had been distributed into the American population.[24]
During the late 1960s, BofA also licensed the BankAmericard program to banks in several other countries, which began issuing cards with localized brand names. For example:[citation needed]

In Canada, an alliance of banks (including Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Royal Bank of Canada, Banque Canadienne Nationale and Bank of Nova Scotia) issued credit cards under the Chargex name from 1968 to 1977.
In France, it was known as Carte Bleue (Blue Card). The logo still appears on many French-issued Visa cards today.
In Japan, The Sumitomo Bank issued BankAmericards through the Sumitomo Credit Service.
In the UK, the only BankAmericard issuer for some years was Barclaycard. The branding still exists today, but is used not only on Visa cards issued by Barclays, but on its MasterCard and American Express cards as well.[25]
In Spain until 1979 the only issuer was Banco de Bilbao.

In 1968, a manager at the National Bank of Commerce (later Rainier Bancorp), Dee Hock, was asked to supervise that bank's launch of its own licensed version of BankAmericard in the Pacific Northwest market. Although Bank of America had cultivated the public image that BankAmericard's troubled startup issues were now safely in the past, Hock realized that the BankAmericard licensee program itself was in terrible disarray because it had developed and grown very rapidly in an ad hoc fashion. For example, "interchange" transaction issues between banks were becoming a very serious problem, which had not been seen before when Bank of America was the sole issuer of BankAmericards. Hock suggested to other licensees that they form a committee to investigate and analyze the various problems with the licensee program; they promptly made him the chair of that committee.[26]
After lengthy negotiations, the committee led by Hock was able to persuade Bank of America that a bright future lay ahead for BankAmericard — outside of Bank of America. In June 1970, Bank of America gave up control of the BankAmericard program. The various BankAmericard issuer banks took control of the program, creating National BankAmericard Inc. (NBI), an independent Delaware corporation which would be in charge of managing, promoting and developing the BankAmericard system within the United States. In other words, BankAmericard was transformed from a franchising system into a jointly controlled consortium or alliance, like its competitor Master Charge. Hock became NBI's first president and CEO.[27]
However, Bank of America retained the right to directly license BankAmericard to banks outside of the United States, and continued to issue and support such licenses. By 1972, licenses had been granted in 15 countries. The international licensees soon encountered a variety of problems with their licensing programs, and they hired Hock as a consultant to help them restructure their relationship with BofA as he had done for the domestic licensees. As a result, in 1974, the International Bankcard Company (IBANCO), a multinational member corporation, was founded in order to manage the international BankAmericard program.[28]









Sample Barclaycard (left), as issued in the UK in the 1960s/70s. Co-branded cards were also issued by affiliates, such as the Co-operative Bank and Yorkshire Bank. The Chargex logo (right) used in Canada.


In 1976, the directors of IBANCO determined that bringing the various international networks together into a single network with a single name internationally would be in the best interests of the corporation; however, in many countries, there was still great reluctance to issue a card associated with Bank of America, even though the association was entirely nominal in nature. For this reason, in 1976, BankAmericard, Barclaycard, Carte Bleue, Chargex, Sumitomo Card, and all other licensees united under the new name, "Visa", which retained the distinctive blue, white and gold flag. NBI became Visa USA and IBANCO became Visa International.[citation needed]
The term Visa was conceived by the company's founder, Dee Hock. He believed that the word was instantly recognizable in many languages in many countries, and that it also denoted universal acceptance.[citation needed]
In October 2007, Bank of America announced it was resurrecting the BankAmericard brand name as the "BankAmericard Rewards Visa".[29]
Corporate structure[edit]
Prior to October 3, 2007, Visa comprised four non-stock, separately incorporated companies that employed 6,000 people worldwide: Visa International Service Association (Visa) – the worldwide parent entity, Visa U.S.A. Inc., Visa Canada Association, and Visa Europe Ltd. The latter three separately incorporated regions had the status of group members of Visa International Service Association.
The unincorporated regions Visa Latin America (LAC), Visa Asia Pacific and Visa Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) were divisions within Visa.
Billing & finance charge methods[edit]
Initially, signed copies of sales drafts were included in each customer's monthly billing statement for verification purposes—an industry practice known as "country club billing". By the late 1970s, however, billing statements no longer contained these enclosures, but rather a summary statement showing posting date, purchase date, reference number, merchant name, and the dollar amount of each purchase. At the same time, many issuers, particularly Bank of America, were in the process of changing their methods of finance charge calculation. Initially, a "previous balance" method was used—calculation of finance charge on the unpaid balance shown on the prior month's statement. Later, it was decided to use "average daily balance" which resulted in increased revenue for the issuers by calculating the number of days each purchase was included on the prior month's statement. Several years later, "new average daily balance"—in which transactions from previous AND current billing cycles were used in the calculation—was introduced. By the early 1980s, many issuers introduced the concept of the annual fee as yet another revenue enhancer.
IPO and restructuring[edit]
On October 11, 2006, Visa announced that some of its businesses would be merged and become a publicly traded company, Visa Inc.[30][31][32] Under the IPO restructuring, Visa Canada, Visa International, and Visa U.S.A. were merged into the new public company. Visa's Western Europe operation became a separate company, owned by its member banks who will also have a minority stake in Visa Inc.[33] In total, more than 35 investment banks participated in the deal in several capacities, most notably as underwriters.
On October 3, 2007, Visa completed its corporate restructuring with the formation of Visa Inc. The new company was the first step towards Visa's IPO.[34] The second step came on November 9, 2007, when the new Visa Inc. submitted its $10 billion IPO filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).[35] On February 25, 2008, Visa announced it would go ahead with an IPO of half its shares.[36] The IPO took place on March 18, 2008. Visa sold 406 million shares at US$44 per share ($2 above the high end of the expected $37–42 pricing range), raising US$17.9 billion in the largest initial public offering in U.S. history.[37] On March 20, 2008, the IPO underwriters (including JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co., Banc of America Securities LLC, Citi, HSBC, Merrill Lynch & Co., UBS Investment Bank and Wachovia Securities) exercised their overallotment option, purchasing an additional 40.6 million shares, bringing Visa's total IPO share count to 446.6 million, and bringing the total proceeds to US$19.1 billion.[38] Visa now trades under the ticker symbol "V" on the New York Stock Exchange.[39]
Visa Europe[edit]
Visa Europe Ltd. was a membership association and cooperative of over 3,700 European banks and other payment service providers[40] that operated Visa branded products and services within Europe. Visa Europe was an entirely separate company to Visa Inc. having gained independence of Visa International Service Association in October 2007 when Visa Inc. became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange.[41] Visa Inc. announced the plan to acquire Visa Europe on November 5, 2015, creating a single global company.[42] On April 21, 2016 the agreement was amended in response to the feedback of European Commission.[43] The acquisition of Visa Europe was completed on June 21, 2016.[44]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
WikiLeaks[edit]
Visa Europe began suspending payments to WikiLeaks on December 7, 2010.[45] The company said it was awaiting an investigation into 'the nature of its business and whether it contravenes Visa operating rules' – though it did not go into details.[46] In return Datacell, the IT company that enables WikiLeaks to accept credit and debit card donations, announced that it will take legal action against Visa Europe.[47] On December 8, the group Anonymous performed a DDoS attack on visa.com[clarification needed], bringing the site down.[48] Although "the Norway-based financial services company Teller AS, which Visa ordered to look into WikiLeaks and its fundraising body, the Sunshine Press, found no proof of any wrongdoing, Salon reported in January 2011 that Visa Europe "would continue blocking donations to the secret-spilling site until it completes its own investigation".[46]
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay stated that Visa may be "violating WikiLeaks' right to freedom of expression" by withdrawing their services.[49]
In July 2012, the Reykjavík District Court decided that Valitor (the Icelandic partner of Visa and MasterCard) was violating the law when it prevented donations to the site by credit card. It was ruled that the donations be allowed to return to the site within 14 days or they would be fined in the amount of US$6,000 per day.[50]
Litigation and regulatory actions[edit]
Anti-trust lawsuit by ATM operators[edit]
MasterCard, along with Visa, have been sued in a class action by ATM operators that claims the credit card networks' rules effectively fix ATM access fees.[51] The suit claims that this is a restraint on trade in violation of federal law. The lawsuit was filed by the National ATM Council and independent operators of automated teller machines. More specifically, it is alleged that MasterCard's and Visa's network rules prohibit ATM operators from offering lower prices for transactions over PIN-debit networks that are not affiliated with Visa or MasterCard. The suit says that this price fixing artificially raises the price that consumers pay using ATMs, limits the revenue that ATM-operators earn, and violates the Sherman Act's prohibition against unreasonable restraints of trade. Johnathan Rubin, an attorney for the plaintiffs said, "Visa and MasterCard are the ringleaders, organizers, and enforcers of a conspiracy among U.S. banks to fix the price of ATM access fees in order to keep the competition at bay."[52]
Debit card swipe fees[edit]
Visa settled a 1996 antitrust lawsuit brought by a class of U.S. merchants, including Wal-Mart, for billions of dollars in 2003. Over 4 million class members were represented by the plaintiffs. According to a website associated with the suit,[53] Visa and MasterCard settled the plaintiffs' claims for a total of $3.05 billion. Visa's share of this settlement is reported to have been the larger.
U.S. Justice Department actions[edit]
In October 2010, Visa and MasterCard reached a settlement with the U.S. Justice Department in another antitrust case. The companies agreed to allow merchants displaying their logos to decline certain types of cards (because interchange fees differ), or to offer consumers discounts for using cheaper cards.[54]
In 1998 the Department of Justice sued Visa over rules prohibiting its issuing banks from doing business with American Express and Discover. The Department of Justice won its case at trial in 2001 and the verdict was upheld on appeal. American Express and Discover filed suit as well.[55]
Anti-trust issues in Europe[edit]
In 2002 the European Commission exempted Visa’s multilateral interchange fees from Article 81 of the EC Treaty that prohibits anti-competitive arrangements.[56] However, this exemption expired on December 31, 2007. In the United Kingdom, MasterCard has reduced its interchange fees while it is under investigation by the Office of Fair Trading.
In January 2007, the European Commission issued the results of a two-year inquiry into the retail banking sector. The report focuses on payment cards and interchange fees. Upon publishing the report, Commissioner Neelie Kroes said the "present level of interchange fees in many of the schemes we have examined does not seem justified." The report called for further study of the issue.[57]
On March 26, 2008, the European Commission opened an investigation into Visa's multilateral interchange fees for cross-border transactions within the EEA as well as into the "Honor All Cards" rule (under which merchants are required to accept all valid Visa-branded cards).[58][needs update]
The antitrust authorities of EU Member States other than the United Kingdom are also investigating MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees. For example, on January 4, 2007, the Polish Office of Competition and Consumer Protection fined twenty banks a total of PLN 164 million (about $56 million) for jointly setting MasterCard's and Visa's interchange fees.[59][60]
In December 2010, Visa reached a settlement with the European Union in yet another antitrust case, promising to reduce debit card payments to 0.2 percent of a purchase.[61] A senior official from the European Central Bank called for a break-up of the Visa/MasterCard duopoly by creation of a new European debit card for use in the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA).[62] After Visa's blocking of payments to WikiLeaks, members of the European Parliament expressed concern that payments from European citizens to a European corporation could apparently be blocked by the US, and called for a further reduction in the dominance of Visa and MasterCard in the European payment system.[63]
Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation[edit]
Main article: Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation
On November 27, 2012, a federal judge entered an order granting preliminary approval to a proposed settlement to a class-action lawsuit filed in 2005 by merchants and trade associations against Visa, MasterCard, and many credit card issuing banks. The suit was filed due to price fixing and other anti-competitive trade practices employed by MasterCard and Visa. A majority of named-class plaintiffs have objected and vowed to opt out of the settlement. Opponents object to provisions that would bar future lawsuits and even prevent merchants from opting out of significant portions of the proposed settlement. Stephen Neuwirth, a lawyer representing Home Depot, said, “It’s so obvious Visa and MasterCard were prepared to make a large payment because of the scope of the releases being given. It’s all one quid pro quo and merchants like the Home Depot are being denied the chance to opt out of that quid pro quo and say this is a bad deal.”[64]
Plaintiffs allege that Visa, MasterCard, and major credit card issuers engaged in a conspiracy to fix interchange fees, also known as swipe fees, that are charged to merchants for the privilege of accepting payment cards at artificially high levels. In their complaint, the plaintiffs also alleged that the defendants unfairly interfere with merchants from encouraging customers to use less expensive forms of payment such as lower-cost cards, cash, and checks.[64]
The settlement provides for the cash equivalent of a 10 basis-point reduction (0.1 percent) of swipe fees charged to merchants for a period of eight months. This eight-month period would probably begin in the middle of 2013. The total value of the settlement will be about $7.25 billion.[64] According to court filings, Target, Wal-Mart, Home Depot, Neiman Marcus, Saks, and 1,200 other plaintiffs oppose the settlement. A group of large merchants including Kroger, Walgreens, and Safeway have reached a separate agreement with the defendants over swipe fees.[64] The NACS, for example, harshly criticised the settlement and is urging its members to opt out.
Tom Robinson, chairman of NACS and president of Robinson Oil, said, "This proposed settlement allows the card companies to continue to dictate the prices banks charge and the rules that constrain the market including for emerging payment methods, particularly mobile payments. Consumers and merchants ultimately will pay more as a result of this agreement — without any relief in sight."[65] Josh Floum, general counsel for Visa, responded, “Our belief that the agreement will eventually receive final approval was strengthened today. As we have said from the beginning, this settlement is a fair and reasonable compromise for all parties.”[64]
In January 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled that any appeals against the settlement that received preliminary approval in November 2012 would not be heard until objections to the settlement are filed and considered by the trial court in September 2013. The practical effect of this ruling was to allow settlement notices to be sent to eligible merchants.[66]
High swipe fees in Poland[edit]
Very high interchange fee for Visa (1.5–1.6% from every transaction's final price, which also includes VAT) in Poland started discussion about legality and need for government regulations of interchange fees to avoid high costs for business (which also block electronic payment market and acceptability of cards).[67] This situation also led to the birth of new methods of payment, which avoid the need for go-between (middleman) companies like Visa or MasterCard, for example mobile application issued by major banks,[68] and system by big chain of discount shops,[69] or older public transport tickets buying systems.[70]
Confrontation with Wal-Mart over high fees[edit]
On June 16, 2016 the Wall Street Journal reported that Walmart threatened to stop accepting Visa cards in Canada. Visa objected saying that consumers should not be dragged into a dispute between the companies. [71]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]
As of October 1, 2012, Visa's headquarters are located in Foster City, California.[1] Visa had been headquartered in San Francisco until 1985, when it moved to San Mateo.[72] Around 1993, Visa began consolidating various scattered offices in San Mateo to a location in Foster City.[72] Visa became Foster City's largest employer.
In 2009, Visa moved its corporate headquarters back to San Francisco when it leased the top three floors of the 595 Market Street office building, although most of its employees remained at its Foster City campus.[73] In 2012, Visa decided to consolidate its headquarters in Foster City where 3,100 of its 7,700 global workers are employed.[1] Visa owns four buildings at the intersection of Metro Center Boulevard and Vintage Park Drive.
On December 11, 2012 Visa Inc. confirmed that it will build a global information technology center off of the US 183 Expressway in northwest Austin, Texas.[74]
Operations[edit]
Visa offers through its issuing members the following types of cards:

Debit cards (pay from a checking / savings account)
Credit cards (pay monthly payments with or without interest depending on a customer paying on time.)
Prepaid cards (pay from a cash account that has no checkwriting privileges)

Visa operates the Plus automated teller machine network and the Interlink EFTPOS point-of-sale network, which facilitate the "debit" protocol used with debit cards and prepaid cards. They also provide commercial payment solutions for small businesses, midsize and large corporations, and governments.[75]
Visa teamed with Apple in September 2014, to incorporate a new mobile wallet feature into Apple's new iPhone models, enabling users to more readily use their Visa, and other credit/debit cards.[76]
Operating regulations[edit]
Visa has a set of rules that govern the participation of financial institutions in its payment system. Acquiring banks are responsible for ensuring that their merchants comply with the rules.
Rules address how a cardholder must be identified for security, how transactions may be denied by the bank and how banks may cooperate for fraud prevention, and how to keep that identification and fraud protection standard and non-discriminatory. Other rules govern what creates an enforceable proof of authorization by the cardholder.[77]
The rules prohibit merchants from imposing a minimum or maximum purchase amount in order to accept a Visa card and from charging cardholders a fee for using a Visa card.[77] In ten U.S. states, surcharges for the use of a credit card are forbidden by law (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Kansas, Maine, Massachusetts, New York, Oklahoma and Texas) but a discount for cash is permitted under specific rules.[78] Some countries have banned the no-surcharge rule, most notably the UK[79] and Australia[80] and retailers in those countries may apply surcharges to any credit-card transaction, Visa or otherwise.
Visa permits merchants to ask for photo ID, although the merchant rule book states that this practice is discouraged. As long as the Visa card is signed, a merchant may not deny a transaction because a cardholder refuses to show a photo ID.[77]
The Dodd–Frank Act allows U.S. merchants to set a minimum purchase amount on credit card transactions, not to exceed $10.[81][82]
Recent complications include the addition of exceptions for non-signed purchases by telephone or on the Internet, and an additional security system called "Verified by Visa" for purchases on the Internet.
In September 2014, Visa Inc, launched a new service to replace account information on plastic cards with "token" - a digital account number.[83]
Visa Contactless (formerly payWave)[edit]

In September 2007, Visa introduced Visa payWave, a contactless payment technology feature that allows cardholders to wave their card in front of contactless payment terminals without the need to physically swipe or insert the card into a point-of-sale device.[84] This is similar to the MasterCard PayPass service and the American Express ExpressPay, with both using RFID technology. All three use the same symbol as shown on the right.
In Europe, Visa has introduced the V Pay card, which is a chip-only and PIN-only debit card. [85] In Australia, take up has been the highest in the world, with more than 50% of in store Visa transactions now made via Visa payWave. [86]
Visa Checkout[edit]
In 2013 Visa launched Visa Checkout, an online payment system that removes the need to share card details with retailers. The Visa Checkout service allows users to enter all their personal details and card information, then use a single username and password to make purchases from online retailers. The service works with Visa credit, debit, and prepaid cards. On November 27, 2013 V.me went live in the UK, France, Spain and Poland, with Nationwide Building Society being the first financial institution in Britain to support it,[87] although Nationwide subsequently withdrew this service in 2016.
Trademark and design[edit]
Logo design[edit]
The blue and gold in Visa's logo were chosen to represent the blue sky and gold-colored hills of California, where the Bank of America was founded.
In 2005, Visa changed its logo, removing the horizontal stripes in favor of a simple white background with the name Visa in blue with an orange flick on the 'V'.[88] The orange flick was removed in favor of the logo being a solid blue gradient in 2014. In 2015, the gold and blue stripes were restored as card branding on Visa Debit and Visa Electron, although not as the company's logotype.[89]
Card design[edit]




The hologram


In 1984, most Visa cards around the world began to feature a hologram of a dove on its face, generally under the last four digits of the Visa number. This was implemented as a security feature - true holograms would appear three-dimensional and the image would change as the card was turned. At the same time, the Visa logo, which had previously covered the whole card face, was reduced in size to a strip on the card's right incorporating the hologram. This allowed issuing banks to customize the appearance of the card. Similar changes were implemented with MasterCard cards. Today, cards may be co-branded with various merchants, airlines, etc., and marketed as "reward cards".
On older Visa cards, holding the face of the card under an ultraviolet light will reveal the dove picture, dubbed the Ultra-Sensitive Dove,[90] as an additional security test. (On newer Visa cards, the UV dove is replaced by a small V over the Visa logo.)
Beginning in 2005, the Visa standard was changed to allow for the hologram to be placed on the back of the card, or to be replaced with a holographic magnetic stripe ("HoloMag").[91] The HoloMag card was shown to occasionally cause interference with card readers, so Visa eventually withdrew designs of HoloMag cards and reverted to traditional magnetic strips.[92]
Sponsorships[edit]
Olympics and Paralympics[edit]

Visa has been a worldwide sponsor of the Olympic Games since 1986 and the International Paralympic Committee since 2002. Visa is the only card accepted at all Olympic and Paralympic venues. Its current contract with the International Olympic Committee and International Paralympic Committee as the exclusive services sponsor will continue through 2020 and 2016 respectively.[93] This includes the Singapore 2010 Youth Olympic Games, London 2012 Olympic Games, the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games, the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Olympic Games, the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Winter Games, and the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
Visa extended its partnership with the International Paralympic Committee through 2014, which includes the 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Winter Games, the 2012 London Paralympic Games and 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games. In 2002, Visa became the first global sponsor of the IPC.[94]

Others[edit]

Visa was the jersey sponsor of Argentina's national basketball team at the 2015 FIBA Americas Championship in Mexico City.[95]
Visa is the shirt sponsor for the Argentina national rugby union team, nicknamed the Pumas. Also, Visa sponsors the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana, the most important football club tournaments in South America.
Until 2005, Visa was the exclusive sponsor of the Triple Crown thoroughbred tournament.
Visa sponsored the Rugby World Cup, and the 2007 tournament in France was its last.[96]
In 2007, Visa became sponsor of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. The FIFA partnership provides Visa with global rights to a broad range of FIFA activities - including both the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup and the FIFA Women's World Cup.
Since 1995, Visa has sponsored the U.S. National Football League (NFL) and a number of NFL teams, including the San Francisco 49ers whose practice jerseys display the Visa logo.[97] Visa's sponsorship of the NFL extended through the 2014 season.[98]
Starting from the 2012 season, Visa became a partner of the Caterham F1 Team. Visa is also known for motorsport sponsorship in the past: it sponsored PacWest Racing's IndyCar team in 1995 and 1996, with drivers Danny Sullivan and Mark Blundell respectively.[99]
Visa is currently a jersey sponsor of professional gaming (eSports) team SK Gaming for 2017[100]

See also[edit]





China UnionPay
CIBIL
Damage waiver
Entrust Bankcard





Electronics portal
San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



RuPay
Visa Buxx
Visa Debit
Visa Electron





References[edit]


^ a b c Leuty, Ron (September 13, 2012). "Visa moving headquarters from San Francisco to Foster City". San Francisco Business Times. Retrieved February 27, 2013. [Visa] said Thursday that it is closing its headquarters in San Francisco and moving about 100 employees back to its Foster City campus, effective Oct. 1. [...] The bulk of the company's employees—3,100 of more than 7,700 worldwide... are in Foster City. 
^ a b c d e f "2015 Form 10-K, Visa Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Visa Inc. at a Glance" (PDF). Visa Inc. Retrieved April 25, 2015. 
^ Visa. Retrieved March 26, 2010.
^ a b Fisher, Daniel (2015-05-25). "Visa Moves at the Speed of Money". Forbes. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ "Inside Visa's Data Center | Network Computing". www.networkcomputing.com. Retrieved 2016-05-01. 
^ Swartz, Jon (25 March 2012). "Top secret Visa data center banks on security, even has moat". USA Today. McLean, VA. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b "UnionPay takes top spot from Visa in $22 trillion global cards market - RBR". Finextra. London: Finextra Research Limited. 22 July 2016. 
^ "History of Visa". Retrieved March 19, 2013. 
^ Joseph Nocera, A Piece of the Action: How The Middle Class Joined the Money Class (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1995), 23.
^ Nocera, 23-24.
^ a b c Nocera, 24.
^ Nocera, 24-25.
^ Nocera, 25.
^ Nocera, 29.
^ Nocera, 29-30.
^ Nocera, 30-31.
^ Nocera, 30.
^ a b Nocera, 31.
^ Nocera, 32.
^ Nocera, 30-33.
^ "History of Visa", Visa Latin America & Caribbean. Archived November 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Unsolicited Credit Card Act of 1970 amended the Truth in Lending Act of 1968 to ban the mailing of unsolicited credit cards. It is now codified at 15 U.S.C. § 1642.
^ Nocera, 15.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on August 26, 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Nocera, 89-92.
^ Nocera, 90-93.
^ Batiz-Lazo, Bernardo; del Angel, Gustavo (2016), The Dawn of the Plastic Jungle: The Introduction of the Credit Card in Europe and North America, 1950-1975, Hoover Institution, p. 18 
^ "BofA resurrects Bankamericard brand", San Francisco Business Times.
^ Visa, Inc. Corporate Site.
^ "Visa plans stock market floatation", BBC News - Business, October 12, 2006.
^ Bawden, Tom. "Visa plans to split into two and float units for $13bn.", The Times, October 12, 2006.
^ Bruno, Joel Bel. "Visa Reveals Plan to Restructure for IPO", Associated Press, June 22, 2007.
^ "Visa, Inc. Complete Global Restructuring", Visa, Inc. Press Release, October 3, 2007.
^ "Visa files for $10 billion IPO", Reuters, November 9, 2007.
^ "Visa plans a $19 billion initial public offering". The Economist. February 25, 2008.
^ Benner, Katie. "Visa's $15 billion IPO: Feast or famine?", Fortune via CNNMoney, March 18, 2008.
^ "Visa Inc. Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option", Visa Inc. Press Release, March 20, 2008.[dead link]
^ "Visa IPO Seeks MasterCard Riches", TheStreet.com, February 2, 2008.
^ "Visa Europe members exploring sale to Visa - WSJ". Reuters. March 19, 2013. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "FAQs". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved July 18, 2013. 
^ "Press Release - Visa Inc. to Acquire Visa Europe". Visaeurope.com. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Visa Inc. Reaches Preliminary Agreement to Amend Transaction With Visa Europe". Visa Inc. 21 April 2016. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ "Press Release | Visa Corporate | Visa Inc.". pressreleases.visa.com. Retrieved 2016-06-24. 
^ BBC News. Retrieved December 8, 2010.
^ a b No proof WikiLeaks breaking law, inquiry finds, Associated Press (January 26, 2011) Archived January 29, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Wikileaks' IT firm says it will sue Visa and Mastercard". BBC News. December 8, 2010. Retrieved December 8, 2010. 
^ Adams, Richard; Weaver, Matthew (December 8, 2010). "WikiLeaks: the day cyber warfare broke out - as it happened" – via The Guardian. 
^ UNifeed Geneva/Pillay, UN Web site. Retrieved on December 15, 2010.
^ Zetter, Kim (July 12, 2012). "WikiLeaks Wins Icelandic Court Battle Against Visa for Blocking Donations | Threat Level". Wired.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint,U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Home Depot USA Inc." (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "ATM Operators File Antitrust Lawsuit Against Visa and MasterCard" (Press release). PR Newswire. October 12, 2011. 
^ "Visa Check/MasterMoney Antitrust Litigation", Web Site. Archived April 28, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ marketplace.publicradio.org Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mallory Duncan (July 10, 2012). "Credit Card Market Is Unfair, Noncompetitive". Roll Call. 
^ "Commission exempts multilateral interchange fees for cross-border Visa card payments" (Press release). European Commission. July 24, 2002. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Competition: Commission sector inquiry finds major competition barriers in retail banking" (Press release). European Commission. January 31, 2007. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ "Antitrust: Commission initiates formal proceedings against Visa Europe Limited" (Press release). European Commission. March 26, 2008. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ UOKIK. "UOKiK - Home". www.uokik.gov.pl. 
^ "Sector inquiry in the banking sector". February 8, 2007. 
^ 2010-12-08T17:04:18Z, Aoife White-. "Visa Europe Settles EU Antitrust Case, Reduces Fees" – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ "Forexhound.com - The Forex Trading Portal". www.forexhound.com. 
^ "Trouw.nl". 
^ a b c d e Visa, MasterCard $7.25 Billion Fee Deal Wins Approval. Businessweek. Retrieved on October 30, 2013.
^ Visa, MasterCard in $7.3 billion settlement over credit card fees. NBC News.com (July 13, 2012). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ Swipe Fee Settlement Appeal Delayed Until This Fall - In the Courts - Convenience Store News. Csnews.com (January 31, 2013). Retrieved on 2013-10-30.
^ "Rynek kart czekają zmiany (wersja do druku)" (in Polish). Ekonomia24.pl. Archived from the original on April 16, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "IKO: rewolucyjny system płatności mobilnej od PKO BP - Banki - WP.PL". Banki. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Płatności mobilne w Biedronce - Tech - WP.PL". Tech. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Mobile Payments - Bilet w komórce". Skycash.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Sidel, Robin (June 16, 2016). "Visa Defends Fees in Wal-Mart Canada Dispute" – via www.wsj.com. 
^ a b "Visa finds a passport to the future San Mateo Company bets on 'SMART' cards that will exchange information, not just money." San Jose Mercury News. Monday August 7, 1995. 1F Business. Retrieved on February 2, 2011. "Visa's headquarters remained in San Francisco until 1985, when it relocated to San Mateo. Then, two years ago, it began consolidating scattered sites throughout San Mateo in nearby Foster City with [...]".
^ "Week in review." The Daily Journal. January 3, 2009. Retrieved on February 2, 2011.
^ Ladendorf, Kirk (December 11, 2012). "Visa confirms plans for Austin offices". Austin American-Statesman. Archived from the original on December 15, 2012. Retrieved February 27, 2013. 
^ "Synovus Selects Visa's Plus and Interlink as Primary Debit Network Providers", AllBusiness, April 6, 2004. Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Apple teams with payment networks to turn iPhone into wallet". San Diego News. Net. September 1, 2014. Retrieved September 1, 2014. 
^ a b c "Visa Rules for Merchants", Orion Payment Systems, Retrieved July 2, 2010.
^ "Visa USA Inc". 
^ "Statutory Instrument 1990 No. 2159: The Credit Cards (Price Discrimination) Order 1990.", UK Office of Public Sector Information, October 31, 1990.
^ "Reforms to Payment Card Surcharging.", Reserve Bank of Australia. Archived March 28, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Visa USA | Global | Error - Page Not Found". usa.visa.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Emboldened, Merchants Expected To Push Cheaper Payments|PaymentsSource". paymentssource.com. Retrieved September 14, 2014. 
^ "Visa launches new service to secure online payments", Investing.com, Retrieved September 10, 2014.
^ "New Visa payWave Issuers and Merchants Sign Up for Faster, More Convenient Payments". Archived from the original on January 2, 2008. 
^ "V PAY - your European debit card". Archived from the original on May 17, 2007. 
^ "Why do Australians lead the way in contactless payments?". 
^ Sparkes, Matthew (November 27, 2013). "Visa launch V.me digital wallet service". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "Hot Topic: A Brand Evolution.", Visa Corporate Press Release, January 2007.
^ http://www.payu.pl/sites/default/files/pliki graficzne/visa new.zip
^ "Payment Cards Fraud and Merchants". 
^ "HoloMag Introduced.", SEC.GOV Web Site.
^ "American Bank Note Holographics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2005 Financial Results" (PDF) (Press release). Robbinsville, NJ. March 31, 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 27, 2008. On March 14, 2006, Visa informed the Company ... that it is discontinuing the use of the current version of HoloMag based on what Visa describes as an infrequently occurring technical problem at the point of sale 
^ Visa Sponsors Third Paralympic Hall of Fame Induction, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ Visa Worldwide Partners, International Paralympic Committee (IPC)
^ 2015 FIBA Americas Championship - Argentina, FIBA.com, Retrieved March 14, 2016.
^ Visa terminates global Rugby World Cup sponsorship, Brand Republic, April 17, 2008
^ "Newsroom - Visa". corporate.visa.com. 
^ Visa, NFL Give Credit Where Credit is Due, NYSportsJournalism.com, September 22, 2009
^ "caterhamf1.com". 
^ "SK Gaming announces partnership with VISA - Article - TSN". January 6, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Visa Inc..



Official Visa.com website (in most cases, will automatically redirect to a localized version of Visa.com based on the user's location)
Official Visa corporate profile
Visa Europe



Business data for Visa: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Credit, charge and debit cards



Major cards



American Express
Diners Club
MasterCard

Debit MasterCard
Maestro


Visa

Visa Debit
Visa Electron







Regional and
specialty cards



Bancomat
BC Card
BCA Card
Carte Bleue
China UnionPay
Dankort
Discover
EFTPOS
Electronic Payment Services (EPS)
Girocard
Interac
JCB
Mir
MEPS
NETS
RuPay
UATP
V Pay
Verve





Defunct cards



Access
Bankcard
Carte Blanche
Choice
enRoute
Eurocard
Everything
Laser
Rail Travel Card
Revolution Card
Solo
Switch





Accounts



Payment card number
Card enclosure
Credit card balance transfer
Credit limit
Installment credit
Revolving account
Deposit account

Current/checking account
Savings account







Debt



Cash advance
Charge-off
Maxed out





Interest



Grace period
Introductory rate
Universal default





Payment



Card not present transaction
Chargeback
Controlled payment number
Dispute





Interchange fee



Interchange fee
Surcharge





Security



Card security code
Chargeback fraud
Credit card fraud
Credit card hijacking
Enculturation





Technology



Cash machine
Chip and PIN
Contactless payment
Credit card terminal
EMV
Interbank network
Magnetic stripe card
Smart card










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Visa_Inc.&oldid=792818757"					
Categories: Financial services companies of the United KingdomCredit cardsDebit cardsCredit card issuer associationsCredit card terminologyCompanies based in LondonCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1958 establishments in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoCompanies established in 1958Contactless smart cardsFinancial services companies of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFinancial District, San Francisco2008 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2016CS1 Polish-language sources (pl)Wikipedia introduction cleanup from December 2016All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from December 2016All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles with unsourced statements from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from February 2012Wikipedia articles in need of updating from February 2015All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaUse American English from February 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from April 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתКыргызчаLietuviųമലയാളംNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 22:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Company Salaries | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Search salaries and compensationKeywordLocation SalariesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchUpload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeNEW!Who are the Highest Rated CEOs in 2017?  See the winnersHighest Rated CEOs 2017 See the winnersKnow your worth. Get paid fairly.Get a free personalized salary estimate based on your work history and today's job market. Use Know Your Worth™ to compare your pay to people like you and find out if you're getting paid fairly.Get Your EstimateWhat's New at GlassdoorAre You Paid Fairly? See Your Market Worth in SecondsReceive a custom salary estimate based on your title, company, location, and experience.Get Your Estimate20 Companies Hiring Like Crazy in July With positions spanning industries from tech to construction and beyond, there’s something for everyone.Read ArticleGlassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards 2017Glassdoor's annual Employees' Choice Awards honor the Best Places to Work acress North America and parts of Europe.See the 2017 ListPopular SalariesPhysical Therapist SalariesDental Hygienist SalariesMedical Assistant SalariesFirefighter SalariesRegistered Nurse SalariesMoreFlight Attendant SalariesDental Assistant SalariesAccountant SalariesTeacher SalariesEMT SalariesNurse SalariesSoftware Engineer SalariesArchitect SalariesPsychologist SalariesParalegal SalariesCNA SalariesPhlebotomist SalariesPharmacy Technician SalariesVeterinarian SalariesEngineer SalariesElectrical Engineer SalariesMechanical Engineer SalariesUltrasound Technician SalariesPolice Officer SalariesCompany SalariesLessHighest SalariesNeurosurgeon SalariesOrthopedic Surgeon SalariesCardiologist SalariesPlastic Surgeon SalariesDermatologist SalariesMoreRadiologist SalariesAnesthesiologist SalariesOrthodontist SalariesSurgeon SalariesNurse Anesthetist SalariesPsychiatrist SalariesPhysician SalariesDoctor SalariesPresident SalariesNeurologist SalariesCRNA SalariesPediatrician SalariesLawyer SalariesDentist SalariesPharmacist SalariesOptometrist SalariesActuary SalariesPhysician Assistant SalariesNurse Practitioner SalariesMore SalariesLessNew SalariesElectrician SalariesSocial Worker SalariesParamedic SalariesWeb Developer SalariesCPA SalariesMoreTruck Driver SalariesOccupational Therapist SalariesComputer Science SalariesRespiratory Therapist SalariesSurgical Tech SalariesVet Tech SalariesChiropractor SalariesPhysical Therapy Assistant SalariesNutritionist SalariesReal Estate Agent SalariesComputer Engineer SalariesSonographer SalariesMarine Biologist SalariesPhysical Therapist Assistant SalariesCivil Engineer SalariesGraphic Designer SalariesX-Ray Tech SalariesFinancial Advisor SalariesWelder SalariesSalary CalculatorLessSalary AdviceSalary NegotiationHow to Ask for A RaiseHidden Strategies For Getting A Pay RaiseCommon Interview QuestionsHow to Write a Cover LetterMoreHow to Get a JobHow to Negotiate Your Starting SalaryThings To Think About Before Giving A Salary RangeWhat is a Good SalaryHow to Calculate SalaryHow to Handle a Salary Counter OfferHow to Double your SalaryBonus or Salary Increase?Career Do's and Dont’s For Every Job SeekerSteps to Land your Dream JobHow To Quit Your JobHow to Land Your First JobHow To Avoid job Search BurnoutUltimate Interview Prep ChecklistHow to Keep Employers Interested After an InterviewWhat To Do If You're Underpaid?Why "Work-Life Balance" is ImportantThings to Consider When Asking for a RaiseShould I Always Accept a Promotion?More AdviceLess


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Product Management Director Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Product Management Director ReviewsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchProduct Management Director Reviews Showing 1–10 of 198 Companies Oracle 3.4StarStarStarStarStar   www.oracle.comwww.oracle.com / Redwood City, CAAdd a Review3.4StarStarStarStarStar 63% recommended to a friend 15k Reviews 29k Salaries 3.3k Inter­views“Director Product Management” See all Reviews Many opportunities to move laterally within the company Great people Good benefits Solid company Reasonable balance between work and private life See all Reviews Yahoo 3.8StarStarStarStarStar   www.yahoo.com Part of Verizonwww.yahoo.com / Sunnyvale, CAAdd a Review3.8StarStarStarStarStar 68% recommended to a friend 3.2k Reviews 7.4k Salaries 997 Inter­views“Great people” See all Reviews Super talented people, ton of product opportunity, winning in multiple categories, hunger to do great things See all Reviews Microsoft 4.0StarStarStarStarStar   www.microsoft.comwww.microsoft.com / Redmond, WAAdd a Review4.0StarStarStarStarStar 84% recommended to a friend 17k Reviews 43k Salaries 6.6k Inter­views“Great Experience at Microsoft” See all Reviews People, benefits, location. Hard problems, great scope and scale, limitless budget. It was easy to get traction in teams when you had good ideas and... See all Reviews eBay 3.7StarStarStarStarStar   www.ebayinc.comwww.ebayinc.com / San Jose, CAAdd a Review3.7StarStarStarStarStar 74% recommended to a friend 2.3k Reviews 4.6k Salaries 654 Inter­views“Great company to work” See all Reviews Good pay, interesting projects, good benefits See all Reviews ADP 3.5StarStarStarStarStar   jobs.adp.comjobs.adp.com / Roseland, NJAdd a Review3.5StarStarStarStarStar 68% recommended to a friend 5.3k Reviews 7.7k Salaries 1.9k Inter­views“Great place to work if you are among the selected few” See all Reviews Multiple opportunities available from entry level thru to senior leadership. Several divisions available, several various types of roles as well... See all Reviews Visa Inc. 3.0StarStarStarStarStar   www.visa.comwww.visa.com / Foster City, CAAdd a Review3.0StarStarStarStarStar 47% recommended to a friend 1.9k Reviews 3.2k Salaries 642 Inter­views“Good company, but slow to change” See all Reviews Good pay, work life balance See all Reviews First Data 2.9StarStarStarStarStar   www.firstdata.comwww.firstdata.com / New York, 061Add a Review2.9StarStarStarStarStar 43% recommended to a friend 1.8k Reviews 1.7k Salaries 262 Inter­views“Change is not always good” See all Reviews I have worked with remarkably capable, creative, determined, and collaborative individuals at many levels within the organization for a very long... See all Reviews Intuit 4.2StarStarStarStarStar   www.intuit.comwww.intuit.com / Mountain View, CAAdd a Review4.2StarStarStarStarStar 86% recommended to a friend 3.3k Reviews 4.7k Salaries 754 Inter­views“Amazing company solving big customer problems” See all Reviews Extremely employee and customer focused. Amazing talent to work with and learn from. Delivers continual leading innovation to make a difference in... See all Reviews Rovi 3.1StarStarStarStarStar   www.rovicorp.comwww.rovicorp.com / San Carlos, CAAdd a Review3.1StarStarStarStarStar 44% recommended to a friend 360 Reviews 551 Salaries 55 Inter­views“A company with no leadership” See all Reviews The people that I work with are very hard working, accountable and great to work with. See all Reviews American Express 3.8StarStarStarStarStar   www.americanexpress.comwww.americanexpress.com / New York, NYAdd a Review3.8StarStarStarStarStar 76% recommended to a friend 5.0k Reviews 6.8k Salaries 1.4k Inter­views“Product Management Director” See all Reviews - Work-life balance - Culture supportive of transition / career progress - Employee benefits See all ReviewsReviews > Product Management DirectorPrevious12345Next Related Job SearchDirector jobsDirector salaries ($137k)Product Manager jobsProduct Manager salaries ($103k)Senior Product Manager jobsSenior Product Manager salaries ($131k)Director of Product Management jobsDirector of Product Management salaries ($153k)Senior Director jobsSenior Director salaries ($173k)Senior Manager jobsSenior Manager salaries ($130k)Vice President jobsVice President salaries ($148k)Director Product Management jobsDirector Product Management salaries ($158k)Product Management Director jobsProduct Management Director salaries ($166k)Senior Software Engineer jobsSenior Software Engineer salaries ($110k)Manager jobsManager salaries ($88k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Principal Product Manager jobsPrincipal Product Manager salaries ($137k)Project Manager jobsProject Manager salaries ($90k)Program Manager jobsProgram Manager salaries ($100k)Senior Director Product Management jobsSenior Director Product Management salaries ($196k)Senior Product Marketing Manager jobsSenior Product Marketing Manager salaries ($136k)Product Marketing Manager jobsProduct Marketing Manager salaries ($112k)Senior Project Manager jobsSenior Project Manager salaries ($111k)Interested in a New Job?Upload a resume to mobile apply.num of numClose (Esc)
Visa Inc. Product Manager Salaries | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Visa Inc. SalariesKeywordLocation SalariesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc)See All PhotosSee All Photos Visa Inc. Engaged EmployerOverview Overview 1.9k Reviews 384 Jobs 3.2k Salaries 642 Inter­views 885 Benefits 49 PhotosFollowAdd a SalaryFollowAdd a SalaryVisa Inc. Product Manager Salaries Updated Jul 27, 2017 12 salaries- Any Experience -< 1 Year1-3 Years4-6 Years7-9 Years10+ YearsUS - All Cities– San Francisco, CA Area (includes HQ)– Denver, CO Area– Miami-Fort Lauderdale, FL AreaCanada - All CitiesIndia - All CitiesUK - All CitiesSearch Base Salary $116,311▶ $96k $132kTotal Compensation▶ $130,386 $96k $163k Profit Sharing, Commission Sharing, Tips have not been reported for this role.  Base Salary Total Compensation $116,311 $96k $132k $130,386 $96k $163kAdditional Compensation AverageMinMax Additional Compensation Cash Bonus (9) $11,704 $6k $15k Cash Bonus (9) $11,704 $6k $15k Stock Bonus (4) $8,854 $8k $10k Stock Bonus (4) $8,854 $8k $10k Related Searches: All Product Manager Salaries  All Visa Inc. Salaries Related Searches: All Product Manager SalariesAll Visa Inc. Salaries The typical Visa Inc. Product Manager salary is $116,311. Product Manager salaries at Visa Inc. can range from $95,714 - $132,080. This estimate is based upon 12 Visa Inc. Product Manager salary report(s) provided by employees or estimated based upon statistical methods. When factoring in bonuses and additional compensation, a Product Manager at Visa Inc. can expect to make an average total pay of $130,386 . See all Product Manager salaries to learn how this stacks up in the market. Know Your WorthGet a free, personalized salary estimate.Get StartedSalaries > Product Manager > Visa Inc.</>EmbedGet Email UpdatesJob Title or KeywordsLocationEmail addressCreate AlertCreatingOne more step! Please check your email to activate the job alert.Your job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseVisa Inc. BenefitsHealth InsuranceHealth Insurance(106 comments) “Health insurance is decent offering different plans to choose from. You've HSA and FSA options and Cigna and Kaiser plans which I believe are...” 401K Plan401K Plan(79 comments) “company matches up to a percentage” Vacation & Paid Time OffVacation & Paid Time Off(61 comments) “21 days to start and can accumulate to 200%” Visa Inc. Photos Have you worked here?Share a PhotoSee All PhotosSee AllView Allnum of numClose (Esc)Explore Product Manager SalariesProduct Manager Salaries by LocationSan Francisco, CALooking beyond Visa Inc.? Check out the latest Product Manager Jobs or see Product Manager Salaries at other companies.See if they're hiring! Check out the latest Visa Inc. JobsDon't Miss Out On a Job You LoveUpload a resume to easily apply to jobs from anywhere. It's simple to set up. Visa Inc. Careers Everyone knows Visa, but few get to shape it. As the world’s leading payments network, Visa is driving economic growth and improving lives...    – More Experience Community New Grad/InternThis is the employer's chance to tell you why you should work for them. The information provided is from their perspective.Company Updates We've opened a brand new, state-of-the-art Health Center for our employees right on on Visa's Foster City Campus! Check it out here http://glassdoor.com/slink.htm?key=vQP1a—30+ days agoVisa USA | Visa Everywhere | Global Impact | Visa's Brand New Health Center for Employees 347 Visa interns from 14 offices from around the world showed their Visa pride over two days of learning, collaboration, and fun! Check out the article and see the video here - http://glassdoor.com/slink.htm?key=vQewb—11 days agoDestination Everywhere: 2017 Global Intern SummitSee AllSee All Job Seekers Also ViewedMastercard SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 948 ReviewsAmerican Express SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 5,046 ReviewsOracle SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 15,399 ReviewsApple SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 10,744 ReviewsFacebook SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 2,131 ReviewsAmazon SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 15,907 ReviewsSalesforce SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 3,177 ReviewsVisa Europe SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 194 ReviewsCisco Systems SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 12,462 ReviewsIBM SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 31,134 ReviewsVMware SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 3,106 ReviewsGenentech SalariesStarStarStarStarStar 1,736 Reviews Related Job SearchSenior Product Manager jobsSenior Product Manager salaries ($131k)Project Manager jobsProject Manager salaries ($90k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Director jobsDirector salaries ($137k)Program Manager jobsProgram Manager salaries ($100k)Associate Product Manager jobsAssociate Product Manager salaries ($75k)Manager jobsManager salaries ($88k)Business Analyst jobsBusiness Analyst salaries ($66k)Senior Software Engineer jobsSenior Software Engineer salaries ($110k)Analyst jobsAnalyst salaries ($67k)Account Manager jobsAccount Manager salaries ($52k)Senior Manager jobsSenior Manager salaries ($130k)Consultant jobsConsultant salaries ($82k)Associate jobsAssociate salaries ($92k)Vice President jobsVice President salaries ($148k)Product Marketing Manager jobsProduct Marketing Manager salaries ($112k)Marketing Manager jobsMarketing Manager salaries ($83k)Account Executive jobsAccount Executive salaries ($47k)Intern jobsIntern salaries ($33k)Senior Consultant jobsSenior Consultant salaries ($103k)
Salary: Product Manager | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager SalariesKeywordLocation SalariesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchProduct Manager Salaries 15,444 Salaries Updated Jul 22, 2017 National Avg $103,124MinMax $66k $141k San Jose, CA Area Avg $128,905MinMax $94k $160k Your Market Worth$XX,XXX Get a free, personalized salary estimate based on today's marketKnow Your WorthHow much does a Product Manager make? The average Product Manager salary is $103,124. Filter by location to see Product Manager salaries in your area. Salary estimates are based on 36,020 salaries submitted anonymously to Glassdoor by Product Manager employees.  Find a Job like this About This DataSalaries by Company Sort: PopularMost ReportsSalaryFilter Sort: PopularMost ReportsSalary Salaries in $ (USD)AverageMinMaxProduct Manager Cisco Systems 261 salaries$141,677 per year $93k $185k$141,677 per year $93k $185kProduct Manager Google 243 salaries$148,088 per year $44k $237k$148,088 per year $44k $237kProduct Manager Microsoft 205 salaries$116,673 per year $74k $205k$116,673 per year $74k $205kLooking for a specific employer?SearchProduct Manager Amazon 152 salaries$115,286 per year $62k $183k$115,286 per year $62k $183kProduct Manager IBM 108 salaries$114,007 per year $54k $218k$114,007 per year $54k $218kProduct Manager Thomson Reuters 100 salaries$108,211 per year $67k $195k$108,211 per year $67k $195k Is this helpful? The community relies on everyone sharing – Add Anonymous SalaryProduct Manager Yahoo 85 salaries$121,764 per year $87k $183k$121,764 per year $87k $183kProduct Manager Oracle 84 salaries$106,846 per year $59k $159k$106,846 per year $59k $159kProduct Manager eBay 81 salaries$112,778 per year $72k $158k$112,778 per year $72k $158kProduct Manager Hewlett-Packard 78 salaries$114,588 per year $62k $163k$114,588 per year $62k $163kProduct Manager Intuit 76 salaries$112,574 per year $82k $140k$112,574 per year $82k $140kProduct Manager Zynga 76 salaries$123,392 per year $84k $163k$123,392 per year $84k $163kProduct Manager Facebook 67 salaries$146,581 per year $90k $205k$146,581 per year $90k $205kProduct Manager Victoria's Secret Stores 49 salaries$40,435 per year $30k $67k$40,435 per year $30k $67kProduct Manager Adobe 49 salaries$133,436 per year $101k $171k$133,436 per year $101k $171kProduct Manager Target 44 salaries$99,413 per year $74k $143k$99,413 per year $74k $143kProduct Manager Autodesk 44 salaries$122,284 per year $61k $173k$122,284 per year $61k $173kProduct Manager Rain Bird 39 salaries$129,907 per year $108k $165k$129,907 per year $108k $165kProduct Manager Sears 36 salaries$103,131 per year $65k $142k$103,131 per year $65k $142kProduct Manager Motorola Mobility 35 salaries$112,312 per year $84k $140k$112,312 per year $84k $140kProduct Manager SalariesJob Title SalaryCisco Systems Product Manager $141,677Google Product Manager $148,088Microsoft Product Manager $116,673Amazon Product Manager $115,286IBM Product Manager $114,007Thomson Reuters Product Manager $108,211Yahoo Product Manager $121,764Oracle Product Manager $106,846eBay Product Manager $112,778Hewlett-Packard Product Manager $114,588Intuit Product Manager $112,574Zynga Product Manager $123,392Facebook Product Manager $146,581Victoria's Secret Stores Product Manager $40,435Adobe Product Manager $133,436Target Product Manager $99,413Autodesk Product Manager $122,284Rain Bird Product Manager $129,907Sears Product Manager $103,131Motorola Mobility Product Manager $112,312Previous12345NextSalaries > Product ManagerView Data as Table</>EmbedRecent Salary ReportsBelow are the most recent Product Manager salary reports. Employer name has been removed to protect anonymity.$180,000per year A Product Manager in the Boston, MA Area area reported making $180,000 per yearJob Highlights10+ years experienceBoston, MA Area areaFull-time 1001 to 5000 employeesSubsidiary or Business Segment$100,000per year A Product Manager in the Charlotte, NC Area area reported making $100,000 per yearJob Highlights1-2 years experienceCharlotte, NC Area area Full-timeSubsidiary or Business Segment$85,000per year A Product Manager in the Washington, DC Area area reported making $85,000 per yearJob Highlights3-4 years experienceWashington, DC Area areaFull-time 10000+ employeesNonprofit Organization$105,000per year A Product Manager in the New York City, NY Area area reported making $105,000 per yearJob Highlights3-4 years experienceNew York City, NY Area areaFull-time 201 to 500 employeesCompany - Private$75,000per year A Product Manager in the Los Angeles, CA Area area reported making $75,000 per yearAdditional Pay$20k commissionsJob Highlights8-10 years experienceLos Angeles, CA Area areaFull-time 5001 to 10000 employeesCompany - PrivateShow More$125,000per year A Product Manager in the New York City, NY Area area reported making $125,000 per yearJob Highlights3-4 years experienceNew York City, NY Area areaFull-time 51 to 200 employeesCompany - Private$85,000per year A Product Manager in the Iowa City, IA Area area reported making $85,000 per yearJob Highlights10+ years experienceIowa City, IA Area areaFull-time 1001 to 5000 employeesNonprofit Organization$98,000per year A Product Manager in the New York City, NY Area area reported making $98,000 per yearAdditional Pay$3k cash bonusJob Highlights5-7 years experienceNew York City, NY Area areaFull-time 10000+ employeesSubsidiary or Business Segment$112,000per year A Product Manager in the Salt Lake City, UT Area area reported making $112,000 per yearAdditional Pay$1 cash bonus$1 stock bonus$1 profit sharingJob Highlights8-10 years experienceSalt Lake City, UT Area areaFull-time 10000+ employeesCompany - PublicShow LessExplore MoreSalaries of Related Job TitlesSenior Product ManagerProduct Marketing ManagerSenior Product Marketing ManagerAssociate Product ManagerProduct Development ManagerProduct Line ManagerRelated LocationsSan Francisco, CANew York City, NYSan Jose, CASeattle, WAChicago, ILBoston, MADon't Miss Out On a Job You LoveUpload a resume to easily apply to jobs from anywhere. It's simple to set up. Related Job SearchSenior Product Manager jobsSenior Product Manager salaries ($131k)Project Manager jobsProject Manager salaries ($90k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Director jobsDirector salaries ($137k)Program Manager jobsProgram Manager salaries ($100k)Associate Product Manager jobsAssociate Product Manager salaries ($75k)Manager jobsManager salaries ($88k)Business Analyst jobsBusiness Analyst salaries ($66k)Senior Software Engineer jobsSenior Software Engineer salaries ($110k)Analyst jobsAnalyst salaries ($67k)Account Manager jobsAccount Manager salaries ($52k)Senior Manager jobsSenior Manager salaries ($130k)Consultant jobsConsultant salaries ($82k)Associate jobsAssociate salaries ($92k)Vice President jobsVice President salaries ($148k)Product Marketing Manager jobsProduct Marketing Manager salaries ($112k)Marketing Manager jobsMarketing Manager salaries ($83k)Account Executive jobsAccount Executive salaries ($47k)Intern jobsIntern salaries ($33k)Senior Consultant jobsSenior Consultant salaries ($103k)Your job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:Close Notify me of new salaries for:editEnter job titleEnter locationEnter your email addresscreatingGoto your EmailCreate Alert
Visa Inc. Product Management Director Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Visa Inc. ReviewsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc)See All PhotosSee All Photos Visa Inc. Engaged EmployerOverview Overview 1.9k Reviews 384 Jobs 3.2k Salaries 642 Inter­views 885 Benefits 49 PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a Review Visa Inc. Product Management Director Reviews Updated May 7, 20178 reviewsFilterFilterProduct Management DirectorJob TitleLocationLocationWorldwideUS - All Cities– San Francisco, CA Area (includes HQ)– Austin, TX Area– Baltimore, MD Area– Boulder, CO Area– Charlotte, NC Area– Denver, CO Area– Houston, TX Area– Los Angeles, CA Area– Miami-Fort Lauderdale, FL Area– New York City, NY Area– Provo, UT Area– Raleigh-Durham, NC Area– Salt Lake City, UT Area– San Diego, CA Area– San Jose, CA Area– Seattle, WA Area– Washington, DC AreaAustralia - All Cities– Melbourne Area– Sydney AreaBrazil - All Cities– Sao Paulo AreaCanada - All Cities– Montreal, QC Area– Toronto, ON AreaChina - All Cities– Shanghai AreaFrance - All Cities– Paris AreaHong Kong - All Cities– Yung Shue Wan AreaIndia - All Cities– Bangalore Area– Bangalore Rural– Chennai Area– Guntur– Hyderabad Area– Mumbai AreaMexico - All Cities– Mexico City AreaPhilippines - All Cities– Asia– Manil– Manila AreaRussia - All Cities– Moscow AreaSingapore - All Cities– Singapore AreaSouth Africa - All Cities– Cape Town Area– Johannesburg AreaSouth Korea - All Cities– Seoul AreaThailand - All Cities– Bangkok AreaUganda - All Cities– Kampala AreaUkraine - All Cities– Kiev AreaUnited Arab Emirates - All Cities– Dubai AreaUK - All Cities– London Area– Reading AreaVietnam - All Cities– Ho Chi Minh AreaEmployment StatusFull-timeContractFreelancePart-timeInternCurrent EmployeeClear AllApply FiltersClear AllVisa Inc.83.9StarStarStarStarStar[]trueRating TrendsRating TrendsRecommend to a friendApprove of CEOAlfred F. Kelly, Jr.1 RatingClose Your trust is our top concern, so companies can't alter or remove reviews. Employee Reviews Sort: PopularRatingDatePros Team encourages work/life balance (in 197 reviews)Good benefits and job stability (in 126 reviews)Great benefits - they keep adding more and more (in 83 reviews) Interesting work and good pay and benefits (in 82 reviews)Great brand and we are paid very well for what we do (in 65 reviews)Cons There wasn't much flexibility with work life balance (in 80 reviews) too much power to senior management (in 95 reviews)No work life balance and no one cares about it (in 26 reviews)Executive management is remarkably poor (in 45 reviews) Lack of strong leadership from upper management (in 41 reviews)More Pros and Cons May 7, 2017"Good company, but slow to change"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Foster City, CACurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Foster City, CARecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Visa Inc. full-time (More than 10 years)ProsGood pay, work life balanceConsSlow in moving, red tapesAdvice to ManagementEmpower employeesShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Visa Inc. Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Visa Inc. 2017-05-07 21:40 PDT Feb 6, 2017"Good environment, good pay & benefits"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Director, Product Management in Miami, FLFormer Employee - Director, Product Management in Miami, FLRecommendsPositive OutlookNo opinion of CEOI worked at Visa Inc. full-time (More than 5 years)ProsAccess to market trends, information, company at the edge of latest technological resources. Good company for international career. You can learn a lot about the Payments industry.ConsVery political, low turn over, difficult to grow. Very hierarchical. Lots of areas of improvement in the leadrship development front, company has too many senior execs and very little staff.Advice to ManagementCompany needs to improve time to market, specially outside the USShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Visa Inc. Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Visa Inc. 2017-02-06 11:27 PST Join the Visa Inc. team See Our Latest Jobs Feb 24, 2016 Helpful (70)"The Lord Giveth and The Lord Taketh Away"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in San Francisco, CACurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in San Francisco, CADoesn't RecommendNeutral OutlookDisapproves of CEOI have been working at Visa Inc. full-time (More than 5 years)ProsNew executive leadership has implemented a lot of new benefits and have made a concerted effort to streamline operations.Collaborative, friendly culture. Don't have to watch your back too much. Relationship building is key.ConsWhile there is a slew of new benefits, executive management has also done some cutting. Namely, they decided to drop employee retirement benefits as of 2016. Visa used to contribute 6% of your annual salary to a separate retirement fund.Large company with more than the usual bureaucracy and red tape. It is hard to get things done, especially if you have to work with Technology.Health care plans suck.Advice to ManagementDespite the best intentions to build a better Visa, things have not improved all that much in the last few years. Efforts to streamline things have only resulted in superficial improvements. In some areas, most notably Technology, things have regressed. Also, your decision to cut retirement benefits was like a stab in the back. Especially, in light of the 25% raise given to the CEO.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (70) Visa Inc. Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Visa Inc. 2016-02-24 14:19 PST May 5, 2016 Helpful (2)"Not really a "technology" company"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Director ­Product Management in San Francisco, CACurrent Employee - Director ­Product Management in San Francisco, CARecommendsPositive OutlookDisapproves of CEOI have been working at Visa Inc. full-time (More than 3 years)ProsThe pros are its people and the lack of real competitive threatConsCons are Sr. Mgmt team lack or don't do well enough of a job to communicate strategic vision, lengthy process esp for budget approval, and very regional/silo focused vs doing things for the good of Visa Inc.Advice to ManagementStop cutting budget and give poor excuses when done, think product mgmt from a global perspective despite having a "global head of prod", and stop playing the catch up game in the innovation space "i.e. visa checkout" and invest in solutions that have the potential to lead the payments industry.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (2) Visa Inc. Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Visa Inc. 2016-05-05 22:10 PDT Dec 21, 2015 Helpful (18)"Nothing Great Anymore"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Denver, COCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Denver, CODoesn't RecommendNeutral OutlookDisapproves of CEOProsWork life balance is ok.ConsUsed to be a great place to work. Now it is an average company.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (18) Visa Inc. Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Visa Inc. 2015-12-21 15:18 PST May 6, 2014"Director - Product Development"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Miami, FLCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Miami, FLRecommendsPositive OutlookNo opinion of CEOI have been working at Visa Inc. full-time (More than 10 years)ProsGood benefitsGreat SalariesGreat working environmentGood life-work balanceConsCareer opportunities - Difficulty climbing the corporate ladder (Advancement)Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Visa Inc. Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Visa Inc. 2014-05-06 05:34 PDT Feb 10, 2014 Helpful (12)"Dearth of Leadership leads to Disorder"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Denver, COCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Denver, CODoesn't RecommendPositive OutlookNo opinion of CEOI have been working at Visa Inc. full-time (More than 3 years)ProsExcellent Benefits, Nice Title, Good SalaryConsWho's driving the bus? The folks in Sr. Management positions in my division are not leaders. The folks in middle Management who are extremely capable, strategic leaders with staff management/staff development expertise are kept from staff leadership roles. There is little inter-departmental communication. The silo-like environment is remarkable. The teflon-coating each area sports ensures that we spend most time in a reactive, "crisis-junkie" environment, rather than planning where we want to be in 5 years and working together to build that reality. Very depressing to be in a company with so little cooperation and communication. Tough. Not used to "coasting" and didn't realize that's what's expected here. "Just play along."Advice to ManagementWe love Charlie's talk, especially his theory on how leaders need to lead ... but unless Sr. Management is held accountable to lead the way Charlie suggests ... we will not see the change we so earnestly need.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (12) Visa Inc. Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Visa Inc. 2014-02-10 21:58 PST Mar 7, 2016"director, product management"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Director, Product Management in Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnam)Current Employee - Director, Product Management in Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnam)RecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Visa Inc. (More than a year)ProsVery good to work in the environment like such company. Very professional and friendly colleagues. Very dynamic and challenging. Very innovative.ConsIt is specific. You need to be very adaptive and flexible. Or it will be very challenging. Nothing else and more!Advice to ManagementnoneShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Visa Inc. Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Visa Inc. 2016-03-07 23:08 PSTReviews > Product Management Director > Visa Inc. RSS Feed</>Embed Visa Inc. Careers Everyone knows Visa, but few get to shape it. As the world’s leading payments network, Visa is driving economic growth and improving lives...    – More Experience Community New Grad/InternThis is the employer's chance to tell you why you should work for them. The information provided is from their perspective.Reviews by Job TitleDirector (97) Senior Director (76) Business Leader (68) Senior Business Leader (66) Software Engineer (39) Senior Software Engineer (32) Manager (29) Staff Software Engineer (25) Business Analyst (23) Vice President (22) Intern (18) Project Manager (17) Systems Analyst (14) Senior Financial Analyst (13) Analyst (13) Show MoreShow LessCompany Updates We've opened a brand new, state-of-the-art Health Center for our employees right on on Visa's Foster City Campus! Check it out here http://glassdoor.com/slink.htm?key=vQP1a—30+ days agoVisa USA | Visa Everywhere | Global Impact | Visa's Brand New Health Center for Employees 347 Visa interns from 14 offices from around the world showed their Visa pride over two days of learning, collaboration, and fun! Check out the article and see the video here - http://glassdoor.com/slink.htm?key=vQewb—11 days agoDestination Everywhere: 2017 Global Intern SummitSee AllSee AllVisa Inc. PhotosSee All PhotosSee AllView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Company BenefitsHealth Insurance401K PlanVacation & Paid Time OffMaternity & Paternity LeaveRetirement PlanAdd BenefitsSee AllSee AllCompany Videos Loading...1 of 1 videosPrev|NextAffiliated Companies Job Seekers Also ViewedMastercard ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 948 ReviewsAmerican Express ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 5,046 ReviewsOracle ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 15,399 ReviewsApple ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 10,744 ReviewsFacebook ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 2,131 ReviewsAmazon ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 15,907 ReviewsSalesforce ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 3,177 ReviewsVisa Europe ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 194 ReviewsCisco Systems ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 12,462 ReviewsIBM ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 31,134 ReviewsVMware ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 3,106 ReviewsGenentech ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 1,736 Reviews Related Job SearchDirector jobsDirector salaries ($137k)Product Manager jobsProduct Manager salaries ($103k)Senior Product Manager jobsSenior Product Manager salaries ($131k)Director of Product Management jobsDirector of Product Management salaries ($153k)Senior Director jobsSenior Director salaries ($173k)Senior Manager jobsSenior Manager salaries ($130k)Vice President jobsVice President salaries ($148k)Director Product Management jobsDirector Product Management salaries ($158k)Product Management Director jobsProduct Management Director salaries ($166k)Senior Software Engineer jobsSenior Software Engineer salaries ($110k)Manager jobsManager salaries ($88k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Principal Product Manager jobsPrincipal Product Manager salaries ($137k)Project Manager jobsProject Manager salaries ($90k)Program Manager jobsProgram Manager salaries ($100k)Senior Director Product Management jobsSenior Director Product Management salaries ($196k)Senior Product Marketing Manager jobsSenior Product Marketing Manager salaries ($136k)Product Marketing Manager jobsProduct Marketing Manager salaries ($112k)Senior Project Manager jobsSenior Project Manager salaries ($111k)Interested in a New Job?Upload a resume to mobile apply. Your response will be removed from the review – this cannot be undone.Delete ResponseCancelThis will replace the current featured review for targeted profile. Are you sure you want to replace it?CancelConfirmAre you sure you want to remove this review from being featured for targeted profile?CancelConfirm




BBB Business Profile | CompareCards.com























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Credit Cards & Plans
 > 
CompareCards.com














BBB Accredited Business Profile






CompareCards.com



Request a Quote

































CompareCards.com






            Business Information
        






(800) 747-3893

CompareCards.com
12 years in business

        205 King Street
Ste 310
        Charleston, SC 29401-3184
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 02/18/2011
            

                Business Started: 05/01/2005


                Business Started Locally: 01/01/2011
            




            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    




            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. Chris Mettler, President
                





            Business Category
        


                Credit Cards & Plans
            




                            Internet Marketing Services
                        

                            E-Mail Marketing
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Iron Horse Holdings,LLC
                







                    Number of Employees: 
                
                5
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            







        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























CompareCards.com






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                CompareCards.com
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 04/08/2011










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    












        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 










	Visa Inc. - Visa Introduces New Mobile Prepaid Product for Developing Countries























































Investor Relations> News> News Details


















Feeds & Alerts



Email Address


*








Mailing Lists
*






News

SEC Filings

Presentations

Events

Financial Reports

EOD Stock Quote









 





Enter the code shown above.



*






Unsubscribe from e-mail alerts





Unsubscribe from e-mail alerts


News Details
Visa Introduces New Mobile Prepaid Product for Developing Countries


11/16/2011

Download this Press Release ()

First Visa product enabled by Fundamo, a leading mobile money
platform recently acquired by Visa. Enables financial institutions,
mobile network operators to offer Visa prepaid accounts on mobile phones
to unbanked and under-banked consumers.


HONG KONG, Nov 16, 2011 (BUSINESS WIRE) --
Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) today announced a significant step to bringing
access to secure financial services and electronic payments to consumers
in developing countries by introducing a new product serving the needs
of unbanked and under-banked consumers. The new product, a Visa prepaid
account that can be accessed through a mobile phone, offers consumers in
developing countries a secure, reliable, globally interoperable
electronic payment account.

 
MTN Group, a leading telecommunications provider in Africa and the
Middle East, plans to offer the new Visa product to MTN Mobile Money
customers across its markets. As part of the launch, the new product
will be available to customers in Nigeria and Uganda.

Today, more than one hundred1 mobile money programs provide
consumers in developing countries with basic financial services, with
several more being planned by mobile network operators and financial
institutions. Visa's new product will enhance the security, scale and
interoperability of these mobile money programs, while extending their
payment functionality by enabling account holders to send funds to each
other, send and receive international remittances, make purchases at
merchants or online where Visa is accepted or withdraw funds at a Visa
ATM.

"Reaching consumers who have previously lacked access to formal
financial services with secure and reliable electronic payments is
finally a reality," said Jim McCarthy, head of product for Visa Inc.
"Mobile technology has become the single most important driver of
financial inclusion that is enabling financial institutions, mobile
network operators and Visa to connect unbanked consumers to each other
and the global economy."

MTN Mobile Money has been implemented in 12 countries. At 30 September
2011, there were 5.7 million registered mobile money customers.

"The launch of this product with Visa doesn't only enhance our current
mobile money offering, but also represents yet another crucial milestone
in our journey to bring value-adding services to the growing population
of mobile phone users in our markets. And as the appetite for mobile
technology grows, MTN is excited to be at the forefront of providing
millions of our customers with such important product innovations," said
Christian de Faria, MTN Group Chief Commercial Officer.

How It Works
The mobile phone is changing how consumers around the world pay and get
paid, and offers financial service providers in developing countries a
new, efficient channel to serve the unbanked and under-banked. In the
last ten years, 100 million2 people have been newly 'banked'
through mobile services that offer consumers basic financial services
that are limited in geographic reach.

Visa's recent acquisition of Fundamo, a leading mobile money platform in
developing countries, and its integration into Visa, has created the
first globally interoperable mobile payment platform that can connect
existing mobile money services with Visa's global payment network,
VisaNet.

The result is a new Visa product that allows financial service providers
and mobile network operators to offer consumers a payment account that
provides Visa's high standards of security, reliability and global
interoperability, including:

Visa-quality Payment Security - The new product combines Visa's
advanced risk processing technology with the security and authentication
features of mobile devices, offering consumers in developing countries
peace of mind when making purchases. Regardless of transaction size or
where consumers make purchases, Visa and the account issuer will be able
to authenticate the account holder at the point of transaction by
requesting a PIN or password. In addition, Visa's fraud monitoring
capabilities can help mitigate and prevent fraud.

Visa Payment Functionality - From international remittances to
ecommerce transactions Visa's new product will offer consumers a new
payment account that enhances the payment functionality of their
existing mobile money service. In markets with Visa acceptance
locations, consumers may also have the option to receive a Visa prepaid
companion card that can be used at ATMs and merchants where Visa is
accepted.

Transaction Authorization, Clearing and Settlement Services - For
financial institutions and mobile network operators offering Visa's new
mobile prepaid product, Visa will offer a full suite of payment
processing and account management services supported by the world's
largest payments network, VisaNet.

Developing countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America are among the
first target markets for Visa's new mobile-based prepaid product.

Visa is working closely with financial institutions, mobile network
operators, governments and non-governmental organisations in developing
countries to extend access to financial services and electronic
payments, helping drive economic growth and financial inclusion by
migrating cash spend to electronic payments.

About Visa Inc.:
Visa is a global payments technology company that connects consumers,
businesses, financial institutions and governments in more than 200
countries and territories to fast, secure and reliable digital currency.
Underpinning digital currency is one of the world's most advanced
processing networks--VisaNet--that is capable of handling more than 20,000
transaction messages a second, with fraud protection for consumers and
guaranteed payment for merchants. Visa is not a bank, and does not issue
cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for consumers. Visa's
innovations, however, enable its financial institution customers to
offer consumers more choices: Pay now with debit, ahead of time with
prepaid or later with credit products. For more information, visit www.corporate.visa.com.

About the MTN Group:
Launched in 1994, the MTN Group is a multinational telecommunications
group operating in 21 countries in Africa, Asia and the Middle East. The
MTN Group is listed on the JSE Securities Exchange in South Africa under
the share code: "MTN." As of 30 September 2011, MTN recorded over 158
million subscribers across its operations in Afghanistan, Benin,
Botswana, Cameroon, Cote d'Ivoire, Cyprus, Ghana, Guinea Bissau, Guinea
Republic, Iran, Liberia, Nigeria, Republic of Congo (Congo Brazzaville),
Rwanda, South Africa, Sudan, Swaziland, Syria, Uganda, Yemen and Zambia.
Visit us at www.mtn.com
and www.mtnfootball.com
1GSMA Research, 2011
2Juniper Research, 2011

SOURCE: Visa Inc.

Press Only:North America:Visa Inc.Erica Harvill, 415-932-2564globalmedia@visa.comorAsia PacificVisa Inc.Susan Chan, +65 6671 5768suchan@visa.comorCentral Europe, Middle East, Africa:Fleishman-Hillard for Visa Inc.Vanessa Baard, +27 82 331 8158vanessa.baard@fleishman.co.zaorLatin America:Visa Inc.Jennifer McGowan, 305-328-1498jmcgowan@visa.comorMTN GroupSilvanus Mabaso, +27 83 222 7613silvan_s@mtn.co.za






















































































































            
    What Could Visa Inc's New Product Mean To the Payments Industry? -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































What Could Visa Inc's New Product Mean To the Payments Industry?
Visa has launched a new product designed to make paying for purchases online as easy as swiping a card in the store. What will this mean to Visa and its rivals?











                Matthew Frankel
            

                (TMFMathGuy)



            
            Jul 20, 2014 at 10:00AM
            
            





Visa (NYSE:V) and its rivals realize that while online shopping can be much more convenient that driving to a store, no one has quite figured out a way to make paying by credit card online or in a mobile app as easy as swiping your card at a point-of-sale terminal.
It's a pain to have to take your credit card out of your wallet and type in the numbers, especially in mobile apps, not to mention the feeling of vulnerability that comes with typing your card number, expiration date, and security code.

Hoping to change that, Visa has introduced a new product called Visa Checkout, which is intended to be a digital representation of your Visa card.
The idea is that a seamless, quick and painless payment experience will make more customers choose to use Visa-branded cards when shopping. 
How will it compete with a similar product from rival MasterCard (NYSE:MA), and will American Express (NYSE:AXP) come up with something similar? And what company has the most to lose here?





The idea behind Visa Checkout Essentially, Visa's checkout is the most comprehensive way yet for customers to pay with a credit card in one single step.

Source: company
Customers create an account with Visa and store the information from their cards, as well as shipping information, so they literally will have to enter no personal information when shopping.
Then, when shopping on a participating merchant's website or app with the Visa Checkout button (above), all that is needed is a username and password, and Visa Checkout does the rest.





And security is a big priority for Visa.
When you check out, a thumbnail of your own Visa card shows up next to the checkout button for authentication. Visa's senior VP of digital solutions Sam Shrauger said the company will work hard to provide the best security possible to Visa Checkout users.
MasterCard and Amex's efforts Visa might be a little late to the party here.
 MasterCard recently launched its MasterPass product which is now up and running in 10 countries, and provides similar functions as Visa Checkout. In fact, MasterPass also seems more useful in some ways, as it is a "full digital wallet" while Visa Checkout is simply a digital representation of your credit card.





In addition to your credit card and shipping information, MasterPass also lets you store loyalty and rewards cards. And, it is worth noting, both companies' products work with any major credit cards, not just their own.
American Express has not come up with its own digital checkout service, but is definitely heading in that direction.
The company's recent partnership with car service Uber lets users pay for rides in Uber's mobile app with their American Express rewards points. So, it appears that American Express is experimenting with one-click payment solutions, but is yet to unveil anything like Visa and MasterCard's products.
What could it mean to the winners and losers? Obviously, this could mean a lot to Visa and MasterCard by capturing market share from rival card issuers and other payment processors.
While both Visa Checkout and MasterPass allow any credit cards to be linked, most of the users will likely register Visa and MasterCard credit cards with their corresponding products.
One the other hand, one company that stands to lose a lot from this is eBay's (NASDAQ:EBAY) PayPal, which until recently was the only widespread way to pay for online purchases by simply entering a username and password.
In fact, I think the biggest impact here will be a significant and gradual loss of fee revenue to PayPal, as the credit card companies have figured out how to offer a similar way to pay.
However, eBay has managed to stay ahead of the curve so far in the payment processing game, so it'll be interesting to see how PayPal responds to the increased competition.
In regards to whose product will be more successful, it's anyone's guess at this point. However, both Visa and MasterCard will be long-term winners here as more and more consumers adopt their payment solutions.



Matthew Frankel owns shares of eBay. The Motley Fool recommends American Express, eBay, MasterCard, and Visa. The Motley Fool owns shares of eBay, MasterCard, and Visa. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                                Matthew Frankel
                            

                                (TMFMathGuy)
                            

Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage!
Follow @TMFMathGuy








Article Info




                    
                    Jul 20, 2014 at 10:00AM
                    
                


                    Financials
                












Stocks








American Express



                                        NYSE:AXP





                                    $84.80
                                

up



                                    $0.95
                                

                                    (1.13%)
                                










Mastercard



                                        NYSE:MA





                                    $127.91
                                

down



                                    $-1.02
                                

                                    (-0.79%)
                                










eBay



                                        NASDAQ:EBAY





                                    $35.94
                                

down



                                    $0.23
                                

                                    (-0.64%)
                                










Visa



                                        NYSE:V





                                    $99.15
                                

down



                                    $0.42
                                

                                    (-0.42%)
                                








Read More



The 3 Best Buffett Stocks for Retirees


3 Stocks You Can Safely Own Until 2030


Forget P2P: Mastercard and Visa Turn to Larger B2B Payment Opportunities


3 Reasons American Express Company Stock Could Rise


Why American Express Company Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About




















Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












What Could Visa Inc's New Product Mean To the Payments Industry? @themotleyfool #stocks $AXP, $MA, $EBAY, $V




































