






						Lazard Ltd (LAZ) EPS Estimated At $0.78; Harvey Partners Cut Vishay Precision Group (VPG) Holding - Bibey Post								





























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Lazard Ltd (LAZ) EPS Estimated At $0.78; Harvey Partners Cut Vishay Precision Group (VPG) Holding


					
						July 26, 2017 - By Hazel Jackson


Harvey Partners Llc decreased Vishay Precision Group Inc (VPG) stake by 29.8% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Harvey Partners Llc sold 89,396 shares as Vishay Precision Group Inc (VPG)’s stock rose 5.29%. The Harvey Partners Llc holds 210,604 shares with $3.98 million value, down from 300,000 last quarter. Vishay Precision Group Inc now has $237.93M valuation. The stock increased 1.70% or $0.3 during the last trading session, reaching $17.95. About shares traded. Vishay Precision Group Inc (NYSE:VPG) has risen 37.69% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 20.99% the S&P500.







 Analysts expect Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ) to report $0.78 EPS on July, 27 before the open.They anticipate $0.17 EPS change or 27.87% from last quarter’s $0.61 EPS. LAZ’s profit would be $102.45M giving it 15.35 P/E if the $0.78 EPS is correct. After having $0.83 EPS previously, Lazard Ltd’s analysts see -6.02% EPS growth. The stock decreased 0.25% or $0.12 during the last trading session, reaching $47.89. About shares traded. Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ) has risen 35.63% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 18.93% the S&P500.
Analysts await Vishay Precision Group Inc (NYSE:VPG) to report earnings on August, 8. They expect $0.24 earnings per share, up 60.00% or $0.09 from last year’s $0.15 per share. VPG’s profit will be $3.18M for 18.70 P/E if the $0.24 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.19 actual earnings per share reported by Vishay Precision Group Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 26.32% EPS growth. 
Investors sentiment increased to 1.03 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.08, from 0.95 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 7 investors sold VPG shares while 31 reduced holdings. 15 funds opened positions while 24 raised stakes. 9.67 million shares or 2.07% less from 9.87 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Wells Fargo And Mn accumulated 0% or 7,676 shares. 2,573 are held by Blackrock Incorporated. Tiaa Cref Investment Ltd Co accumulated 53,409 shares. Bancorporation Of America De stated it has 1,778 shares. Ancora Advsr Lc holds 0.3% or 218,484 shares. Us Bankshares De accumulated 14 shares. Eam Investors Ltd reported 99,813 shares. Price T Rowe Associates Inc Md, Maryland-based fund reported 13,466 shares. State Street invested in 235,790 shares or 0% of the stock. Brandywine Investment Management Llc holds 6,650 shares or 0% of its portfolio. Northern Trust Corporation invested in 149,113 shares. State Board Of Administration Of Florida Retirement Sys reported 0% in Vishay Precision Group Inc (NYSE:VPG). 600 were accumulated by Whittier Tru Co Of Nevada. Fuller And Thaler Asset Management Inc owns 0% invested in Vishay Precision Group Inc (NYSE:VPG) for 5,700 shares. Rhumbline Advisers invested 0% of its portfolio in Vishay Precision Group Inc (NYSE:VPG).
Since February 6, 2017, it had 4 insider buys, and 0 selling transactions for $330,434 activity. 2,460 Vishay Precision Group Inc (NYSE:VPG) shares with value of $40,713 were bought by Nokomis Capital – L.L.C..
Since March 1, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 5 sales for $10.68 million activity. 30,206 shares were sold by Stern Alexander F., worth $1.30 million. Hoffman Scott D sold $863,200 worth of Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ) on Wednesday, March 1. Bucaille Matthieu had sold 90,000 shares worth $4.03M on Tuesday, May 30.
Lazard Ltd is a financial advisory and asset management company. The company has market cap of $6.29 billion. The Firm operates through two divisions: Financial Advisory and Asset Management. It has a 14.82 P/E ratio. It serves a range of clients around the world, including firms, governments, institutions, partnerships and individuals.
Investors sentiment increased to 1.15 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.21, from 0.94 in 2016Q3. It increased, as 31 investors sold Lazard Ltd shares while 81 reduced holdings. 49 funds opened positions while 80 raised stakes. 87.78 million shares or 2.43% less from 89.97 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Rhumbline Advisers has invested 0.01% in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ). Stoneridge Lc accumulated 17,641 shares. Moreover, Lord Abbett And Limited Liability has 0.02% invested in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ) for 148,700 shares. Moreover, North Star Invest Management has 0.21% invested in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ). Kistler has invested 0.01% in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ). First Republic Inv Mgmt Inc holds 20,533 shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. Panagora Asset Mngmt reported 56,757 shares. Royal Bankshares Of Scotland Public Limited Liability holds 0.45% of its portfolio in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ) for 41,904 shares. 1832 Asset L P holds 0.01% of its portfolio in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ) for 95,477 shares. 1.57M were accumulated by State Street. Moreover, Pinnacle Ltd has 0.97% invested in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ) for 1.17M shares. National Bank Of America De holds 0% or 153,709 shares. Glenmede Tru Na reported 0% of its portfolio in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ). Sg Americas Secs has 0.01% invested in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ). 521 are owned by Next Group Inc.








By Hazel Jackson
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Granite Construction (GVA)’s Sentiment Is 1.31


Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Reaches $1.20 52-Week Low; Bioscrip (BIOS) Shorts Lowered By 1.46%


Genesee Valley Trust Company Has Cut The Priceline Group (PCLN) Holding By $544,980, BIOCORRX (BICX) SI Decreased By 81.82%


Matthew 25 Management Has Lowered Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Position By $2.31 Million, Rand Wealth Has Increased Automatic Data Processing In (ADP) Holding By $1.08 Million


Fonar (FONR) Reaches $26.05 After 5.00% Down Move, MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Had 7 Analysts Last Week


Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Reaches $13.65 After 3.00% Up Move, Acadian Timber (TSE:ADN) Had 2 Bullish Analysts


Green Square Capital Has Lifted Its At&T Com (T) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Upped Amc Networks (Call) (AMCX) Stake By $520,000


American Capital Management Cut Its Verint Systems (VRNT) Holding; Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week


Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Has Cut By $1.20 Million Its Cvs Health Com (CVS) Position, 3 Analysts Covering Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)


Davidson D A & Company Lifted Amgen (AMGN) Stake, Last Week Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Analysts







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Vishay Precision Group Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Directors | Business Wire
























































Vishay Precision Group Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New 
      Independent Directors






July 27, 2017 07:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



MALVERN, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (NYSE: VPG), a leading global producer of 
      precision sensors and systems, today announced the appointment of two 
      new independent members to its Board of Directors, Bruce Lerner, Ph.D. 
      and Wes Cummins.
    

      Marc Zandman, Chairman of the Board of Vishay Precision Group, said, “We 
      believe these appointments provide valuable depth and breadth of 
      experience and strategic counsel for our Board. Bruce’s proven ability 
      to manage complex global operations and his track record of successful 
      growth through diversification are an excellent fit as we look to the 
      future. We also welcome the expertise and focus that Wes brings to bear 
      in the areas of strategic finance and capital allocation. We are 
      fortunate to have the unique perspective of these strong advisors in our 
      efforts to ensure we maximize value creation for our shareholders.”
    

      Dr. Lerner currently serves as President and CEO of PeroxyChem, LLC, a 
      private equity-backed, well-diversified, global specialty chemicals 
      company, a position he has held since 2014. From 2007 to 2014, he served 
      as vice president and global business director with FMC Peroxygens, 
      where he led the business through a strategic transformation from a pure 
      commodities business into a specialty chemicals business with a 
      diversified portfolio of products. Dr. Lerner began his career in 1993 
      as a staff chemist at Engelhard Corporation and continued, through 
      acquisition, at BASF Corporation, where he developed and patented two 
      new products. Between 1993 and 2007, he served in a variety of sales, 
      marketing, business development and operational roles with increasing 
      responsibility. Since 2007, Dr. Lerner has also served as a board member 
      and director for Thai Peroxide Ltd., a joint-venture chemicals company 
      based in Thailand serving Asia.
    

      Dr. Lerner earned his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of 
      Massachusetts at Amherst and his Master of Science degree in Industrial 
      Chemistry from the University of Central Florida. He earned his Ph.D. in 
      Inorganic Chemistry from Northwestern University in 1993, where he 
      completed his thesis in the area of Catalysis & Surface Science. Dr. 
      Lerner is the author of more than 25 peer-reviewed publications.
    

      Mr. Cummins has been an analyst with Nokomis Capital, L.L.C., an 
      investment advisory firm which currently owns approximately 15.9 percent 
      of VPG’s outstanding common stock, since October 2012. Mr. Cummins also 
      currently serves as a director of Telenav, Inc. (NASDAQ: TNAV), a 
      leading provider of location-based platform services, since August, 
      2016. From March 2011 to September 2012, Mr. Cummins was an analyst for 
      Harvey Partners. Prior to that position, Mr. Cummins was at B. Riley & 
      Co. (NASDAQ: RILY), an investment banking firm, from February 2002 to 
      2011. He served in increasing positions of responsibility there, 
      including as an equity research analyst, Director of Research, Capital 
      Markets Director and, prior to his departure, as President of B. Riley & 
      Co. Mr. Cummins holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business 
      Administration from Washington University in St. Louis. Mr. Cummins has 
      been appointed to the Board in accordance with the terms of an agreement 
      with Nokomis previously announced March 27, 2017 and amended concurrent 
      with Mr. Cummins’ appointment.
    

About VPG


      Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG) is an internationally recognized 
      designer, manufacturer and marketer of: components based on its 
      resistive foil technology; sensors; and sensor-based measurement systems 
      specializing in the growing markets of stress, force, weight, pressure, 
      and current measurements. VPG is a market leader of foil technology 
      products, providing ongoing technology innovations in precision foil 
      resistors and foil strain gages, which are the foundation of the 
      company's force sensors products and its weighing and control systems. 
      The product portfolio consists of a variety of well-established brand 
      names recognized for precision and quality in the marketplace. To learn 
      more, visit VPG at www.vpgsensors.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      From time to time, information provided by us, including but not limited 
      to statements in this report, or other statements made by or on our 
      behalf, may contain "forward-looking" information within the meaning of 
      the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements 
      involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, many of 
      which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, 
      performance, or achievements to differ materially from those anticipated.
    

      Such statements are based on current expectations only, and are subject 
      to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Should one or more of 
      these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying 
      assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from 
      those anticipated, expected, estimated, or projected. Among the factors 
      that could cause actual results to materially differ include: general 
      business and economic conditions; difficulties or delays in completing 
      acquisitions and integrating acquired companies (including the 
      acquisitions of Stress-Tek and Pacific Instruments); the inability to 
      realize anticipated synergies and expansion possibilities; difficulties 
      in new product development; changes in competition and technology in the 
      markets that we serve and the mix of our products required to address 
      these changes; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; difficulties 
      in implementing our cost reduction strategies, such as underutilization 
      of production facilities, labor unrest or legal challenges to our 
      lay-off or termination plans, operation of redundant facilities due to 
      difficulties in transferring production to achieve efficiencies; and 
      other factors affecting our operations, markets, products, services, and 
      prices that are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
      fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. We undertake no obligation to 
      publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
      result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
    




Contacts

      VPGFor InvestorsICR, Inc.James Palczynski, 
      203-682-8229jp@icrinc.comorFor 
      MediaICR, Inc.Phil Denning, 646-277-1258phil.denning@inrinc.com














Release Summary
Vishay Precision Group appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as new independent members of its Board of Directors.






Contacts

      VPGFor InvestorsICR, Inc.James Palczynski, 
      203-682-8229jp@icrinc.comorFor 
      MediaICR, Inc.Phil Denning, 646-277-1258phil.denning@inrinc.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Vishay Precision Group, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:43 AM ET
Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components

Company Overview of Vishay Precision Group, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Vishay Precision Group, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets sensors, sensor-based measurement systems, specialty resistors, and strain gages in Asia, the United States, Israel, Europe, the United Kingdom, and Canada. It operates through three segments: Foil Technology Products, Force Sensors, and Weighing and Control Systems. The company’s products include foil resistors, foil strain gages, transducers, load cells, weighing modules, data acquisition systems, weighing and control systems, PhotoStress products, and sensors that convert mechanical inputs into an electronic signal for display, processing, interpretation, or control by its instrumentation and systems products. Its products ar...
Vishay Precision Group, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets sensors, sensor-based measurement systems, specialty resistors, and strain gages in Asia, the United States, Israel, Europe, the United Kingdom, and Canada. It operates through three segments: Foil Technology Products, Force Sensors, and Weighing and Control Systems. The company’s products include foil resistors, foil strain gages, transducers, load cells, weighing modules, data acquisition systems, weighing and control systems, PhotoStress products, and sensors that convert mechanical inputs into an electronic signal for display, processing, interpretation, or control by its instrumentation and systems products. Its products are primarily used in military and aerospace, medical, agricultural, steel, and construction markets for application in waste management, bulk hauling, logging, scales manufacturing, engineering systems, pharmaceutical, oil, chemical, steel, paper, and food industries. The company markets and sells its products through original equipment manufacturers, electronic manufacturing services companies, and independent distributors, as well as directly to end-use customers. Vishay Precision Group, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania.
Detailed Description


3 Great Valley ParkwaySuite 150Malvern, PA 19355United StatesFounded in 20092,100 Employees



Phone: 484-321-5300

Fax: 484-321-5301

www.vpgsensors.com







Key Executives for Vishay Precision Group, Inc.




Mr. Ziv Shoshani


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 50
        

Total Annual Compensation: $487.8K








Mr. William M. Clancy


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 54
        

Total Annual Compensation: $300.0K








Mr. Roland B. Desilets


      	Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $210.6K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Vishay Precision Group, Inc. Key Developments

Vishay Precision Group Announces Board Appointments
Jul 27 17
Vishay Precision Group, Inc. announced the appointment of two new independent members to its Board of Directors, Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins. Lerner currently serves as President and CEO of PeroxyChem, LLC a position he has held since 2014. From 2007 to 2014, he served as vice president and global business director with FMC Peroxygens. Cummins has been an analyst with Nokomis Capital, L.L.C. which currently owns approximately 15.9% of VPG’s outstanding common stock, since October 2012. Cummins also currently serves as a director of Telenav, Inc.


VPG Foil Resistors Announces Ultra-High Precision Military and Space Grade Resistors for High-Performance Current Sensing Within Mission-Critical Applications
Jul 13 17
The VPG Foil Resistors product group of Vishay Precision Group introduced the Model 303337 ultra-high precision military and space-grade resistor, offering high-performance current sensing within mission-critical applications. The Model 303337 produces a highly precise voltage that is directly proportional to measured current levels, with significantly reduced component sensitivity to applied power changes, including PCR and thermal resistance values. The industry-exclusive design of the Model 303337 incorporates VPG’s own proprietary Bulk Metal® Z Foil resistive technology, along with a four-terminal Kelvin connection, for ultra-high precision current sensing and temperature stability to 3W. Additional attributes include a low temperature coefficient of resistance (TCR) of ±5 ppm/°C (–55°C to +125°C, at +25°C ref.), for reduced risk of measurement errors due to temperature changes; improved load-life stability of ±0.02% (typ.), at +70°C for 2000 hours (rated power); a low power coefficient of resistance (PCR) of 5 ppm/W at rated power; a resistance tolerance to ±0.1%; a 100 to 200 m resistance range; a short-time overload of 0.005% typical; an electrostatic discharge (ESD) limit of <25 kV; solderable terminations; and a choice of either lead (Pb)-free or tin/lead alloy solder finish. To ensure total resistor reliability and conformance to published specifications, each unit undergoes stringent testing across its full batch lot. A Quality Conformance Inspection report accompanies each shipment, detailing all test data collected during Environmental Test Laboratory studies. The report offers design engineers a reliable set of data for the anticipation of actual resistor performance within an intended installation environment. Data includes screen/test flow per EEE- INST-002 (Tables 2A and 3A, Film/Foil, Level 1), MIL-PRF-55342 and MIL-PRF-49465, among other parameters. For customer convenience, prototype quantities of the Model 303337 resistor are also available with expedited deliveries. The Model 303337 ultra-high precision surface mount resistor may be specified within demanding and mission-critical military, aerospace, defense and space applications, including those where a precision resistor is required to quickly reach thermal equilibrium, within circuits that either require fast response times, or which are characterized by rapid current changes. Within the military, aerospace, defense and space industries, typical applications include commercial and military avionics, switching linear power supplies, power amplifiers, power management systems, feedback circuits, measurement instrumentation and associated automatic test equipment. Other applications include switching and linear power supplies, precision high current-sensing, power management systems, feedback circuits, power amplifiers, and precision electronic scales.


Vishay Precision Group, Inc. Announces Release of A Next-Generation Upgrade for its Industry Best-Selling Intuition Series Weight Indicators
Jul 8 17
Vishay Precision Group, Inc. announced the release of a next-generation upgrade for its industry best-selling Intuition Series weight indicators. Originally launched in 2016, the fully modular Intuition Series offers reliable, versatile general-purpose weight indication, in support of a variety of commercial and industrial requirements. The indicators combine large six-digit LED and LCD displays, weighing and counting modes, along with an array of advanced features and communication interfaces, including multiple hardware and software options. The result is a truly scalable, flexible and user-friendly weight indicator solution. Each new standard feature of the next-generation Intuition Series is derived from direct customer feedback. Increases in onboard ALIBI memory capacity now allow for the paperless storage of up 100K individual weighing records, from the previous 10K. Units are available with CE mark, as well as with International Organization of Legal Metrology (OIML)/EN45501:2015 compliant â legal for trade certification. The Series now offers seamless compatibility with most industry standard digital load cell interfaces. A seven-function keyboard with 12 numeric keys has been added, as well as a digital I/O, consisting of four dry relay outputs and two opto-isolated inputs. These improvements allow for greater ease of operation, with simplified calibration and instrumentation setups. Two series ports (RS232) have been added for enhanced printing and networking functionality, as well as a full RS485 duplex interface. A plug-and-play setup now allow for various option cards to be easily added or removed, facilitating increased on demand customization capabilities. Both a battery housing and charger board, as well as a mounting bracket, have been added. With these and other new features, Intuition Series weight indicators can effectively support process weighing batch functions of up to eight steps, with choice of local or remote display capabilities. Other additional new features include piece counting mode, time and date stamp, and user and operator password protection. Intuition Series weight indicators are expressly designed for ease of field service. To ensure their survivability in harsh environments, their full modular hardware and software infrastructure underwent two full years of rigorous field testing prior to release. Nearly every module or component within the Intuition Series, whether electronic or mechanical, is easily field replaceable. This includes, among others, the power supply, A/D, CPU, and communication interface. In addition to their durability and long service life, Intuition Series weight indicators include full diagnostic capabilities, 100% customizable hardware and software, and custom labeling capabilities. Typical applications include process weighing, bulk weighing, batching, and weighbridges. They may be specified within virtually any commercial or industrial weighing application where visual indication accuracy is of concern, and particularly, those with legal for trade certification requirements.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 #1 Network, Inc. United States 10x Communications, Inc. United States 1450 Inc. United States 1st Choice Security Solutions, Inc. United States 20th Century Lites, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Vishay Precision Group, Inc., please visit www.vpgsensors.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























VPG — Investor Relationsperformance through precisionHOMEFINANCIALSSTRATEGYREPORTING SEGMENTSEND MARKETSNEWSCorporate InformationOverviewDirectors & Executive OfficersCorporate GovernanceSpin-Off DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock & Shareholder InformationStock Quote & ChartHistorical PricesBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorFAQsPress ReleasesSEC FilingsDocumentsInsider FilingsAnnual Report & ProxyInvestor CommunicationsPresentationsAnalyst CoverageCalendar of EventsInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsIR Site MenuInvestor Search
            Entire IR Site
            Press Releases Only
            Filings OnlyVPG InvestorsPresentationsNotify me of new presentations posted to this site.TitleDateFormatVPG Investor Presentation 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference6/15/2017VPG 2017 Annual Meeting Slides v65/25/2017VPG Investor Presentation - May 20175/24/2017VPG 2017 First Quarter Earnings Presentation5/9/2017VPG Investor Presentation March, 20173/29/2017VPG 2016 Fourth Quarter Earnings Presentation2/21/2017VPG 2016 Third Quarter Earnings Presentation11/8/2016VPG 2016 Second Quarter Earnings Presentation8/9/2016VPG Investor Presentation5/12/2016VPG 2016 First Quarter Earnings Presentation5/10/2016Click the link to the right to download : 
      Adobe Acrobat Reader
       
     Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseInvestorsEnd MarketsCorporateProductsBrands3 Great Valley Parkway, Malvern, PA 19355Privacy & LegalCareersCopyright 2017, Vishay Precision Group


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









VPG — Investor Relationsperformance through precisionHOMEFINANCIALSSTRATEGYREPORTING SEGMENTSEND MARKETSNEWSCorporate InformationOverviewDirectors & Executive OfficersCorporate GovernanceSpin-Off DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock & Shareholder InformationStock Quote & ChartHistorical PricesBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorFAQsPress ReleasesSEC FilingsDocumentsInsider FilingsAnnual Report & ProxyInvestor CommunicationsPresentationsAnalyst CoverageCalendar of EventsInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsIR Site MenuInvestor Search
            Entire IR Site
            Press Releases Only
            Filings OnlyVPG InvestorsOverviewEntire IR SitePress Releases OnlyFilings OnlyEntire IR SitePress Releases OnlyFilings OnlyInvestor Tools




Stock QuoteNYSEVPGMarket Value ($M)213.37Change ($)(0.20)Change (%)(1.13)Volume13,354Stock Quote ($)17.50As of July 28, 2017 - Minimum 20 minute delay.OverviewWebcast VPG Q2 Fiscal 2017 Earnings CallTuesday, August 8, 201710:00 AM ETVishay Precision Group, Inc. (NYSE:VPG) is a publicly traded company on the
New York Stock Exchange following the completion of its spin-off from Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE: VSH). 
 
VPG is an internationally recognized designer, manufacturer and marketer of systems and components based on its resistive foil technology, sensors, and sensor-based systems; specializing in the growing markets of stress, force, weight, pressure, and
current measurements. 
Our products include precision foil resistors, foil strain gages, and sensors that convert mechanical inputs into an electronic signal for display, processing, interpretation, or control by our instrumentation and systems products. Precision sensors are essential to the accurate measurement, resolution and display of force, weight, pressure, torque, tilt, motion, or acceleration, especially in the legal-for-trade, commercial, and industrial marketplaces. 
Our vision is to be the leading provider of foil components, sensors, and sensor-based systems with the highest precision, quality, and service for measuring force (weight, pressure, torque, acceleration) and current. Our goal is to grow shareholder
value by optimizing our core operations, expanding our existing product portfolio and acquiring complementary sensor products, systems and solutions.

News ReleasesDateTitle7/27/2017Vishay Precision Group Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Directors7/20/2017Vishay Precision Group Announces Date for Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call6/09/2017Vishay Precision Group, Inc. Announces Participation at the 2017 Marcum Microcap ConferenceNews Releases7/27/2017Vishay Precision Group Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Directors7/20/2017Vishay Precision Group Announces Date for Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call6/09/2017Vishay Precision Group, Inc. Announces Participation at the 2017 Marcum Microcap ConferencePeriod: One MonthThree MonthYTDOne YearThree YearEventsEventDateVPG Q2 Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call8/8/201710:00 AM ET  Contact InformationCorporate Headquarters: 
VPG 
3 Great Valley Parkway 
Malvern, PA 19355 
Phone: 484-321-5300Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseInvestorsEnd MarketsCorporateProductsBrands3 Great Valley Parkway, Malvern, PA 19355Privacy & LegalCareersCopyright 2017, Vishay Precision Group







Contact Us | VPG 






























Skip to main content




 







 

Performance through Precision







Contact Us

Contact Us
Customer Gateway
 

 
 

















Overview
About Us
History
Quality
Glossary of Terms
Ethics
VideosSteel

Privacy and Legal
EHSREACH
RoHS
Conflict Minerals
Safety Data Sheets

News
Events
Careers
Contact Us
 

 







VPG CorporateCorporate Office:
VPG
3 Great Valley Parkway, Suite 150
Malvern, PA 19355
United States
Phone: +1-484-321-5300
Fax: +1-484-321-5301
 

Sales Offices in the Americas


VPG TRANSDUCERS
Rancho Cucamonga, CA • United States
Ph: +1-909-373-3400
E-mail: lc.usa@vpgsensors.com


MICRO-MEASUREMENTS
Raleigh, NC • United States
Ph: +1-919-365-3800
E-mail: mm.usa@vpgsensors.com


VISHAY FOIL RESISTORS
Malvern, PA • United States
Ph: +1-484-321-5328
E-mail: foil.usa@vpgsensors.com


WEIGHING AND CONTROL SYSTEMS
Norwood, MA • United States
Ph: +1-781-298-2200
E-mail: sys.usa@vpgsensors.com
 
Toronto, Ontario • Canada
Ph: +1-416-445-5850
E-mail: sys.can@vpgsensors.com


Sales Offices in Europe


VPG TRANSDUCERS
Basingstoke • United Kingdom
Ph: +44-125-646-2131
E-mail: lc.eur@vpgsensors.com


MICRO-MEASUREMENTS
Heilbronn • Germany
Ph: +49-7131-39099-0
E-mail: mm.eur@vpgsensors.com


VISHAY FOIL RESISTORS
Heilbronn • Germany
Ph:+49-7131-39099-190
E-mail: foil.de@vpgsensors.com


WEIGHING AND CONTROL SYSTEMS
Bradford • United Kingdom
Ph:+44-1274-782229
E-mail: sys.eur@vpgsensors.com


Sales Offices in Asia and Israel


VPG TRANSDUCERS
Taipei • Taiwan
Ph: +886-2-8692-6888
E-mail: lc.roc@vpgsensors.com
 
Tianjin • China
Ph: +86-22-2835-3503
E-mail: lc.cn@vpgsensors.com
 
Chennai • India
Ph: +91-44-3996-7815
E-mail: lc.in@vpgsensors.com
 
Holon • Israel
Ph: +972-3-557-0856
E-mail: lc.il@vpgsensors.com
 
VISHAY FOIL RESISTORS
Tokyo • Japan
Ph: +81-3-5282-2761
E-mail: foil.asia@vpgsensors.com
 
Holon • Israel
Ph: +972-3-557-0899 / 0924
E-mail: foil.il@vpgsensors.com


MICRO-MEASUREMENTS
Shanghai • China
Ph: +86-21-6448-6096
E-mail: mm.asia@vpgsensors.com
 
Holon • Israel
Ph: +972-3-557-0981
E-mail: mm.il@vpgsensors.com
 
WEIGHING AND CONTROL SYSTEMS
Taipei • Taiwan
Ph: +886-2-8692-6888
E-mail: sys.asia@vpgsensors.com
 
Holon • Israel
Ph: +972-3-557-0888
E-mail: sys.il@vpgsensors.com



 





 
 

  



VPG — Investor Relationsperformance through precisionHOMEFINANCIALSSTRATEGYREPORTING SEGMENTSEND MARKETSNEWSCorporate InformationOverviewDirectors & Executive OfficersCorporate GovernanceSpin-Off DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock & Shareholder InformationStock Quote & ChartHistorical PricesBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorFAQsPress ReleasesSEC FilingsDocumentsInsider FilingsAnnual Report & ProxyInvestor CommunicationsPresentationsAnalyst CoverageCalendar of EventsInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsIR Site MenuInvestor Search
            Entire IR Site
            Press Releases Only
            Filings OnlyVPG InvestorsPress ReleasesDisplay: All Press ReleasesEarnings ReleasesMerger ReleasesYear: All Years201720162015201420132012201120102009
                        Notify me when new press releases are posted to this site
                      .
                    Press ReleasesMore Press Releases...DateHeadlineFormat7/27/2017Vishay Precision Group Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Directors7/20/2017Vishay Precision Group Announces Date for Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call6/09/2017Vishay Precision Group, Inc. Announces Participation at the 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference5/18/2017VPG Announces Annual Meeting Location and Webcast5/09/2017VPG Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results 
                 Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseVPG (NYSE)
        InvestorsEnd MarketsCorporateProductsBrands3 Great Valley Parkway, Malvern, PA 19355Privacy & LegalCareersCopyright 2017, Vishay Precision Group







Overview -- Quick Facts | VPG 






























Skip to main content




 







 

Performance through Precision







Contact Us

Contact Us
Customer Gateway
 

 
 
















Overview
About Us
History
Quality
Glossary of Terms
Ethics
VideosSteel

Privacy and Legal
EHSREACH
RoHS
Conflict Minerals
Safety Data Sheets

News
Events
Careers
Contact Us
 



VPG Quick Facts


2,352 full time employees (Dec. 2015)
19 global facilities on three continents
Three reporting segments

Weighing and Control Systems
Force Sensors
Foil Technology Products

Product portfolio
Weighing and Control Systems
Transducers, load cells, modules
Instruments

Foil strain gages
Foil resistors


Sales channels

Original equipment manufacturers
Electronic manufacturing services
Distributors
End users




 







VPG Corporate













About VPG



About VPG
VPG is an internationally recognized designer, manufacturer and marketer of components based on its resistive foil technology, sensors, and sensor-based systems; specializing in the growing markets of stress, force, weight, pressure, and current measurements. We provide vertically integrated products and solutions that are primarily based upon our proprietary foil technology. These products are marketed under a variety of brand names that we believe are characterized as having a very high level of precision and quality. Our global operations enable us to produce a wide variety of products in strategically effective geographic locations that also optimize our resources for specific technologies, sensors, assemblies and systems.
Learn More 








Being Responsible



Being Responsible
At VPG, we’re committed to social, ethical and environmental responsibility. It drives policies and objectives for our worldwide organization.
EthicsEnvironmental Health and Safety 










VPG Corporate -- Mission Statement



Our Vision
Our vision is to be the leading provider of foil components, sensors, and sensor-based systems with the highest precision, quality, and service for measuring force (weight, pressure, torque, acceleration) and current.
Our strategy is to achieve corporate growth and shareholder value by expanding our existing product portfolio organically, as well as by acquiring complementary technology products. Specifically, we are focused on the following strategic initiatives: optimize our core competence, stimulate organic growth and grown through acquisition.
 








VPG Corporate -- Our History



Dr. Felix ZandmanOur History
In July, 2010, Vishay Intertechnology spun off its precision measurement and foil technology businesses through a tax-free stock dividend of VPG stock to Vishay Intertechnology’s stockholders and we became a publicly-traded company. We are an established, multi-national company that excels in the design and manufacture of sensors based on resistive foil technology and sensor-based systems specializing in the growing markets of stress, force, weight, pressure, and current measurements.
Learn More 









 

 
 

  









VISHAY PRECISION GROUP (VPG) -  Foil Resistors — ES Components | An Authorized Distributor



























































































VISHAY PRECISION GROUP (VPG) -  Foil Resistors


































































VPG Resistors Feature Low Temperature Coefficient of Resistance (TCR) and Excellent Long Term Stability in Harsh, High-Temperature Environments







Bulk Metal® Foil technology provides very low temperature coefficient of resistance (TCR) and exceptional long-term stability even in extreme temperatures. The devices provide a wide range of resistance values, including any specific resistance value within their given ranges.  Vishay Foil Resistors and Alpha Electronics, both brands of Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG), offer products suitable for a wide range of applications ranging from the high-vibration and high-temperature extremes of down hole drilling equipment and engine motor controls, to sophisticated ATE and test hardware, from lab instrumentation to avionics. Wherever precision, stability and high performance are paramount considerations. 








Ultra Precision Foil Resistor catalog



Unlike thin film or wirewound resistors, Bulk Metal Foil resistors owe their superior precision to the use of a special alloy foil, with a thickness of several microns, as the resistive element. Use of this metal foil as the resistance element provides superior performance not found in any other resistor technology. In particular the temperature coefficient of resistance (TCR) has been reduced to an unprecedented, extremely low levels thanks to strict quality control of the alloy composition and a newly developed foil stabilization treatment technology.New Featured Product!   VPG Now Offers Ultra-High-Precision Wraparound Resistors With Gold-Plated Terminals for High-Temperature Applications to +225 °CDatasheet:








Click to View or Download



To meet the growing demand for precise, stable, and reliable resistors that can operate in harsh environments, VPG Foil Resistors introduced a new series of ultra-high-precision Z1 Foil Technology wraparound surface-mount chip resistors designed for high-temperature applications to +225 °C.  Featuring gold-plated terminals for design flexibility, FRSG Series devices offer low TCR of ±2.5 ppm/°C maximum from -55 °C to +200 °C, +25 °C ref.; tight tolerances to ±0.01%; and load-life stability to ±0.1% after 2,000 hours of working power at 200 °C. Optimized for down-hole drilling, oil and gas exploration, and avionics, military, and space (AMS) applications, the resistors released today offer a resistance range from 10 Ω to 125 kΩ, with any conceivable ohmic value within this range — to six digits — available with no additional cost or lead time effect.  Available in six case sizes from 0603 to 2512, the devices provide working power to 750 mW at +70 °C and 300 mW at +200 °C.  The resistors feature a rise time of 1 ns with effectively no ringing, a thermal stabilization time of <1 s (within 10 ppm of steady state value), current noise of ≤0.010 μVrms/V of applied voltage (<-40 dB), and a voltage coefficient of <0.1 ppm/V. Offering the utmost in ESD immunity, the RoHS-compliant devices withstand electrostatic discharges of at least 25 kV for increased reliability and offer a non-inductive (<0.08 μH), non-capacitive design.





 




ES Components | An Authorized Distributor

Call Us: 978-422-7641
































Click image to learn more and search OUR off the shelf inventory







Sign-up now for our newsletter!
Be the first to see the Newest Products, Applications & Technologies!




Email Address




Sign Up


Thank you and we respect your privacy.
Thank you very much for giving us the privilege of allowing us to communicate with you!


















 












































Copyright 2017 ES Components L.L.C.  All rights reserved.



 









VISHAY PRECISION GROUP (VPG) - (Powertron) — ES Components | An Authorized Distributor



























































































VISHAY PRECISION GROUP (VPG) - (Powertron)

























































Precision High-Power Bulk Metal® Foil Resistors, and Thick Film Power Resistors







Powertron GmbH, a brand of Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG) and part of VPG’s Vishay Foil Resistors product line, is dedicated to the development, manufacturing, and marketing of high-precision foil, current sense, and thick film resistors for use in diverse applications.








Click to request a sample




Powertron offers a full complement of resistors for accurate, precise, and high-power circuits, with customization capabilities supporting virtually any package type.  Powertron focuses on delivering solutions with the best combination of power ratings, TCR, and resistance ranges.  Our foil resistor products include devices built on CuNiMn Bulk Metal® Foil for low-ohm, high-precision applications, with TCR down to 5 ppm and long-term stability of 0.1%; as well as NiCr foil for even higher levels of stability, with TCR of 1 ppm and long-term stability of 0.01%. A supplemental thick film product line is also available in a wide range of packages. Powertron produces thick film power resistors in standard sizes, in addition to custom solutions with “as-required” resistor values. Their products are used throughout the world in high-precision medical, aerospace, military, and industrial applications.Bulk Metal is a registered trademark of Vishay Precision Group, Inc.
Click below to download brochure.








Ckick to View



Vishay Precision Group (VPG) Powertron BrochureAre you interested in precision current sensing?  If so, visit our applications page:

Precision Current sensing applications
Need Help? We're Here For You.Chat With Us Or Email Customer Care. 








Click to visit our live chat page



 





 


 












































Copyright 2017 ES Components L.L.C.  All rights reserved.



 









VPG - Home Page













brands | investors | corporate
































HOME

BRANDS
Load Cells				

Celtron


Revere


Sensortronics


Tedea-Huntleigh



Micro-Measurements				

Micro-Measurements


Transducer-Class


StrainSmart


SR-4


M-Line Accessories


PhotoStress



Onboard Weighing Systems				

PM Onboard


SI Onboard




Process Weighing Systems				


Vishay Foil Resistors				


Vishay Foil Resistors


Alpha Electronics


Powertron





PRODUCTS

Load Cells				


Load Cells


Weigh Modules


Weight Indicators


Bonding Services


Custom Solutions




Micro-Measurements				


Stress Analysis Strain Gages


Transducer-Class® Strain Gage


Installation Accessories


PhotoStress®


Instruments


Training Programs




Onboard Weighing Systems				


Aircraft Weighing


Freight & Logistics


On-Board Weighing


Overload Protection




Process Weighing Systems				


Load Cells and Force Transducers


Web and Strip Tension


Instruments - Weighing and Force


Weighing and Force Accesories


Motion and Force Control


Pressure 




Vishay Foil Resistors				


Surface Mount


Through Hole


Power Current Sensors


Hermetically Sealed


Voltage Dividers & Networks


Trimmers


High Temperature


Hybrid Chips & PRND


Military & Space






COMPANY INFO


CONTACTS


Investors























VPG is an internationally recognized designer, manufacturer and marketer of systems and components based on its resistive foil technology, sensors, and sensor-based systems; specializing in the growing markets of stress, force, weight, pressure, and current measurements.
Our products include precision foil resistors, foil strain gages, and sensors that convert mechanical inputs into an electronic signal for display, processing, interpretation, or control by our instrumentation and systems products. Precision sensors are essential to the accurate measurement, resolution and display of force, weight, pressure, torque, tilt, motion, or acceleration, especially in the legal-for-trade, commercial, and industrial marketplaces.






Foil Technology Products Brands



Vishay Foil Resistors

Powertron

Alpha Electronics



						Producer of Ultra-Precision Bulk Metal® Foil resistors. 
						
TCR of 0.05 ppm/°C

ESD immunity > 25KV

Tolerance : 0.001%






Micro-Measurements


Providing high-precision strain gages, custom sensors, installation accessories, and instruments for test and measurement applications.





Force Sensors Brands


VPG Transducers




Celtron
Revere Transducers
Sensortronics
Tedea-Huntleigh



						Comprehensive product range suited to meet all your load cell requirements.
					



Weighing and Control Systems Brands



BLH Nobel

KELK


Providing solutions for process weighing and force measurement systems




VPG Onboard Weighing

PM Onboard
SI Onboard


Providing solutions for on-board weighing, overload protection, and special scales systems.








Copyright © 2010 - 2017 Vishay Precision Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Investors|Privacy & Legal|Contacts
















End Markets -- Test and Measurement | VPG 































Skip to main content




 







 

Performance through Precision







Contact Us

Contact Us
Customer Gateway
 

 
 

















Financials
Reporting Segments
Strategy
End Markets
 



End Markets

Precision Weighing
Test and Measurement
Process Weighing
Steel
Agriculture
Construction Equipment
Medical
Avionics Military Space
Offshore
Pulp and Paper
 

 



















VPG End Markets














Targeted End Markets
Our customer base and end markets are extremely broad, as we serve all market segments that require precision measurement of force, pressure, torque, and current.  The requirements for precision industrial measurements arise from the fact that precise test and measurement within production processes provide higher technology, new and better products and services, and cost savings for VPG customers.


















Test and Measurement
The test and measurement industry is a dynamic, fast-growing segment of the global economy.  Its key customers are manufacturers of electronics, and wireless and semiconductor devices.  Demand also comes from industries such as aerospace and defense, automotive, and transportation.  Test and measurement equipment is used to test products as they’re manufactured — confirming that they will perform as required.
The industry’s market drivers include the increasing demand for electronic products and the rising need for test and measurement equipment in semiconductor devices.










We’ve passed the test time and time again.
The test and measurement industry helps manufacturers monitor and improve the quality, safety, health compliance, and productivity of their products. We have extensive experience in this segment, offering products for a variety of test and measurement applications.
In stress analysis testing, our strain gages help confirm that a product designed to bear load can indeed take that load.  Automotive and aircraft products, for instance, undergo extensive stress analysis testing to ensure their safety.  Our foil resistors are used in a wide range of test and measurement equipment, where the stability of our resistors promises that the test output will be of the utmost accuracy and stability.





















 
 

  











Products | VPG 
































Skip to main content




 







 

Performance through Precision







Contact Us

Contact Us
Customer Gateway
 

 
 

















Overview
About Us
History
Quality
Glossary of Terms
Ethics
VideosSteel

Privacy and Legal
EHSREACH
RoHS
Conflict Minerals
Safety Data Sheets

News
Events
Careers
Contact Us
 





BRANDS
WEIGHING AND CONTROL SYSTEMS

BLH Nobel
KELK
VPG Onboard Weighing

FORCE SENSORS

VPG TRANSDUCERS

Celtron
Revere
Sensortronics
Tedea-Huntleigh


FOIL TECHNOLOGY PRODUCTS

Micro-Measurements
Vishay Foil Resistors
Alpha Electronics
Powertron




 

















VPG Products













All
Weighing and Control Systems
Force Sensors
Foil Technology Products















weighing and control systems
The Weighing and Control Systems segment designs and manufactures complete systems comprised of load cells and instrumentation for weighing and force control/measurement for a variety of uses, include on-board weighing and overload monitoring systems. Typical applications for our Weighing and Control Systems products are process weighing of chemicals, food and pharmaceuticals; aircraft and truck weighing and overload protection; weight force and process optimization in steel and paper mills; and force measurement for offshore oil and gas exploration.












Systems for Process Weighing
We manufacture high-performance solutions for weighing and batching in the process industry.  Our systems perform with high accuracy over a wide temperature range — and despite vibration and other harsh conditions — whether they are used in quality reactor vessels, ingredient storage bins, clean-in-place batching processes, or anywhere else in the process industry.  These systems control process weighing in food, chemical, and pharmaceutical plants. Learn More








Systems for Steel Production
Our products are the most reliable part of any mill stand.  They have to be to perform without failure under the harshest of environments imaginable.   Incorporating strain gages as sensing elements and constructed from solid, high strength stainless steel forgings, our products outperform and outlive competitive products when used as original equipment and as replacement in mills – which accounts for our high percentage of retrofit business in the steel industry.  With our recent acquisition, we have added certain optical gages for control systems and enhanced our other product offerings for process control in the steel mill industry. Learn More












Web and Strip Tension Transducers
Web tension sensors and controllers are used on continuous processing machinery for applications such as paper and roofing material production, printing, metal rolling, cutting, embossing, punching and forming. Typically, force sensors are placed at each end of an idler roll that is part of a machine frame and over which the web travels in the process. Thereby, the idler roll equipped with sensors measures the force placed upon the roller from the web. The output signal from the sensor can be used to control such parameters as the magnitude of the web tension, the speed of the web, the alignment of the web, or to detect breakage in the processing of the web. Learn More








Systems for Onboard Weighing and Overload Monitoring
An onboard weighing system is used to weigh a load carried by a vehicle with the system being wholly contained within the vehicle. The system is used not only for measuring the weight of a load as it is being placed on a vehicle; it is also used to weigh portions of a load being removed from a vehicle. Typically this occurs where a vehicle is used to transport a load of material to various locations and at each location some of the load is removed. There are onboard weighing models available for tractor-trailers and vocational trucks in a variety of applications, including trash collection, dump trucks, and concrete mixers. The biggest benefits to truck operators are reduced loading and adjustment times, since onboard scales allow for loading the vehicle to the maximum legal limit on-site. In addition, they allow for maximized payloads on every trip and the elimination of overweight fines. Learn More
















Force Sensors
The Force Sensors segment includes a broad line of load cells and force measurement transducers that are offered as precision sensors for industrial and commercial use. Typical applications for force sensors are in medical devices (such as hospital beds and medication dosing), agricultural equipment (for precision force measurement), and construction machinery (for tipping and overload protection). These sensors use our foil technology products, which serve as sensing elements and components within each unit. Further integration of our load cells technology is also offered as part of our weighing module products, which provide customers with a complete sensor assembly that may be used within a wide variety of digital transducers.












Load Cells
Load cells are mechanical components which act as force sensors by employing strain gages to provide an electrical output proportional to the applied force. Typically the electrical output is either analog (voltage or current) or digital. Load cells have specific mechanical packaging and sensing orientation to fit into electronic scales, and testing and monitoring systems. Load cells can be used for tension, compression, and/or shear measurement. Tension load cells are used for measuring forces that are in-line and "pull apart". Compression load cells are used to measure forces that are in-line and "push together". Shear load cells are used to measure tension or compression forces that are offset (not in-line). When selecting load cells, there are many form factors or packages to choose from to insure their physical size is compatible with space available for the application, such as inside an electronic weighing scale. Learn More








Weigh Modules
Weigh modules are subassemblies designed to be mounted to tanks, trucks, bins, silos and other applications requiring an integrated weighing system. There are two basic types of weigh modules: compression and tension. Compression weigh modules are used to convert static loading applications such as tanks, or dynamic applications such as conveyors, into a scale. In tanks and other static structures, the weigh modules mount under the legs or supporting structure. Tension weigh modules convert a suspended tank or hopper into a scale. Mounting hardware ensures that only vertical load is measured, providing reliable weighing. Learn More












Weight Indicators and Controllers
Weighing indicators and controllers are electronic instruments used for a range of applications from simple weight displays and data collection to control of an entire automated process including adding multiple ingredients to a batch recipe formulation, turning on a motor, or starting a conveyor. Weighing indicators and controllers are also used for inventory management and traceability. Typically controllers are supplied with programmable software. Learn More








Custom Solutions
VPG Transducers’ comprehensive R&D and Production facilities offer a full range of services to customers who require specialized weighing and force measurement solutions.  With emphasis on high flexibility and adaptation to customer time-to-design, for sensors in any shape or capacity, we provide design support to each customer’s engineering team and tailor products to meet unique requirements.  Our custom sensor solutions can be found in applications ranging from vehicle stability systems in construction equipment, to tractor load pins and sensors in agricultural equipment, to load cells and specialized force sensors for integrated weighing systems and medical equipment. Learn More












Bonding Services
Our bonding service is aimed at strain gage users who do not have their own in-house bonding capabilities, or those who require extra capacity. Because we provide this service to many companies worldwide, we can offer fast response to sample requests, while also supplying large-scale projects.
Our use of Micro-Measurements (MM) strain gages and installation accessories ensures that the customer gets the best materials available, and fast turnover in our production ensures that we always use only the newest materials. Learn More




















Foil Technology Products
The Foil Technology Products segment includes our foil resistor and strain gages operating segments. Typical applications for foil resistors include high end test equipment for the aviation, military and space, semiconductor, process control, oil and gas and medical markets. Typical applications for high strain gages are stress analysis for structural testing in the aviation, military and space, infrastructure and construction markets. The products in these segments are based on our resistive foil technology, which continues to evolve and enables both products to be suited for new and varied applications.












Foil Strain Gages
Strain gages are resistive sensors whose resistance is a function of applied strain (unit deformation). Stress is calculated from the strain information. Typically a strain gage is attached to a structure and when such a structure is deformed (tension, compression, shear), the resistive strands in the strain gage follow the structure deformation which causes an electrical resistance change. The resistance change is then expressed in units of strain or stress. Strain gages are used in transducers that convert force, pressure, tension, etc., into an electrical signal. They are also used for measuring strain in structures (stress analysis) such as airplanes, cars, machines, bridges and other structures. Performance specifications to consider when searching for strain gages include operating temperature, the state of the strain (including gradient, direction, magnitude, and time dependence), and the stability required by the application. Learn More








Bulk Metal® Foil Resistors
Resistors are electrical components that oppose the flow of current. They are used to protect, operate, or control circuits. In addition to being supplied as individual components of a single resistance value, resistors can also be supplied as pre-configured resistor networks with multiple resistors inside a common package. Voltages can be reduced with individual resistors or divided into separate voltages with the use of resistor networks. Performance specifications to consider when searching for resistors include resistance range, tolerance, power rating, continuous operating voltage, temperature coefficient, (TCR), Resistance change due to power (PCR), and operating temperature. Learn More












Strain Gage Instrumentation
Data acquisition instrumentation is used to sample real world physical conditions and conversion of the resulting samples into digital numeric values that can be manipulated by a computer. The components of data acquisition systems include sensors that convert physical parameters to electrical signals, signal conditioning circuitry to convert analog waveforms into digital values for processing, and software programs using various general purpose programming languages. Learn More








Current Sensing Resistors
Current sensing resistors convert the current flowing through them to a voltage drop. Monitoring or measuring this voltage drop allows the current through the resistor to be measured. Typical uses for current sensing resistors include electric motor control, surge protection circuits for electronic products, energy optimization in battery powered portable products, high precision weight measurements, control of X-Y displacement, and many other applications. Learn More












PhotoStress
PhotoStress® is a popular and widely used technique for measuring surface strains to determine the stresses on a part or structure during static or dynamic testing. A special strain-sensitive plastic coating is first bonded to the test part. Then, as test or service loads are applied to the part, the coating is illuminated by polarized light from a reflection polariscope. When viewed through the polariscope, the coating displays the strains in a colorful, informative pattern which immediately reveals the overall strain distribution and pinpoints highly strain areas. With an optical transducer (compensator) attached to the polariscope, quantitative stress analysis can be quickly and easily performed. Learn More





















 
 

  






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




























Vishay Precision Group, Inc. - VPG - Stock Price Today - Zacks









 




























 


Free Gift
	for Zacks.com visitors
 

		VPG is down -1.13% today, but where's it headed in August?
 


   

 Privacy Policy

		No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever.
 


















 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top








more

























 Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG)
(Delayed Data from NYSE)



$17.50 USD
17.50
13,354


                -0.20                (-1.13%)
              

Updated Jul 28, 2017 04:02 PM ET




Add to portfolio
 





Zacks Rank:



                                                 3-Hold     3     




Style Scores:



A Value | B Growth | F Momentum | B VGM                


The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.


Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores





Industry Rank:



 Top 42%(110 out of 265) 
Industry: Electronics - Miscellaneous Components




View All Zacks #1 Ranked Stocks




Trades from
$1

 



This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%


 Zacks Rank Education - Learn about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports



The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
        Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank
        









Quote Overview
















Stock Activity



Open
17.60


Day Low
17.50


Day High
17.85


52 Wk Low
11.75


52 Wk High
19.45


Avg. Volume
19,709


Market Cap
215.81 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
0.95





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.24


Current Qtr Est
0.24


Current Yr Est
0.85


Exp Earnings Date
*BMO8/8/17


Prior Year EPS
0.74


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)18.00%


Forward PE
20.95


PEG Ratio
1.16










Computer and Technology » Electronics - Miscellaneous Components



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for VPG



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



News for VPG

Zacks News for VPG
Other News for VPG



Electronic Stocks Earnings Results on Aug 9: BW, VPG & AMSC
08/08/16-8:12AM EST  Zacks

Vishay Precision Group
06/21/11-12:00AM EST  Zacks

VPG: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services


More Zacks News for VPG




Vishay Precision Group Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Directors
07/27/17-7:30AM EST  Business Wire

Vishay Precision Group Announces Date for Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call
07/20/17-7:30AM EST  Business Wire

Vishay Precision Group (VPG) Presents At 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference - Slideshow
06/16/17-2:01AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Vishay Precision Group (VPG) Investor Presentation - Slideshow
05/26/17-2:30AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Vishay posts 1Q profit
05/09/17-7:57AM EST  Associated Press, The


More Other News for VPG





Premium Research for VPG





Zacks Rank


 Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 42%(110 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 44% (7  out of 16) 



Style Scores

A Value | B Growth | F Momentum | B VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for VPG

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Vishay Precision Group, Inc.
VPG



AAC Technologies Holdings Inc.
AACAY



AVX Corporation
AVX



Kemet Corporation
KEM



Kyocera Corporation
KYO



Littelfuse, Inc.
LFUS



TE Connectivity Ltd.
TEL




See all Electronics - Miscellaneous Components Peers


 








Price and EPS Surprise Chart














1 Month
3 Months
YTD





Interactive Chart | Fundamental Chart



Billion Dollar Secret



Company Summary
Vishay Precision Group, Inc. is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of resistive foil technology products such as resistive sensors, weighing modules, and control systems for a wide variety of applications. The Company provides vertically integrated products and solutions for multiple growing markets in the areas of stress measurement, industrial weighing, and manufacturing process control. Its product portfolio includes: Bulk Metal® foil resistors and sensors; Strain gages and instruments; Load cells; Modules; PhotoStress® products etc. The Company also provides systems to control process weighing in food, chemical, and pharmaceutical plants; force measurement systems used to control web tension in paper mills, roller force in steel mills, and cable tension in winch controls; on-board weighing systems installed in logging and waste-handling trucks; and special scale systems used for aircraft weighing and portable truck weighing. Vishay Precision Group, Inc. is based in Malvern, Pennsylvania.   

















 

























VPG  | Performance through Precision




























Skip to main content




 







 

Performance through Precision







Contact Us

Contact Us
Customer Gateway
 

 
 

















 



Accuracy.  Stability.  Reliability.
 
 


VPG’s foil resistors and strain gages deliver a high degree of precision and accuracy in harsh environments with extreme shifts in temperature and pressure. End markets include offshore drilling, alternative energy (solar and wind), avionics, military and space.
 
 
 

Learn More 
 
 
 
 


 



Accuracy.  Stability.  Reliability.
 
 


VPG’s state-of-the-art strain gages, foil resistors, load cells and control systems are internationally recognized as products with the highest precision, accuracy and dependability when accuracy and stability matter.
 
 

Learn More 
 
 
 
 


 



Accuracy.  Stability.  Reliability.
 
 


VPG’s load cells, weighing modules and instruments are found in a wide variety of process weighing end markets, from food processing and chemical applications, to agriculture. Our systems perform with high accuracy over a wide temperature range — despite vibration and other harsh conditions.
 
 

Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 







 


 










 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 







Investors
Brands
Products
Corporate
News
Careers
 









 








Our solutions make your life better



VPG is an internationally recognized designer, manufacturer and marketer of resistive foil technology, sensors, and sensor-based systems to niche, industrial applications.   Our products, systems and solutions are marketed under a variety of brand names that have a very high level of precision and quality. 
Our vision is to be the leading provider of foil components, sensors, and sensor-based systems with the highest precision, quality, and service for measuring force (weight, pressure, torque, acceleration) and current.  Our strategy is to achieve corporate growth and shareholder value by expanding our existing product portfolio, as well as by acquiring complementary technology products.
The precision sensor market is influenced by the significant increase in intelligent products across many end markets, including medical, agricultural, transportation, industrial, avionics, military, and space applications.  As products become “smarter,” we will be there to provide solutions that link the mechanical world with digital control and response.   Performance through precision.  It’s in our DNA.
 















      Latest Financial News    



  
Vishay Precision Group Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Directors (July 27, 2017) 

Vishay Precision Group Announces Date for Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call (July 20, 2017) 

Vishay Precision Group, Inc. Announces Participation at the 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference (June 9, 2017) 
 
 







      Latest Product News    



  
VPG Foil Resistors Announces Ultra-High Precision Military and Space Grade Resistors for High-Performance Current Sensing within Mission-Critical Applications (July 6, 2017) 

Next-Generation Intuition Series Weight Indicators from VPG Transducers Offer 10X Expanded Memory and New Standard Features (July 5, 2017) 

VPG Transducers Introduces Extensometer for Industrial, EN15000 and EN280 Compliant Off-Highway Vehicle and Equipment Safety Applications (June 20, 2017) 
 
 







  
 

  





Vishay Precision : Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Directors | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nyse  >  Vishay Precision Group Inc    VPG










     VISHAY PRECISION GROUP INC (VPG)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 07/28 10:02:02 pm

17.5
USD
 
-1.13%










07/27 VISHAY PRECISIO : VPG) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive..


07/27 VISHAY PRECISIO : Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Indep..


07/20 VISHAY PRECISIO : Announces Date for Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conf..

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Vishay Precision : Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Directors



































0






07/27/2017 | 01:31pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields






      Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (NYSE: VPG), a leading global producer of 
      precision sensors and systems, today announced the appointment of two 
      new independent members to its Board of Directors, Bruce Lerner, Ph.D. 
      and Wes Cummins.
    

      Marc Zandman, Chairman of the Board of Vishay Precision Group, said, “We 
      believe these appointments provide valuable depth and breadth of 
      experience and strategic counsel for our Board. Bruce’s proven ability 
      to manage complex global operations and his track record of successful 
      growth through diversification are an excellent fit as we look to the 
      future. We also welcome the expertise and focus that Wes brings to bear 
      in the areas of strategic finance and capital allocation. We are 
      fortunate to have the unique perspective of these strong advisors in our 
      efforts to ensure we maximize value creation for our shareholders.”
    

      Dr. Lerner currently serves as President and CEO of PeroxyChem, LLC, a 
      private equity-backed, well-diversified, global specialty chemicals 
      company, a position he has held since 2014. From 2007 to 2014, he served 
      as vice president and global business director with FMC Peroxygens, 
      where he led the business through a strategic transformation from a pure 
      commodities business into a specialty chemicals business with a 
      diversified portfolio of products. Dr. Lerner began his career in 1993 
      as a staff chemist at Engelhard Corporation and continued, through 
      acquisition, at BASF Corporation, where he developed and patented two 
      new products. Between 1993 and 2007, he served in a variety of sales, 
      marketing, business development and operational roles with increasing 
      responsibility. Since 2007, Dr. Lerner has also served as a board member 
      and director for Thai Peroxide Ltd., a joint-venture chemicals company 
      based in Thailand serving Asia.
    

      Dr. Lerner earned his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of 
      Massachusetts at Amherst and his Master of Science degree in Industrial 
      Chemistry from the University of Central Florida. He earned his Ph.D. in 
      Inorganic Chemistry from Northwestern University in 1993, where he 
      completed his thesis in the area of Catalysis & Surface Science. Dr. 
      Lerner is the author of more than 25 peer-reviewed publications.
    

      Mr. Cummins has been an analyst with Nokomis Capital, L.L.C., an 
      investment advisory firm which currently owns approximately 15.9 percent 
      of VPG’s outstanding common stock, since October 2012. Mr. Cummins also 
      currently serves as a director of Telenav, Inc. (NASDAQ: TNAV), a 
      leading provider of location-based platform services, since August, 
      2016. From March 2011 to September 2012, Mr. Cummins was an analyst for 
      Harvey Partners. Prior to that position, Mr. Cummins was at B. Riley & 
      Co. (NASDAQ: RILY), an investment banking firm, from February 2002 to 
      2011. He served in increasing positions of responsibility there, 
      including as an equity research analyst, Director of Research, Capital 
      Markets Director and, prior to his departure, as President of B. Riley & 
      Co. Mr. Cummins holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business 
      Administration from Washington University in St. Louis. Mr. Cummins has 
      been appointed to the Board in accordance with the terms of an agreement 
      with Nokomis previously announced March 27, 2017 and amended concurrent 
      with Mr. Cummins’ appointment.
    

About VPG


      Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG) is an internationally recognized 
      designer, manufacturer and marketer of: components based on its 
      resistive foil technology; sensors; and sensor-based measurement systems 
      specializing in the growing markets of stress, force, weight, pressure, 
      and current measurements. VPG is a market leader of foil technology 
      products, providing ongoing technology innovations in precision foil 
      resistors and foil strain gages, which are the foundation of the 
      company's force sensors products and its weighing and control systems. 
      The product portfolio consists of a variety of well-established brand 
      names recognized for precision and quality in the marketplace. To learn 
      more, visit VPG at www.vpgsensors.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      From time to time, information provided by us, including but not limited 
      to statements in this report, or other statements made by or on our 
      behalf, may contain "forward-looking" information within the meaning of 
      the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements 
      involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, many of 
      which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, 
      performance, or achievements to differ materially from those anticipated.
    

      Such statements are based on current expectations only, and are subject 
      to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Should one or more of 
      these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying 
      assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from 
      those anticipated, expected, estimated, or projected. Among the factors 
      that could cause actual results to materially differ include: general 
      business and economic conditions; difficulties or delays in completing 
      acquisitions and integrating acquired companies (including the 
      acquisitions of Stress-Tek and Pacific Instruments); the inability to 
      realize anticipated synergies and expansion possibilities; difficulties 
      in new product development; changes in competition and technology in the 
      markets that we serve and the mix of our products required to address 
      these changes; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; difficulties 
      in implementing our cost reduction strategies, such as underutilization 
      of production facilities, labor unrest or legal challenges to our 
      lay-off or termination plans, operation of redundant facilities due to 
      difficulties in transferring production to achieve efficiencies; and 
      other factors affecting our operations, markets, products, services, and 
      prices that are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
      fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. We undertake no obligation to 
      publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
      result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170727005308/en/















 © Business Wire 2017





































0






 






Latest news on VISHAY PRECISION GROUP INC




07/27 VISHAY PRECISION GROUP, INC. (NYSE : VPG) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Def..

07/27 VISHAY PRECISION GROUP, INC. : Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Chang..

07/27 VISHAY PRECISION : Appoints Bruce Lerner and Wes Cummins as New Independent Dire..

07/20 VISHAY PRECISION : Announces Date for Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call

07/06 VISHAY PRECISION : VPG Foil Resistors Announces Ultra-High Precision Military an..

07/05 VISHAY PRECISION : Next-Generation Intuition Series Weight Indicators from VPG T..

06/20 VISHAY PRECISION : VPG Transducers Introduces Extensometer for Industrial, EN150..

06/09 VISHAY PRECISION : Announces Participation at the 2017 Marcum Microcap Conferenc..

05/31 VISHAY PRECISION : Micro-Measurements Introduces Transducer Class Multi-Grid Str..

05/31 VISHAY PRECISION : Micro-Measurements Announces Successful Integration of Advanc..



More news




News from SeekingAlpha




06/16 Vishay Precision Group (VPG) Presents At 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference - Sl..

05/26 Vishay Precision Group (VPG) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

05/09 Vishay Precision's (VPG) CEO Ziv Shoshani on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ..

05/09 Vishay Precision misses by $0.03, beats on revenue

03/29 Vishay Precision (VPG) Presents At Sidoti & Company Spring 2017 Emerging Grow..


 







 





Financials ($)
 




            Sales             2017            
236 M 

            EBIT             2017            
16,4 M 

            Net income             2017            
9,76 M 

            Finance 2017            
32,6 M 

            Yield             2017            
- 





            P/E ratio 2017            
24,58 

            P/E ratio 2018            
19,24 

            
            EV / Sales 2017            
            
0,85x 

            EV / Sales 2018
            
0,76x 

            Capitalization            
            
234 M 



More Financials
 



Chart VISHAY PRECISION GROUP INC




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 

Technical analysis trends VISHAY PRECISION GROUP INC
 
Short TermMid-TermLong TermTrendsNeutralBullishNeutral 

Technical analysis


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    BUY    
Number of Analysts

    2    
Average target price

22,5 $ 
Spread / Average Target

27% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleZiv Shoshani
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Marc Zandman
Non-Executive Chairman
William M. Clancy
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Saul V. Reibstein
Independent Director
Timothy V. Talbert
Independent Director
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

VISHAY PRECISION GROUP INC-7.41%236





SMC CORP27.17%21 507

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC.38.11%15 438

COGNEX CORPORATION49.53%8 266

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES INC15.45%7 884

SHIMADZU CORPORATION17.65%5 811


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave













VPG Corporate -- Video: Steel | VPG 






























Skip to main content




 







 

Performance through Precision







Contact Us

Contact Us
Customer Gateway
 

 
 

















Overview
About Us
History
Quality
Glossary of Terms
Ethics
VideosSteel

Privacy and Legal
EHSREACH
RoHS
Conflict Minerals
Safety Data Sheets

News
Events
Careers
Contact Us
 

 







VPG Corporate 

 
 
Reliable systems. Better steel.
VPG’s valuable proprietary technology delivers strong potential growth with attractive economics. The company has extensive knowledge of the metals measurement processing industry. VPG’s strength in this end market is achieved through a combination of intellectual property, engineering talent, and new products.



 
 

  











Brands | VPG 






























Skip to main content




 







 

Performance through Precision







Contact Us

Contact Us
Customer Gateway
 

 
 

















Overview
About Us
History
Quality
Glossary of Terms
Ethics
VideosSteel

Privacy and Legal
EHSREACH
RoHS
Conflict Minerals
Safety Data Sheets

News
Events
Careers
Contact Us
 





PRODUCTS
WEIGHING AND CONTROL SYSTEMS

For Process Weighing

Load cells
Weigh modules
Instrumentation



For Force Measurement and Control

Load cells
Force transducers
Weigh modules
Extensometers
Web and strip tension transducers
Laser velocimeters
Hot metal detectors
Displacement transducers



For On-Board Weighing and Overload Monitoring

Load cells
Sensors
Instrumentation
Scales/Platforms


FORCE SENSORS

Load cells
Weigh modules
Weight indicators and controllers
Custom solutions
Strain gage installation services

FOIL TECHNOLOGY PRODUCTS

Foil strain gages
Bulk Metal® foil resistors
Current sensing resistors
PhotoStress®


For Strain Gage Instrumentation

Strain indicators and calibrators
Signal conditioning amplifiers
Data acquisition systems
Special-purpose instruments





 

















VPG Brands
 













All
Weighing and Control Systems
Force Sensors
Foil Technology Products















weighing and control systems
The Weighing and Control Systems segment designs and manufactures complete systems comprised of load cells and instrumentation for weighing and force control/measurement for a variety of uses, include on-board weighing and overload monitoring systems. Typical applications for our Weighing and Control Systems products are process weighing of chemicals, food and pharmaceuticals; aircraft and truck weighing and overload protection; weight force and process optimization in steel and paper mills; and force measurement for offshore oil and gas exploration.













BLH
BLH Nobel
BLH Nobel is a world leader in process weighing and force measurement, producing high-quality and high-accuracy weighing systems.  BLH Nobel load cells maximize accuracy and minimize the effects of mixing, agitation, and temperature changes in critical process weighing stages. The brand’s signal conditioners and process control systems are designed to comply with stringent requirements of the chemical, steel, food, and pharmaceutical industries, and offer a wide variety of communication protocols used in complex production lines.
BLH Nobel applications engineers help customers configure the right system for their specific projects and provide extensive technical documentation that simplifies operation and maintenance.  These custom solutions range from backdrop control systems in theaters and opera houses to crane weighing in oil rigs.  BLH Nobel has thousands of strain-gage-based systems installations worldwide with field service personnel available for installations and repair. Learn More














Kelk
KELK
KELK specializes in the design and manufacturing of high accuracy and performance sensors and systems for the steel and aluminum industries - mainly for rolling mills. We offer five product families: rolling force measuring load cells systems and pressure transmitters; web tension measurement load cells and systems; optical strip width gages; laser velocimeters for speed and length measurements, and closed-loop crop optimization control systems for optimal strip cuts. Our products meet the most demanding requirements of the steel and aluminum industries, providing high accuracy and reliability under the most demanding harsh conditions of rolling mills. We have been exceeding customers’ expectations for more than 60 years. Learn More














VPG OnBoard Weighing
VPG Onboard Weighing
VPG Onboard Weighing is a recognized leader in the design, manufacturing and sales of on-board weighing systems for vans, light commercial vehicles, heavy trucks, bucket loaders, and aircraft.  It is the largest global manufacturer of onboard weighing systems with direct sales offices in 10 countries across North America, Europe and Asia and an extensive dealer network - providing sales, service and installation.  R&D is located in the UK and in the USA, and is staffed by electronic and software developers, and mechanical CAD designers.  Onboard Weighing continues to innovate and develop new products to satisfy the ever-evolving needs of its valued customers. Learn More

















Force Sensors
The Force Sensors segment includes a broad line of load cells and force measurement transducers that are offered as precision sensors for industrial and commercial use. Typical applications for force sensors are in medical devices (such as hospital beds and medication dosing), agricultural equipment (for precision force measurement), and construction machinery (for tipping and overload protection). These sensors use our foil technology products, which serve as sensing elements and components within each unit. Further integration of our load cells technology is also offered as part of our weighing module products, which provide customers with a complete sensor assembly that may be used within a wide variety of digital transducers.













VPG Transducers
VPG Transducers
VPG Transducers is comprised of the Tedea-Huntleigh, Sensortronics, Revere, and Celtron brands of VPG.  Our transducers use advanced strain gage technology, enabling VPG to offer a wide range of standard and custom-tailored sensors and solutions for measuring force (weight, torque, pressure, etc.). Learn More














Revere Transducers
The Revere Transducers product portfolio includes both load cells and indicating devices. Known for decades for a product offering that includes single-point, single-ended beam, and universal load cells, growth of Revere’s reputation has been built on a range of medium- and high-capacity double-ended shear beam, ring torsion and compression load cells. These products are used in industrial environments ranging from on-board vehicle weighing, “Sale-By-Weight” and applications in hazardous area locations. The Revere brand also includes a complete line of high-quality weight indicators and instrumentation for the weighing industry. Learn More










Tedea-Huntleigh
Tedea-Huntleigh has been known for decades for a range of single-point load cells for retail and industrial scales, and bending beams and shear beams for industrial weighing platforms.  Manufactured to precise tolerances, king them easier to install and calibrate, bringing lower cost of ownership to the user. More recently, the range has been extended to include special weight and force sensors for machinery automation and safety systems, while maintaining the reputation for tight tolerances and ease of installation and use. Learn More














Celtron
Combining skilled craftsmanship and modern manufacturing techniques, Celtron has been the preferred choice for many weighing scale manufacturers worldwide since 1987.  Celtron pioneered many load cell models that are recognized in the industry for their reliability, precision, and professional appearance.  Today, Celtron is known for its products ranging from aluminum single points, to high-capacity stainless steel load cells with a reputation for best value in the weighing industry for quality, price and performance.  Learn More










Sensortronics
Sensortronics has been known since the seventies as a premier manufacturer of alloy and stainless-steel load cells for the industrial and process weighing market, and a supplier for the OEM scale market.  Sensortronics’ shear beams are widely recognized as the industry’s best for performance and quality. Today, this expertise in manufacturing of a wide selection of load cells allows Sensortronics to remain the “preferred” load cell for many scale manufacturers.  The combination of quality and performance for industrial load cells makes Sensortronics a leader in the industry. Learn More

















Foil Technology Products
The Foil Technology Products segment includes our foil resistor and strain gages operating segments. Typical applications for foil resistors include high end test equipment for the aviation, military and space, semiconductor, process control, oil and gas and medical markets. Typical applications for high strain gages are stress analysis for structural testing in the aviation, military and space, infrastructure and construction markets. The products in these segments are based on our resistive foil technology, which continues to evolve and enables both products to be suited for new and varied applications.













VPG Foil Resistors
VPG Foil Resistors
VPG Foil Resistors includes three premier brands that represent unparalleled precision, stability and reliability: Vishay Foil Resistors, Alpha Electronics and Powertron. Our resistor portfolio encompasses a wide variety of configurations and packages designed to surpass the requirements of even the most demanding applications.  Learn More














Vishay Foil Resistors
Vishay Foil Resistors produces the most precise and stable resistors available.  Our product portfolio includes discrete resistors and resistor networks in surface mount and through-hole (fixed-lead) configurations; customized chip resistor networks; precision trimming potentiometers; and discrete chips for use in hybrid circuits. These devices are used in applications requiring a high degree of precision and stability, such as in medical testing equipment, semiconductor equipment, precision measuring instruments, aerospace, and military applications. Learn More










Alpha Electronics
Alpha Electronics has been a manufacturer of Bulk Metal® Foil resistors since 1978. Known worldwide for their accuracy and reliability, the components are widely used in a range of applications, including automatic test equipment (ATE); weighing scales; precision instrumentation; aerospace, military, laboratory and metrology, and medical systems; industrial process control; high-end audio; and more. Alpha Electronics now provides Bulk Metal® Foil metrology standard resistors that conform to Japanese National Standards regulations, and is working in conjunction with the National Metrology Institute of Japan (NMJ) to further develop the technology.  Learn More














Powertron
Powertron develops, manufactures, and markets high-precision foil, current sense, and thick film resistors for use in diverse applications and offers a full complement of resistors for accurate, precise, and high-power circuits, with customization capabilities supporting virtually any package type.
Powertron focuses on delivering solutions with the best combination of power ratings, TCR, and resistance ranges with foil resistor products that include devices built on CuNiMn Bulk Metal® Foil for low-ohm, high-precision applications; and NiCr foil for even higher levels of stability.  A supplemental thick film product line is also available in a wide range of packages. Learn More


















Micro-Measurements
Micro-Measurements
Micro-Measurements is dedicated to the development, manufacture, and marketing of sensors for high-precision strain measurement. Micro-Measurements offers a full complement of sensors, strain gages, PhotoStress® equipment and coatings, data acquisition systems, and supplies necessary to obtain accurate, reliable stress data. Our products are used throughout the industrialized world — both in the practice of stress measurements analysis and as the sensing elements in a wide variety of transducers for measuring physical variables (weight, force, torque, pressure, etc.). Learn More














Pacific Instruments
Pacific Instruments
Pacific Instruments Inc. is an industry leader in the design, manufacture and support of state-of-the-art signal conditioning and data acquisition systems for static, dynamic and transient test environments. Major aerospace and vehicle companies, government-funded research agencies and the military use these systems to measure, record and analyze information and results from research and development projects. Pacific Instruments’ advanced technology is enabling these companies to efficiently solve real-world problems for test facilities such as; rocket & turbine engines, wind tunnels, aerospace & civil structures, energetics and general scientific research.


















 
 

  





























Vishay Precision Group | TTI, Inc.






















Need help?  My Support




Internet Sales / Support
 877-645-4884
                                             Send Email
                                        



Call Your Local Branch:
 800-CALL-TTI
                                        





{{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.isr.firstName}} {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.isr.lastName}}
                                            {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.isr.title}}
                                            {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.isr.phone}}
                                        



{{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.osr.firstName}} {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.osr.lastName}}
                                            {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.osr.title}}
                                            {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.osr.phone}}
                                        



Contact Both Reps






{{selectedAccount.supportTeam.isr.firstName}} {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.isr.lastName}}
 {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.isr.title}}
                                             {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.isr.phone}}
                                        



{{selectedAccount.supportTeam.osr.firstName}} {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.osr.lastName}}
 {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.osr.title}}
                                             {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.osr.phone}}
                                        



Contact Both Reps













                            Welcome to TTI,
                            
                                {{accountJson.data.firstName}}!
                            


                            Welcome to TTI, {{accountJson.data.firstName}}!
                        
Welcome to TTI!


Need help?  

My Support




Internet Sales / Support
 877-645-4884
                                             Send Email
                                        



Call Your Local Branch:
 800-CALL-TTI
                                        





{{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.isr.firstName}} {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.isr.lastName}}
                                            {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.isr.title}}
                                            {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.isr.phone}}
                                        



{{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.osr.firstName}} {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.osr.lastName}}
                                            {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.osr.title}}
                                            {{accountJson.data.customer[0].supportTeam.osr.phone}}
                                        



Contact Both Reps






{{selectedAccount.supportTeam.isr.firstName}} {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.isr.lastName}}
 {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.isr.title}}
                                             {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.isr.phone}}
                                        



{{selectedAccount.supportTeam.osr.firstName}} {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.osr.lastName}}
 {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.osr.title}}
                                             {{selectedAccount.supportTeam.osr.phone}}
                                        



Contact Both Reps












                                        {{cartInfo.cartPartsCount}} Item(s) in Cart
                                          | 
                                    



                                        0 Item(s) in Cart
                                          | 
                                    



Login



 {{selectedAccount.accountNumber}} 
                              
                               



             {{accounts.accountNumber}} - {{accounts.accountNickName}}




Update Profile



Logout





{{accounts.accountNumber}}

                                 


Update Profile



Logout





My Account

                                 


Update Profile



Logout





 {{selectedAccount.accountNumber}}
                                
                                 



                                            {{accounts.accountNumber}} - {{accounts.accountNickName}}




Logout




Logout



{{accounts.accountNumber}}




Logout



























×
Invalid Input


Please enter at least three characters in the Part Search field.


 Close 

























MENU



TOOLS & SERVICES




























Browse Products







                            Passive Components
                            




                                        Audio & Signal Transformers
                                    



                                        Capacitors
                                    



                                        Crystals
                                    



                                        EMI Filters / EMI Suppression
                                    



                                        Frequency Control & Timing Devices
                                    



                                        Inductors, Chokes & Coils
                                    



                                        Potentiometers, Trimmers & Rheostats
                                    



                                        Resistors
                                    



                                        Resonators
                                    






                            Interconnects
                            




                                        Circular Connectors
                                    



                                        D-Subminiature Connectors
                                    



                                        I/O Connectors
                                    



                                        IC & Component Sockets
                                    



                                        RF Interconnects
                                    



                                        FFC/FPC Connectors
                                    



                                        Modular / Ethernet Connectors
                                    



                                        Terminal Blocks
                                    



                                        Terminals
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Discretes
                            




                                        Diodes & Rectifiers
                                    



                                        ESD Suppressors
                                    



                                        Thyristors - Diacs, Sidacs, SCRs & Triacs
                                    



                                        Transistors - FETs, Bipolars & IGBTs
                                    






                            Optoelectronics
                            




                                        Displays
                                    



                                        Fiber Optics
                                    



                                        Incandescent Lamps & Holders
                                    



                                        Infrared Data Communications
                                    



                                        LED Indication
                                    



                                        LED Lighting
                                    



                                        Optical Detectors & Sensors
                                    



                                        Optocouplers / Photocouplers
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Electromechanical
                            




                                        Audio Devices
                                    



                                        I/O Modules
                                    



                                        Relays
                                    



                                        Switches
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Circuit Protection
                            




                                        Circuit Breakers
                                    



                                        ESD Suppressors / TVS Diodes
                                    



                                        Fuses
                                    



                                        Resettable Fuses
                                    



                                        Thermistors - PTC
                                    



                                        Varistors - MOV & MLV
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Power
                            




                                        Battery Holders, Clips & Contacts
                                    



                                        DC/DC Converters
                                    



                                        Power Condition
                                    



                                        Power Supplies
                                    



                                        Transformers
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Sensors
                            




                                        Magnetic Sensors
                                    



                                        Motion & Position Sensors
                                    



                                        Optical Sensors
                                    



                                        Pressure Sensors
                                    



                                        Temperature Sensors
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Industrial Automation
                            




                                        Controllers
                                    



                                        Counters & Tachometers
                                    



                                        Input Devices
                                    



                                        Timers
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Test & Measurements
                            




                                        Analyzers
                                    



                                        Environmental Test Equipment
                                    



                                        Fiber Optic Testing
                                    



                                        Multimeters & Voltmeters
                                    



                                        Panel Meters
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Tools & Supplies
                            




                                        Adhesive Tapes
                                    



                                        Anti-Static Control Products
                                    



                                        Chemicals
                                    



                                        Labels & Industrial Warning Signs
                                    



                                        Tools
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Wire & Cable
                            




                                        Cable Assemblies
                                    



                                        FFC/FPC Jumper Cables
                                    



                                        Fiber Optic
                                    



                                        Flat Cables
                                    



                                        Multi-Conductor & Paired Cables
                                    



                                        Wire Protection & Management
                                    



                                        More...
                                    






                            Embedded Solutions
                            




                                        Display Modules
                                    



                                        Ethernet & Communication Modules
                                    



                                        Memory Modules
                                    



                                        RF / Wireless Modules
                                    



                                        Sensor Modules
                                    



                                        More...
                                    





                            Browse by Manfuacturer
                        



                            Use TTI's Advanced Search
                        



                            View Newest Products
                        









Resources








                                    Resources by Product Type
                                





                                                        Circuit Protection
                                                    



                                                        Discretes
                                                    



                                                        Electromagnetic 
                                                    



                                                        Electromechanical
                                                    



                                                        Interconnects
                                                    



                                                        Optoelectronics
                                                    



                                                        Passives
                                                    



                                                        Power
                                                    



                                                        Sensors
                                                    



                                                        Test & Measurement
                                                    



                                                        Wire & Cable
                                                    



                                                        RF Wireless
                                                    



                                                        Tools & Supplies
                                                    







                                    Market & Technology Resource Centers
                                





                                                        Harsh Environments
                                                    



                                                        HEV/EV
                                                    



                                                        Industrial
                                                    



                                                        Military & Aerospace
                                                    



                                                        Power Management
                                                    



                                                        Rail
                                                    



                                                        RF Wireless
                                                    



                                                        Sensor Technology
                                                    



                                                        Smart Meters
                                                    



                                                        Transportation
                                                    







                                    Literature
                                





                                                        Literature Request Form
                                                    



                                                        TTI Line Cards
                                                    



                                                        Supplier Line Cards
                                                    



                                                        TTI Solutions & Services
                                                    



                                                        Supplier Guides
                                                    



                                                        Email Newsletter Archive
                                                    







                                    MarketEYE Resource Center
                                





                                                        MarketEYE Overview
                                                    



                                                        Market Articles
                                                    



                                                        Product Articles
                                                    



                                                        quickCast Videos
                                                    



                                                        Tools & Information
                                                    







                                    Environmental Compliance
                                





                                                        RoHS
                                                    



                                                        REACH
                                                    



                                                        Conflict Minerals
                                                    



                                                        Green Initiatives
                                                    



                                                        ISO 14001 Registration
                                                    







                                    Tools
                                





                                                        Part Builder
                                                    



                                                        Product Change Notifications
                                                    



                                                        Lead-Time Trends
                                                    



                                                        Parts On Hold
                                                    



                                                        Material Costs
                                                    













Manufacturers









                                A-B     
                                




                                            3M
                                        



                                            Abracon
                                        



                                            AirBorn
                                        



                                            Amphenol
                                        



                                            API Delevan
                                        



                                            API Technologies
                                        



                                            AVX
                                        



                                            Barker Microfarads
                                        



                                            Bourns
                                        





                                C-E     
                                




                                            C&K
                                        



                                            Carling Technologies
                                        



                                            Carlisle Interconnect Technologies
                                        



                                            Conesys
                                        



                                            Conxall
                                        



                                            Cornell Dubilier
                                        



                                            CTS
                                        



                                            Dearborn Electronics
                                        



                                            Delphi Connection Systems
                                        



                                            Delta Electronics
                                        



                                            EATON
                                        



                                            EPCOS
                                        





                                F-I     
                                




                                            Fargo Assembly
                                        



                                            FCT
                                        



                                            Glenair
                                        



                                            Harwin
                                        



                                            HellermannTyton
                                        



                                            Honeywell
                                        



                                            Illinois Capacitor
                                        



                                            INCON
                                        



                                            ITT Cannon
                                        





                                K-O     
                                




                                            KEMET
                                        



                                            Kingbright
                                        



                                            Knowles Capacitors
                                        



                                            KOA
                                        



                                            KOSTAL
                                        



                                            Lear Corporation
                                        



                                            Littelfuse
                                        



                                            MACOM
                                        



                                            Molex
                                        



                                            Murata
                                        



                                            Murata Power Solutions
                                        



                                            NEC TOKIN KEMET
                                        



                                            Nichicon
                                        



                                            OHMITE
                                        



                                            Omron
                                        



                                            Omron Automation & Safety
                                        





                                P-S     
                                




                                            Panasonic
                                        



                                            Panduit
                                        



                                            Phoenix Contact
                                        



                                            PKC Group
                                        



                                            Preci-Dip
                                        



                                            Pulse
                                        



                                            Qualcomm (RF360 - A Qualcomm & TDK Joint Venture)
                                        



                                            Rohm Semiconductor
                                        



                                            Smiths Interconnect
                                        



                                            Souriau
                                        



                                            Sumitomo Wiring Systems
                                        



                                            Switchcraft
                                        



                                            Syfer
                                        





                                T-Z     
                                




                                            TDK & EPCOS
                                        



                                            TE Connectivity
                                        



                                            TE Sensor Solutions
                                        



                                            Toshiba
                                        



                                            TT Electronics
                                        



                                            United Chemi-Con
                                        



                                            Vishay
                                        



                                            Vishay Precision Group
                                        



                                            WIMA
                                        



                                            Yageo
                                        





                                View Full Line Card
                            






Services









                                Value Added Services
                            



                                Web Services     
                                




                                            Ordering
                                        



                                            Purchasing
                                        



                                            Quotes
                                        



                                            Search
                                        



                                            Supply Chain
                                        





                                TTI Supply Chain Solutions     
                                




                                            Program Overview
                                        



                                            What's Involved
                                        



                                            The TTI Difference
                                        



                                            Mexico Proximity Warehouses
                                        








About TTI








                               Company Overview
                            



                               Our History
                            



                               About Berkshire Hathaway
                            



                               Corporate Profile
                            



                               Careers
                            



                               Quality
                            



                               Social Responsibility
                            



                               Social Networking
                            



                               The Specialist
                            



                               Formula E Racing
                            



                               Press Releases
                            







Contact Us








                               Contact TTI
                            



                               North America
                            



                               Asia
                            



                               EMEA
                            



                               Information Request
                            



                               Feedback
                            






























                                  To access your customer's web services, please enter in your customer's account number or email address then press Go. 
                                    
                                        To access a web service, click on the link in the Online Tools & Services section.
                                    

                                        To access a web service, click on the link in the My TTI dropdown menu.
                                    


                                    {{$parent.$parent.acwsErrorResponse}}
                                

                                Please enter in your customer's account number or email address then press Go. 
                                    
                                        To access a web service, click on the link in the Online Tools & Services section.
                                    

                                        To access a web service, click on the link in the My TTI dropdown menu.
                                    



By ACCT #
By Email





                                            Account Number: 
                                        






                                        	Please enter the customer's 
                                            account number.
										






Select Entity
NDC
EDC
ADC






Please select an entity for the customer.









                                            Email Address
                                        









Please enter the customer's email address.


Please enter a valid email address.







Close


GO









                                         You are currently logged in as a TTI employee accessing the web services for the following user:
                                    

                                         You are currently logged in as a TTI employee accessing the web services for the following customer account:
                                    





                                        {{accountJson.data.firstName}} {{accountJson.data.lastName}}
                                    

                                        {{selectedAccount.accountNumber}}
                                    




                                    If you no longer wish to access this customers account please click exit to logout of their web services. You will still be logged in as an employee.
                                



Close


Exit Account














                                    Access Customer's Web Service
                                

                                    Viewing site as: {{accountJson.data.firstName[0]}}. {{accountJson.data.lastName}}
                                

                                    Viewing site as: {{selectedAccount.accountNumber}}
                                













×
Invalid Input


{{acwsErrorMsg}}
{{$parent.acwsErrorMsg}}


 Close 
















×
Online Tools & Services



                    TTI's Online Services are only available to members,
                     please login or register to gain access!
                    




                        Sorry! You do not have access to this Online Service on account: {{appAccount.accountNumber}}
                    

                        No Accounts Found
                    



Please choose from the following accounts that have access.




                                        {{account.accountDisplayData}}
                                    






                        No Accounts Have Access.
                        
Please Click Here to find out more about Order Status.


Please Click Here to find out more about ezReview.






                            Sorry! You do not have access to this Online Service on account: {{selectedAccount.accountNumber}}
                        

                            No Accounts Found
                        





                            The {{serviceName}} Application is Currently Unavailable.
                        




Please choose from the following accounts that have access.




                                        {{account.accountDisplayData}}
                                    






                        No Accounts Have Access.
                        Please Click Here to find out more about ezBuy.


                        No Accounts Have Access.
                        Please Click Here to find out more about ezBuy.


                        Your {{serviceName}} service cannot be accessed at this time because your shopping cart is "locked" to a TTI Account that is not in your {{serviceName}} profile. This probably happened because your cart contains one or more parts with discounted prices.
                        
 To regain access to ezBuy, please clear your cart by submitting an order or by removing those parts with discounted prices.
                        
 If you have any other questions please call your TTI Sales Representative.
                        


                            Shopping Cart is locked to:
                             {{selectedAccount.accountNumber}}
                             {{selectedAccount.billingAddress.name}}
                             {{selectedAccount.billingAddress.streetAddress}}
                             {{selectedAccount.billingAddress.city}}, {{selectedAccount.billingAddress.state.stateShortName}} {{selectedAccount.billingAddress.zip}}
                             {{selectedAccount.billingAddress.country.countryShortName}}
                        




Close


Login












×
My Support Team






                    Name: {{supportModalInfo.firstName}} {{supportModalInfo.lastName}}
 Title: {{supportModalInfo.title}}
 Branch: {{supportModalInfo.branch}}
 Phone: {{supportModalInfo.phone}}
 Email: {{supportModalInfo.email}}

 
                            Name: {{supportModalInfoTwo.firstName}} {{supportModalInfoTwo.lastName}}
 Title: {{supportModalInfoTwo.title}}
 Branch: {{supportModalInfoTwo.branch}}
 Phone: {{supportModalInfoTwo.phone}}
 Email: {{supportModalInfoTwo.email}}




                    Email: {{supportModalInfo.email}}


Send Quick Message

Subject:

Message:






Email Sent Successfully!








Failed to Send Email!








Close

                    Send
                












HomeManufacturersT-ZVishay Precision Group






























Visit Website





Vishay Foil Resistors

Welcome to TTI, Inc., an authorized distributor for Vishay Foil Resistors. Vishay Foil Resistors is a division of Vishay Precision Group (VPG), producing the most precise and stable resistors available. VPG is an NYSE company that was a recent spin-off from Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. The Vishay Foil Resistors portfolio comprises products in a variety of resistor configurations and packages to meet the needs of a wide range of applications: discrete resistors and resistor networks in surface mount and through-hole (leaded) configurations; customized chip resistor networks; precision trimming potentiometers; and discrete chips for use in hybrid circuits. The foil resistors and current sensors are used in applications requiring a high degree of precision and stability, such as in medical testing equipment, high performance audio equipment, precision measuring instruments and aerospace and military applications. TTI's experienced customer service team members are ready to help you at 1-877-645-4TTI. 
Search our broad inventory of Vishay Foil Resistors products below.




{{partBuilderSetEndeca(4294313539)}}













Go















×
Invalid Input


{{partBuilderErrorMsg}}


 Close 
























Product Listing






Featured Products






Resources & Support













Product Listings  |  Shop All Vishay Foil Resistors Parts









Please click on a category below to shop for Vishay Foil Resistors products:

{{getCategoryName('254227')}}
{{getCategoryName('254271')}}
{{getCategoryName('254539')}}
{{getCategoryName('254612')}}

 






Featured Products 
    








































{{product.pageTitle}}

                                                            {{product.productManufacturer}}
                                                        






More Info

































{{product.pageTitle}}

                                                            {{product.productManufacturer}}
                                                        






More Info

































{{product.pageTitle}}

                                                            {{product.productManufacturer}}
                                                        






More Info





























Resources & Support 
    


















 {{literature.pageTitle}}


























































Have questions? Ready to buy?
TTI's experienced sales and customer service specialists are ready to assist.






            Get in touch
        





































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































