

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














10-Q: VIVA ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









12:33 A.M. ET


Breaking
      Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
                                





 
12:20 A.M. ET


                                  Tesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7/28


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7/28


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
7/28


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: VIVA ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC.
    








    By

Published: July 14, 2017 2:21 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements  The information contained in Item 2 contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Actual results may materially differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks and uncertainties set forth in this report. Although management believes that the assumptions made and expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the underlying assumptions will, in fact, prove to be correct or that actual results will not be different from expectations expressed in this report.  This filing contains a number of forward-looking statements which reflect management's current views and expectations with respect to our business, strategies, products, future results and events, and financial performance. All statements made in this filing other than statements of historical fact, including statements addressing operating performance, events, or developments which management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including statements related to distributor channels, volume growth, revenues, profitability, new products, adequacy of funds from operations, statements expressing general optimism about future operating results, and non-historical information, are forward looking statements. In particular, the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "anticipate," "estimate," "may," variations of such words, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements, and their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as those expressed in, anticipated, or implied by these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to revise these forward-looking statements to reflect any future events or circumstances.  Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and projections about future events, are not guarantees of future performance, are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions (including those described below), and apply only as of the date of this filing. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks to be discussed in our Annual Report on form 10-K and in the press releases and other communications to shareholders issued by us from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors which may affect our business. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  (13)  Table of Contents  Overview  Viva Entertainment Group Inc. (the "Company") is a business that develops and markets Viva Entertainment's over the top (IPTV/OTT) application for connected TV's, desktop computers, tablets, and smart phones. The Company is based in Briarwood, New York.  We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 26, 2009. From inception, we were originally engaged in the development of a website and also the design and development of a catalogue to sell over the counter and prescription medications, and supplements. In 2012, we undertook a change in our focus to the natural resources sector where it was engaged in the acquisition and exploration of base metals and mineral mining properties. After an unsuccessful exploration program on our mineral properties we decided to enter the market for over the top (IPTV/OTT) application for connected TV's, desktop computers, tablets, and smart phones.  On April 5, 2016, we completed the purchase from EMS Find, Inc. ("EMS") of Viva Entertainment Group, Inc. ("Viva Entertainment"), a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of EMS, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement ("Stock Purchase Agreement"), and Viva Entertainment's Chief Executive Officer, Johnny Falcones, resigned from all positions at EMS and has been elected as our sole director and President and Chief Executive Officer to manage the development and marketing of Viva Entertainment's over the top (IPTV/OTT) application for connected TV's, desktop computers, tablets, and smart phones.  This purchase represents a new business and industry which we operate in. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company and EMS agreed to transfer control of Viva Entertainment to the Company through the purchase from the Seller by the Purchaser of all 800 outstanding shares of stock of Viva Entertainment to the Company in exchange for the issuance to EMS of a 10% promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000, due six months from the Closing (the "EMS Note"), which represents the purchase price paid by us for Viva Entertainment. In connection with the closing, Alexander Stanbury, our former President and Chief Executive Officer, transferred to Johnny Falcones 26,629,371 shares of restricted common stock of the Company from the shares of common stock owned by Mr. Stanbury in exchange for payment of $93,625 from the $135,000 of financing arranged with Essex Global Investment Corp. for the acquisition of the Company (the "Acquisition Financing Facility").  On April 6, 2016, we closed on the $135,000 Acquisition Financing Facility pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, dated April 6, 2016 (the "Essex Securities Purchase Agreement"), with Essex Global Investment Corp, a Nevada corporation ("Essex"), for the sale of a convertible promissory note (the "Essex Note") in the principal amount of $145,000, with an original issue discount of $10,000.  The Essex Note, which is due on March 30, 2017, bears interest at the rate of 10% per annum. All principal and accrued interest on the Note is convertible at any time into shares of our common stock at the election of Essex at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock equal to 55% of the lowest reported trading price of the Company's common stock for the twenty prior trading days including the day upon which the conversion notice is received us or our transfer agent. The conversion price discount will be decreased to 45% if the Company experiences a DTC "chill" on its shares. If we are not current within ninety days from the date of the Note, the conversion discount will increase by 20%, so that the conversion price would be 35% of the trading price as calculated above.  We have the right to prepay the Essex Note during the first six months following the date of issuance of the Essex Note with a premium of up to 135% of all amounts owed to Essex, including default interest, depending upon when the prepayment is effectuated. The Essex Note may not be redeemed after 180 days.  The Essex Note contains default events which, if triggered and not timely cured, will result in default interest and penalties.  On April 8, 2016, in connection with the purchase of Viva Entertainment Group, Inc., our Board of Directors authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 37,170,629 shares of common stock, comprised of 22,000,000 issued to our Founder and Chief Executive Officer (5,000,000 of which are registered in name of the wife of the CEO), 13,170,629 as common shares for consulting services to various consultants and 2,000,000 common shares as consideration for an investor entering into a share purchase agreement. An additional 500,000 common shares was issued for general corporate purposes.  (14)  Table of Contents  Plan of Operation  As of April 30, 2017 we had a working capital deficiency of $2,309,397, have not generated revenue, and have an accumulated deficit of $15,379,416.  Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that our auditors believe there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have not generated any revenues or profits.  We have only four officers and directors. They are responsible for our managerial and organizational structure which will include preparation of disclosure and accounting controls under the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. When these controls are implemented, they will be responsible for the administration of the controls. Should they not have sufficient experience, they may be incapable of creating and implementing the controls which may cause us to be subject to sanctions and fines by the SEC which ultimately could cause you to lose your investment.  Limited Operating History  There is no historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We have not generated any revenues to date. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources.  Results of Operations  Revenues  As of the date of this report, we have yet to generate any revenues from our business operations.  Operating Expenses  For the three and six months ended April 30, 2017, we incurred operating expenses in the amounts of $9,259,133 and $9,495,681, respectively. We had no operating expenses incurred during the three and six months ended April 30, 2016. Our operating expenses were comprised of: (i) consulting services expenses of $6,640 and $32,305 for the three and six months ended April 30, 2017, respectively (ii) general and administrative expenses of $484,044 and $576,085 for the three and six months ended April 30, 2017, respectively, and (iii) wage expenses of $8,768,449 and $8,887,291 for three and six months ended April 30, 2017, respectively. Due to a reverse merger into an operating company with no prior operations in April of 2016, there are no prior period expenses.  Net Loss  Our net loss for the three and six months ended April 30, 2017 was $9,647,118 and $10,625,937, respectively. The increase in net loss was the result of the increase in compensation and above mentioned costs. Due to a reverse merger into an operating company with no prior operations in April of 2016, there are no prior period expenses. During the three months ended April 30, 2017, we also incurred an income of $11,927 for a gain on change of the derivative liability, offset by the interest expense of $400,332. During the six months ended April 30, 2017, we had an expense of $250,928 for a loss on change of the derivative liability and $890,338 in interest expense. We had nothing in the comparable period in the prior year.  (15)  Table of Contents  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As of April 30, 2017, we had cash of $372. As of October 31, 2016, we had cash of $385.  Net cash used in operating activities was $72,073 for the six months ended April 30, 2017, which was comparable to the net cash used in operating activities of $-0- for the six months ended April 30, 2016. The net cash used in operations was principally attributable to net losses of $10,625,937 and $-0- during the six months ended April 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively, offset principally by amortization of debt discount of $847,160 and $-0-, amortization expense of $3,440 and $-0-, common shares issued for services of $9,213,196 and $-0-, and loss on change in derivative liability and derivative issuance totaled $250,927 and $-0- in such same periods, respectively. There was no activity in the above mentioned categories in the prior period due to a reverse merger into an operating company with no prior operations in April of 2016.  Cash flows used for investing activities were $-0- and $-0- for the six months ended April 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. This usage was solely as a result of the effects of the reverse merger.  Cash flows provided by financing activities were $72,060 and $-0- for the six months ended April 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Positive cash flows from financing activities during the six months ended April 30, 2017 were due primarily to proceeds from related party payable of $31,680, proceeds from sales of common stock and convertible notes in amount of $12,000 and $33,000, respectively. There was no activity in the above mentioned categories in the prior period due to a reverse merger into an operating company with no prior operations in April of 2016.  Currently we have no revenues and have four salaried employees including Johnny Falcones, our officer and director. We currently require very limited resources but intend to hire employees and consultants in the latter part of 2017 for the Viva Entertainment operations. In due course, should we require capital for these operations, we will need to raise additional capital. There is no guarantee that we will be able to raise further capital. At present, we have not made any arrangements to raise additional capital but are diligently working on this.  If we need additional capital and cannot raise it we will either have to suspend operations until we do raise the capital or cease operations entirely. Other than as described in this paragraph, we have no other financing plans.  As of the date of this report, we have yet to generate any revenues.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.  (16)  Table of Contents  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Stock Compensation, which is intended to simplify the accounting for share-based payment award transactions. The new standard will modify several aspects of the accounting and reporting for employee share-based payments and related tax accounting impacts, including the presentation in the statements of operations and cash flows of certain tax benefits or deficiencies and employee tax withholdings, as well as the accounting for award forfeitures over the vesting period. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that year, and will be adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The Company anticipates the new standard will result in an increase in the number of shares used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share and will add volatility to the Company's effective tax rate and income tax expense.  In August 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date" defers the effective date ASU No. 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. All other entities should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. All other entities may apply the guidance in ASU No. 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. All other entities also may apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning one year after the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the guidance in ASU No. 2014-09. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  In July 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory" more closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. For public business entities, this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments in this ASU should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  Other pronouncements issued by the FASB or other authoritative accounting standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable or are not expected to be significant to the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  Subsequent Events  Subsequent to April 30, 2017, the Company issued a total of 2,120,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to several individuals on the conversion of notes payable and associated accrued interest.  (17)  Table of Contents  Jul 14, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch




















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




12:47 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































	Viva Entertainment Group Inc. (OTTV): The product speaks for itself. Bottom line. Do


































































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed



























































Home
                >
                Boards
                >
                US OTC
                >
                Retail - Chains
                >
                Viva Entertainment Group Inc.  (OTTV)




The product speaks for itself. Bottom line. Do



Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgReplies (2) | Next 10 | Previous | Next












Hey Ray
 
            





                Followed By
            

                179
            



                Posts
            

                8,017
            



                Boards Moderated
            

                0
            



                Alias Born
            

                02/14/14
            
















            OTTV
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        








            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















OTTV Detailed Quote







1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y










Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/14/2017 2:19:40 PM

MMJ Observer Reports On Anticipated USMJ Announcement Expected To Boost Sales "InvestorsHub NewsWire" - 7/11/2017 1:37:12 PM

Notification That Quarterly Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/14/2017 5:07:08 PM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/6/2017 2:45:27 PM

Notification That Quarterly Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/17/2017 5:05:44 PM

Annual Report (10-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 2/21/2017 6:05:06 AM

Notification That Annual Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 1/31/2017 1:34:50 PM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 9/13/2016 4:13:55 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/29/2016 5:31:52 PM












Hey Ray
 
            

Tuesday, 07/25/17 01:29:24 AM




Re: 
rakp                                              
 
 post# 41407






Post # 

                of
                48067 









The product speaks for itself. Bottom line. Do you think oi2 media would even get in bed with us if they thought this project was a failure? Do you think Flex fling would get in bed with us if they thought this project was a failure? Do you think tikilive would get in bed with us if they thought this project was a failure? These are huge conglomerates do you think the 10 million dollars of investors' money would get in bed with us if they thought this project was a failure? The answer is no they have presented this platform idea to each and every company and they loved it









iHub NewsWire


ONCI INKS DEAL WITH MAJOR FLORIDA AUTO DEALER LAW GROUP(ONCI) Jul 27, 2017 11:16 AM
Signal Bay Enters into Definitive Agreement to Acquire Viridis Analytics MA, LLC(SGBY) Jul 27, 2017 10:34 AM
PURA PPS Potential To Reach $0.09 From Current $0.03(PURA) Jul 27, 2017 8:45 AM
North Road Ventures Advances to the Detailed Review Stage in its ACMPR Application(LIB) Jul 27, 2017 8:39 AM
CHRON Approved to Officially Up-list to the OTCQB Venture Market, Immediately After Going Fully-Reporting(CHRO) Jul 26, 2017 12:04 PM
Start posting your company's news. Only $100 per official company press release!











Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgReplies (2) | Next 10 | Previous | Next








Follow Board






Keyboard Shortcuts


Report TOS Violation





X







                    Current Price
                





                    Change
                





                    Volume
                






                        Detailed Quote - Discussion Board









+/- to Watchlist




















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB8
        

























 



Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















	VIVA > Home






































+SolutionsStaffing SolutionsSoftware Project ConsultingSaaS Cloud Hosting SolutionsSupplier Diversity Portal SolutionData Cleansing and Enrichment+ClientsIndustriesClient CommentsPartnershipsCase Studies+Contract VehiclesFederal GovernmentState and Local Government+Quality PracticeCMMIISO 9001:2008Project ManagementEVMSPast Performances+CareersApply for JobOpportunitiesEmployee TestimonialsBenefitsRefer a candidate+About VIVAAwards and RecognitionsCertificationsManagement ProfileLocations










 






   |   Engage Our Services   |   Apply for Job




|

Login











Login



   (877) 368-0860   |  
                      |  
                   
                     
                     
                    



Apply for Job
Engage our Services











 






Solutions



Staffing Solutions


Software Project Consulting


SaaS Cloud Hosting Solutions


Supplier Diversity Portal Solution


Data Cleansing and Enrichment





Clients



Industries


Client Comments


Partnerships


Case Studies


Contract Vehicles



Federal Government


State and Local Government





Quality Practice



CMMI


ISO 9001:2008


Project Management


EVMS





Past Performances





Careers



Apply for Job


Opportunities


Employee Testimonials


Benefits


Refer a candidate





About VIVA



Awards and Recognitions


Certifications


Management Profile


Locations
























                                                                                                                        Happy Employees - Happy Clients
                                                                                                            


                                                                                                                        Our team consistently scores high on the client satisfaction area. Making happy clients is our number one pursuit.
                                                                                                            


Engage our Services









                                                                                                                        We give you a head start
                                                                                                            


                                                                                                                        Consider our recruiting team on your side. They are constantly competing to give a win-win for us.
                                                                                                            


Submit your Resume









                                                                                                                        Global Reach Local touch
                                                                                                            


                                                                                                                        Our quality driven processes give our client a peace of mind and make the relationship a long journey.
                                                                                                            


Get your results












    You get more with VIVA!  VIVA is an award winning core technology solutions vendor with strong financials, technical bench strength and diverse revenue streams focused on performance excellence for our clients’ competitive advantage and enhanced productivity. Since 1996, VIVA has had the expertise of serving clients in several industries. We offer branded solutions for sourcing procurement and a comprehensive  supplier diversity hub that includes 2nd tier reporting service and supplier registration activities.   











Staffing Solutions
Finding talent is our passion. With core competence in contingent staffing, we are equipped with the right resources to help you find competent professionals for your projects quickly and effectively. Our customer fulfillment process is based on ISO 9001:2008 standards. As a company engaged in building and deploying technology solutions over the past 20 years, we bring the best practices of the entire recruiting life cycle to our clients.
Read More   >





Software Project Consulting
We offer a broad portfolio of software project consulting services spanning diverse technologies. We solve key business challenges by addressing them with standardized processes. Our expertise is in the areas of Project Management, Agile Consulting, Application Development, Testing, and Support and Maintenance. As a CMMI V1.2 ML 3 appraised company, we know how to deliver projects at a high quality and value for our clients.
Read More   >





Supplier Diversity Portal
STARS, a  supplier tracking  and reporting  portal is brought to  you by VIVA to  enrich your registration  process for diverse suppliers and spend reporting program by your primes and much more. Based on scalable web 2.0 technology built for the mobile workforce, STARS portal has easy-to-manage modules for supplier registration, spend data capture and report dashboard with unlimited tier 2 spend reports for unlimited primes and client users.
Read More   >





Data Cleansing and Enrichment
Data cleansing (often referred to as data scrubbing) is an ongoing activity that is best managed by outsourcing to experts. VIVA has the expertise to support your vision to manage your data cleansing and enrichment goals. Be it a one-time scrub of the master data or ongoing scrubbing of new suppliers, you can count on VIVA for quick and accurate turnaround of the results to help you report the metrics to your executive team.
Read More   >

























What others say about us



At VIVA, we understand that our success depends on the success of our clients. We
pride ourselves on being the best solutions provider on the market. Below is a representative
list of our clients' comments.





Vendor Management Specialist, Heavy Equipment Manufacturing Company

VIVA has been a part of our vendor management program for several years now.  To say we have been satisfied with their participation would be an understatement. VIVA has been a successful full service supplier and I would highly recommend them for any program!
1



Manager Supplier Diversity, Health Insurance Company 

We needed a partner who understood our business and the direction we were headed. VIVA had the knowledge and experience to help us get to the next level.
2



Hiring Manager, Insurance Company

It’s all about fitting the right talent with the right opportunity. It has been a pleasure to work with VIVA!  I’d definitely work with you again for our staffing needs in the future.
3



Procurement Manager, Automotive Company

I like the folks at VIVA and really respect the work that VIVA does.
4



Engineering Manager, Heavy Equipment Manufacturing Company

Overall, VIVA has provided some of the best contract employees I’ve worked with over several years. I’m very happy with VIVA.
5



Program Director, Manufacturing Company

VIVA has proven to be a reliable and responsive vendor, regularly submitting quality candidates and successfully filling tough positions while working within the guidelines of a complex MSP agreement.
6



MSP Director of Operations, American Multinational Conglomerate Corp

What are you trying to do?  Set the bar so high no other supplier can compete!?  Because if you are – I love it!!!  VIVA performed amazingly well in all of the categories. This is a great accomplishment!

7








































































































































IT jobs
Engineering jobs
Professional service jobs











Apply Now



IT Analyst IVReq Ref No: SPILI696Location: Milan, ILDuration: 2.5 MonthsDescriptionDescriptionProvides application development and support to partner in the planning, delivery and/or support of business processes utilizing information technology and business practices for strategic business units. Work is of medium to high complexity and moderate to high in risk. Has expanded contact with responsibility to varied and multiple departments and functional operations, and actively participates in strategic business relationships. Serves as a key team member which may include being on multiple teams and/or team lead. Participates in the review and formation of processes. May plan work and schedules for others for project related work. Impact of decision-making is medium to high risk and impact. Serves as a consultant or expert and actively shares knowledge across workgroups. Applies information analyses to optimize the integration of major strategic business processes. Designs and implements complex changes impacting several processes with minimal direction. Primarily performs as an individual contributor, but may supervise a small work team (6 or fewer members). Duties: Lead the Identification, analysis and selection of complex information technology and business practices to support strategic business process/plans. Participates as required to design, develop, test and integrate applications of high complexity. Lead in the implementation of information technology and business processes of high complexity. Supports, evaluates, and continuously improves information technology and business processes to maintain alignment with business plans of medium-high complexity and medium-high risk. Leads the development and may manage a project plan and schedule for a given functional area. Acquires solid foundation of project management. Engages in expanded contact with varied and multiple departments and functional operations; actively participating in strategic business relationships and/or issues.Specific Position Requirements	The Machine Team is in need of developers having hands on experience with Spring Security, Spring Batch, Node JS, and AWS technologies to help complete objectives related to enhancing the device management master data component before fiscal year end. Mostly middleware and back end work, but front end experience would also be useful. Required: TDD, Spring Boot, NodeJS, and AWS Lambda














Apply Now



Quality EngineerReq Ref No: undefinedMAQE23Location: Norwood, MADuration: 3 MonthsDescriptionDescriptionSpecific Requirements POSITION OVERVIEW: The Quality Engineer, Designated Complaint Handling Unit (DCU) will be responsible for the integrity of POC complaint files and the complaint handling process, and will contribute to measurable improvements in complaint handling, product quality, and the customer experience. The DCU is responsible for all safety complaints, and confirmed product complaints This role will work closely with a cross-functional team, including - R&D, Product Health Teams, Manufacturing, Headquarters Support, Manufacturing, Procurement, OEM Supplier Management and Commercial Product Engineering. RESPONSIBILITIES: Serve as a Subject Matter Expert for the complaint handling process. Coordinate complaint-related activities across multiple functions and sites within POC. Provide complaint handling and quality engineering expertise and consultation to significant / complex projects. Lead Escalation Review Committee (ERC) meetings for confirmed product complaints. Contribute to product safety, product quality, and customer satisfaction related decisions (both data-based and risk-assessment-based decisions). Ensure prompt escalation and complete documentation of product safety complaints by requesting feedback to regional units as needed. Ensure complaint documentation and records are complete and in compliance with regulatory requirements prior to closure. Participate and support internal, external audits and inspections Perform confirmed complaint trending Ensure Post Market Surveillance activities are completed Provide input on local DCU procedures and process improvements EDUCATION/SKILLS/EXPERIENCE: Minimum BA/BS degree in science or other technical field Strong technical knowledge of POC products Direct experience handling complaints in the medical device industry Experience participating in internal and external inspections (e.g., FDA, LRQA) Strong organizational and time management skills Strong communication skills (written, oral, and listening) Knowledge on CAPA, complaint investigation, and field action processes Ability to influence without authority Ability to review, analyze, summarize, and interpret data; draw conclusions and make appropriate recommendations and decisions; write reports; and give oral presentations CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES/REGISTRATIONS Certified Quality Engineer or Certified Reliability Engineer (ASQ or equivalent) and/or Clinical background and/or field experience desirable OTHER/SKILLS AND ABILITIES Demonstrated knowledge and application of QSR and international standards Ability to influence without authority Strong leadership skills General Requirements Job Family Responsibilities: Education: BS/BA in related discipline, or advanced degree, where required, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Certification may be required in some areas. Knowledge and Experience: Demonstrates and applies comprehensive knowledge in field of specialization to the successful completion of complex assignments. Demonstrates advanced knowledge of concepts, practices, and procedures of particular area of specialization. Demonstrates significant knowledge of organization's business practices and issues faced and contributes to problem resolution of those issues. Typically 8-10 years of successful experience in related field and successful demonstration of Key Responsibilities and Knowledge as presented above. Advanced degree MAY be substituted for experience, where applicable. Key Working Relationships: Primarily intra organizational contacts and external contacts.














Apply Now



Administrative Assistant 2Req Ref No: RPMIA594Location: Kansas City, MIDuration: 4 MonthsDescriptionDescriptionSupports in organizing and maintaining office supplies/files. Schedules resources such as people, meetings, appointments, rooms, and equipment; answers telephone calls, takes messages, responds to questions, and directs callers to appropriate parties, as necessary; sorts and distributes mail, fax, make copies, files. Drafts and edits semi-complex memos and other correspondence. Participates in the preparation of presentations, reports, spreadsheets and other documents. Participates in maintaining database information. SAP experience is helpful.Hours per Day	4Hours per Week	20












Apply for job
VIVA has several full time and contract time positions open currently. Explore the opportunity to be part of our award winning team.
 More Information

































Partnership












































































News & Events 

More News  |
More Events 













Oct 22, 2016


Vasanthi Ilangovan (President of Viva USA Inc.) co-chairing the 2016 CMSDC



Read more















Oct 30, 2011


NMSDC National Conference, Atlanta, October 30, 2011.



Read more























Certifications



































































































































Quick Links
Lid est laborum dolo rumes fugats untras. Etharums ser quidem rerum facilis dolores nemis omnis fugats vitae nemo minima rerums unsers sadips amets.. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque. 

Contract Vehicles
Federal Government
State and Local Government
Quality Practice


Employee Testimonials
Benefits
Resources
Refer A Candidate


Awards and Recognitions
Certifications
ManagementProfile
Locations










Contact

With office locations and delivery centers
located across North America, we are ready to serve you. Contact
Us

Phone :    (877) 368-0860
Fax :         (847) 368-0864
Email  :     info@viva-it.com













































×Close
Subscribe


Twitter
Linked in















Tips & Opinions - Viva Consulting
































































Navigation



Viva Consulting
Real Estate Management Consulting




 





Tips & Opinions 

TIPS & OPINIONS
Based on our work near and far, we’ve got a few thoughts to share…

What’s The Distinction: Strategic Plan, Business Plan, Operating Plan?
What does each mean and more importantly, what does your organization want.
Download
New Markets Tax Credits: Keeping Your Eye on the Ball for Nonprofits
Best practices for navigating the confusing terrain of this complicated funding source.
Download
Help — We Built It, But They Stopped Coming!
Eight strategies to keep your property full.
Download
Recruitment FAQ: VIVA’s True/False on Hiring
Sharing our field-tested wisdom around support for smart hiring decisions.
Download
Staff It or Contract It Out?
In-house, outsource, combination: Tips for making the choice that’s best for your property management.
Download
Achieving Organizational Bliss – Turning Habits into Systems
Tips and samples for corralling chaos and strengthening the core of your organization.
Download






Tips & Opinions
Tools & Templates
Publications





 VIVA Consulting888.693.8310info@vivaconsult.com
 





















Our Approach - Viva Consulting
































































Navigation



Viva Consulting
Real Estate Management Consulting




 





Our Approach 

Responsive
VIVA brings the experience and wisdom to work smart on an “as-needed” basis.  For some engagements, we are quickly in and out, offering a targeted solution to a nagging problem.  For others, we spend months or years refining a vision, finding the resources to make it happen and implementing the project.
We are proud to say much of our work is repeat business.  Our clients come back to us over and over, and we are thrilled when they return bigger, stronger and with even more ambitious plans.
Flexible
We work alone or in teams.  A VIVA engagement may involve one of us or many.  Whether part of an engagement or not, each of us is happy to answer a question or connect like-minds within our broad collective network.
What’s This About Good Work?
All of us come from backgrounds in community development.  Over the years, we’ve worked on nearly every type of building imaginable—mixed-use, affordable housing, mixed-income, commercial, community facilities, supportive housing—and for every type of organization.  We trend toward mission-driven clients but profess that good work defies simple categories.





 





 VIVA Consulting888.693.8310info@vivaconsult.com
 





















Homepage - Viva Consulting












































































Navigation



Viva Consulting
Real Estate Management Consulting












homepage image





services



















 VIVA Consulting888.693.8310info@vivaconsult.com
 






















Laura Russ - Viva Consulting































































Navigation



Viva Consulting
Real Estate Management Consulting




 





Laura Russ 

LAURA RUSS
email: lruss@vivaconsult.com
EDUCATION
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA
Masters in City Planning (MCP), Department of Urban Studies and Planning

The University of Chicago, Chicago, IL
BA, Political Science
Download Resume

BIO
RECENT PROJECTS
EXPERIENCE
ACTIVITIES


“Whatever you’re meant to do, do it now.
The conditions are always impossible
– Doris Lessing
Laura Russ brings a rich background in the area of systems and processes for real estate firms. Laura focuses on the use of information systems and processes to improve operations and organizational capacity. She is experienced in all areas of housing organizations including asset management, financial/accounting procedures, human resources, information systems, policy documentation, and operational areas. Most recently, she led the Business Process group at the nation’s largest affordable housing management company, WinnResidential. Prior to Winn, she led Operations at a 5,000 unit property management company based in the Midwest.
Laura consults and trains on all aspects of organizational structure including using technology more effectively, building asset and property management systems, and strengthening internal systems to support the operations of growing organizations. She is most interested in work that helps organizations structure and integrate their systems, policies and people towards a common goal.

Reorganized business processes for large affordable housing manager. Worked with corporate department leadership to enhance or redesign technology to fit business needs including financial and management policies related to procurement, human resources, invoice process, and compliance needs. WinnResidential of Boston, MA

Refocused property data gathering from data storage to business intelligence. Designed and implemented on-line database for portfolio-level information tracking and data mining.  WinnResidential of Boston, MA

Developed professional senior staff training curriculum for non-profit property manager based on organizational assessment. Reviewed organizational structure and operations to propose workshop based training curriculum intended to address organizational efficiencies and increase staff capacity to creatively and analytically solve common challenges. Home City Housing Development Corporation of Springfield, MA
Conducted organizational assessment for growing supportive housing provider. Performed business process assessment of financial systems, management systems, and organizational structure for non-profit supportive housing provider. Providing ongoing organizational development and technical assistance to support implementation. Center City Housing of Duluth, MN

Assessed non-profit housing provider’s organizational capacity and financial processes. Reviewed organizational structure and capacity with particular emphasis on financial procedures. Interviewed staff, reviewed relevant documents, and prepared report for interim COO and Board. Mutual Housing Association of Southwestern Connecticut
Led asset management and employee assessment system. Monitored company-wide performance of properties to identify common trends and develop property performance metrics to aligned results with employee reviews and compensation, training, communication, and internal policies. Revised budgeting tools and measured effectiveness of reporting and asset management techniques. Thies and Talle Management of Chanhassen, MN

Director for internal operating procedures. Overhauled company-wide policies for property management company’s “Operations Manual” including all compliance related updates, forms, and procedures. Created searchable and secure online site for easy access by property staff. Thies and Talle Management of Chanhassen, MN

WinnResidential, Boston, MA
Director of Business Process, 2011- 2013
Responsible for redesigning business processes by leveraging new and existing strategic business systems for the nation’s largest manager of affordable housing. Winner of companywide “Rookie of the Year” award (June 2012) and WinnersCircle winner honoring top 3% of employees (2013)
Thies and Talle Management, Inc., Chanhassen, MN (Cambridge, MA office)
Director of Operations, 2006-2011
Director of Business Systems, 2004-2006
Regional Property Manager, 2003-2004
Led business operations of privately-owned, 350-person real estate company including asset and property management for 4,800 units in six states involving market rate, affordable (Section 8, tax credit, Section 236, and Rural Development), and commercial properties.
Abt Associates Inc., Housing and Community Revitalization, Chicago, IL and Bethesda, MD
Senior Analyst, 2001-2003, and Analyst, 1998-1999
Provided technical assistance to local housing authorities and evaluations for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) including HOPE VI and Moving to Work. Managed contracts, assisted with proposals, and served as site contact for multiple projects.
Andersen Consulting (now Accenture), Change Management Practice, Chicago, IL
Consultant, 1996-1998
Worked on organizational change management issues surrounding legacy, client/server, and PeopleSoft system implementations primarily in Financial Services, Utility and Government industries.

Cambridge Montessori School
Vice-President and Trustee, June 2011-2015
Serve as Vice-President and Committee Chair for Campus and Facilities Committee.








Our Team
Louise Elving
Jennifer Gilbert
Laurie Gould
Laura Russ
Judy Weber





 VIVA Consulting888.693.8310info@vivaconsult.com
 
























Jennifer Gilbert - Viva Consulting































































Navigation



Viva Consulting
Real Estate Management Consulting




 





Jennifer Gilbert 

JENNIFER GILBERT
email: jgilbert@vivaconsult.com
EDUCATION
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA
Masters in City Planning (MCP), Department of Urban Studies and Planning. Recipient, Lawrence Anderson Prize

Northeastern University School of Law, Boston, MA
JD, Skadden Fellowship for Public Interest Law
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
BA, History, magna cum laude
Download Resume

BIO
RECENT PROJECTS
EXPERIENCE
ACTIVITIES


“A clever woman can weave with a donkey’s hoof.”
– Egyptian Proverb
Jennifer Gilbert supports organizations planning for change within their facilities and programs, drawing on 20 years of practice managing large-scale real estate development projects. Her varied list of completed projects includes housing, early education facilities, commercial spaces, and a boutique hotel. The scale of her projects has ranged from infill triple-deckers to 60-acre sites. Additionally, she has helped nonprofits and public agencies grapple with potential mergers and strategic collaborations, define and implement new programmatic ventures, and prepare staff and systems to take on related responsibilities. Jennifer is particularly adept at managing projects across disciplines (design, construction, finance, community process, legal) and within an organization, across departments. She particularly appreciates mission-driven clients who may not focus in real estate development themselves but see a building project as one which will significantly augment their programmatic delivery and outcomes.

Served as Project Director for a 22,000 square foot, state-of-the-art Learning Lab, which leveraged over $16 million in New Market Tax Credit equity, private fundraising, public housing funds and debt to secure access to early education in a public housing development. Nurtury, Inc., Boston, MA
Assisted program design and roll out of a new predevelopment loan fund for historic buildings; scope included identifying best practices in revolving loan fund project selection and administration, drafting the initial RFP and assisting Preservation Mass in assessing and awarding the first loans. Preservation Massachusetts, Boston, MA

Managing all aspects of the redevelopment and expansion of a transitional housing project for a national leader in service provision to homeless youth and young mothers. Bridge Over Troubled Waters, Boston
Assessed organizational capacity and readiness to take on large-scale, multi-use development project for Boston nonprofit serving the chronically homeless, particularly those with substance abuse and health issues.
Led recruitment efforts for new Executive Director for Housing Corporation of Arlington and assisted in recruitment engagements for leadership positions at HAP Housing and the Cambridge Housing Authority.
Served as lead or collaborated on multiple strategic and business planning efforts including Historic Boston, Inc.,  Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation, Gulf Coast Housing and Connecticut Housing Investment Fund.
Performed project feasibility assessments on historic buildings to analyze program and financing choices/trade-offs and better align organizational mission and the bottom line. Resulting strategies focused next steps for implementation. YWCA of Cambridge, DCAM Chelsea Soldiers Home
Designed the curriculum for and taught “Historic Preservation Law, Planning and Finance” Boston Architectural College; “Driving a Closing” Massachusetts Housing Partnership/Mel King Institute; and “Assembling Financing” Children’s Investment Fund

VIVA Consulting / Private Consultant, Cambridge, MA
Principal, 2001 – present
Seasoned practice with focus in overseeing complex real estate development transactions, strategic and business planning, strategic restructuring, and financing/fundraising. Particular expertise in managing efforts across disciplines, interests, and functions: design, construction, finance, accounting, procurement, regulatory approvals, community relations/partnerships.
ABT Associates, Inc., Cambridge, MA
Associate, 1999-2001
Project Director on planning, development and policy projects. Significant engagements included:

Project Director for Nashville’s redevelopment authority on the $70 million revitalization of Preston Taylor Homes, Nashville TN.
Led 2001 HOPE VI federal grant application process resulting in the award of $35 million for the redevelopment of Maverick Gardens, Boston, MA.

Metropolitan Development and Housing Agency, Nashville, TN
HOPE VI Project Coordinator, 1998-1999
Coordinated all aspects of a $23 million public housing and community facility revitalization project.
Managed project staff and team from project planning to occupancy (fundraising, design, internal team management and inter-departmental coordination, regulatory approvals, community participation, financial analysis, legal structuring, loan and syndication closings).
The Community Builders, Inc., Boston, MA
Project Manager, 1996-1997
 Assistant General Counsel, Law Clerk, 1994-1997
Performed legal and real estate project management tasks on a variety of developments. Recipient Skadden Fellowship for Public Interest Law.

Charles River Conservancy
Board of Directors
Chair, Swimmable Charles Committee
Social Ventures Partners, Boston
Partner and Member, Board of Directors, 2016; Member, Investment Committee, 2015
Member, Cambridge Master Plan Alewife Working Group








Our Team
Louise Elving
Jennifer Gilbert
Laurie Gould
Laura Russ
Judy Weber





 VIVA Consulting888.693.8310info@vivaconsult.com
 
























Projects - Viva Consulting




































































Navigation



Viva Consulting
Real Estate Management Consulting




 




 PROJECTS

Close
 
PrincipalElvingGilbertGouldRussWeberProjectServiceBuildingsManagementOperationsOrganizationsUncategorized 






OneRoof 
By vivaadmin on February 1, 2017 in Gould, Organizations, Principal, Project, Service 

OneRoof
Location: Duluth, MN
Year: 2016-2017
Principals: Gould
Services: Organizations
Description:
Business planning, including multi-year financial modeling. Gould; Organizations.





Neighborworks Green Bay and Great Falls 
By vivaadmin on February 1, 2017 in Project 

Neighborworks Green Bay and Great Falls
Location: Green Bay, WI and Great Falls, MT
Year: 2016-2017
Principals: Gould
Services: Organizations
Description:
Business planning, including financial modeling; with focus on growing the multifamily development and asset management business line. Gould; Organizations.





Neighborworks Pocatello 
By vivaadmin on February 1, 2017 in Gould, Organizations, Principal, Service 

Neighborworks Pocatello
Location: Pocatello, ID
Year: 2016-2017
Principals: Gould
Services: Organizations
Description:
Business planning, including financial modeling; disposition of a Year 15 LIHTC property. Gould; Organizations.





Affordable Housing Partnership 
By vivaadmin on February 1, 2017 in Gould, Operations, Principal, Project, Service 

Affordable Housing Partnership
Location: Albany, NY
Year: 2016
Principals: Gould
Services: Operations
Description:
Researched and developed report on best practices in revitalizing troubled urban neighborhoods in cities with declining populations, with recommendations on most useful models for Albany (with Professor Rachel Bratt). Gould; Operations.





Episcopal Senior Communities 
By vivaadmin on February 1, 2017 in Organizations, Principal, Service, Weber 

Episcopal Senior Communities
Location: Walnut Creek, CA
Year: 2017
Principals: Weber
Services: Operations
Description:
Assist the affordable housing affiliate in creating a more intentional organizational structure. Weber; Organizations.





Church Community Housing Corporation 
By vivaadmin on February 1, 2017 in Operations, Principal, Service, Weber 

Church Community Housing Corporation
Location: Newport, RI
Year: 2017
Principals: Weber
Services: Operations
Description:
Assess feasibility of acquiring third party management company, along with staffing and systems implications for the organization. Weber; Operations.





Brockton Housing Authority 
By vivaadmin on February 1, 2017 in Operations, Principal, Service, Weber 

Brockton Housing Authority
Location: Brockton, MA
Year: 2017
Principals: Weber
Services: Operations
Description:
Assessment of affordable housing department (non-public housing) and recommendations. Weber; Operations.





MHP Institute 
By Laura on July 28, 2016 in Organizations, Principal, Service, Weber 

MHP Institute
Location: Boston, MA
Year: 2016
Principals: Weber
Services: Operations
Description:
Moderator for MHP’s two day annual housing institute for suburban and rural municipal and public agencies. Weber; Organizations.





Boston Financial Investment Management 
By Laura on July 28, 2016 in Operations, Principal, Service, Weber 

Boston Financial Investment Management
Location: Boston, MA
Year: 2016
Principals: Weber
Services: Operations
Description:
Two-day asset management training to housing investors. Weber; Operations.





Central City Concern 
By Laura on July 28, 2016 in Operations, Principal, Service, Weber 

Central City Concern
Location: Boston, MA
Year: 2016
Principals: Weber
Services: Operations
Description:
Property management assessment and recommendations. Weber; Operations.





Franklin Park Development Tenants Association 
By Laura on July 28, 2016 in Project 

Franklin Park Development Tenants Association
Location: Boston, MA
Year: 2016
Principals: Weber
Services: Operations
Description:
Worked with tenant owner to establish programming, governance and resident goals to inform staffing plan. Weber; Operations.





Pine Grove Village 
By Laura on July 28, 2016 in Buildings, Gould, Principal, Service 

Pine Grove Village
Location: Lexington, MA
Year: 2016
Principals: Gould
Services: Buildings
Description:
Restructuring to preserve the affordability and improve the capital condition of a low- and moderate-income limited equity cooperative. Gould; Buildings.





Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency 
By Laura on July 28, 2016 in Gould, Principal, Service 

Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency
Location: Boston, MA
Year: 2016
Principals: Gould
Services: Operations
Description:
Work with state housing finance agency to develop and execute a plan to preserve a 5,000 unit portfolio of properties developed through the Massachusetts 13A program (modeled after the federal 236 program). Gould; Buildings.





Coppersmith Village, NOAH 
By Laura on July 28, 2016 in Gould, Operations, Principal, Service 

Coppersmith Village, NOAH
Location: Boston, MA
Year: 2016
Principals: Gould
Services: Operations
Description:
Mixed-use, mixed-income new construction project including 56 rental and 15 homeownership units plus commercial space; new construction on the waterfront in East Boston. Gould; Operations





Services for the Underserved 
By Laura on July 28, 2016 in Operations, Principal, Service, Weber 

Services for the Underserved
Location: New York, NY
Year: 2016
Principals: Weber
Services: Operations
Description:
Property management assessment and recommendations. Weber; Operations



1
2
…
7
Next →


Client List
Projects





 VIVA Consulting888.693.8310info@vivaconsult.com
 
























Services - Viva Consulting




































































Navigation



Viva Consulting
Real Estate Management Consulting




 





Services 



services




WHAT WE DO
We can help you craft a real estate development strategy, improve your property management operations, refinance a struggling property, or launch a new business line. Our knowledge of the industry and our experience with hundreds of other organizations make us efficient with your time and consulting dollars.
Our clients are public, private and nonprofit. From our base in the Boston area, our practice takes us to urban, suburban and rural settings nearby and across the country.

Buildings: Feasibility, Finance, Execution
Successful developments should benefit their neighborhoods, their residents and their owners, on the day they open and long-term. As experienced practitioners, VIVA can help with any stage of your project. From program design, siting, financing, permitting, community process, or managing a construction team, we have the know-how to get the job done.
View featured project

Organizations: Assessments and Planning
Successful ventures start with thoughtful plans. VIVA can help analyze your business trajectory, chart your firm’s strategic course or launch a new venture.
View featured project

Management: Properties and Assets
VIVA can help you achieve excellence in property and asset management to ensure long-term quality and help your organization function as a successful owner. We incorporate best practices from around the country to provide turnaround strategies; organizational and operational design; and coaching and professional support for property and asset management executives.
View featured project

Operations: Systems and Staff
Building the right systems and staffing is more than developing organizational charts or finding the right software. VIVA can help build processes that reflect your organizational information needs to optimize or augment systems and create structures that help your staff find success.
View featured project





What We Do
Buildings
Organizations
Management
Operations





 VIVA Consulting888.693.8310info@vivaconsult.com
 






































 ViVA Announces Release of $5 million Tier 1 Reg A+ Offering for Ugandan Property Rights  

         








    








 



































ViVA Announces Release of $5 million Tier 1 Reg A+ Offering for Ugandan Property Rights
                                              











News provided by
ViVA Consulting Group Inc.  
27 Sep, 2016, 18:44 BST










Share this article




























































ROCKVILLE, Maryland, Sept. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ViVA Consulting Group Inc. (DBA ViVA International) is pleased to announce a unique investment opportunity to secure the property rights of over 1 million landowners in the Kingdom of Buganda, Uganda.  The project provides greater land and financial security for the people of Buganda, biometrically registering landowners and providing 100% accurate identification for secure and fraud-resistant land registration and other land transactions.  The planned offering is being placed under the Tier 1 Regulation A+ rules of the SEC for up to 50,000 preferred share units of the Company and is priced at $100 per share, for a maximum gross dollar value of five million dollars ($5,000,000).  Shares carry a 10% fixed dividend for four years, and will be redeemed by the company at the end of the fourth year for the purchase price.  After redemption and recovery of initial capital, investors retain the right to a portion of project dividends for the 10+ year life of the project. The offering proceeds will be used to fund the completion and operation of the project.  ViVA is soliciting indications of interest under the SEC's "test the waters" provision of Regulation A+ during the qualification period, and will only accept offers after final SEC approval.  







Requests for more information, non-binding requests to reserve shares, or expressions of interest may be registered on our website at http://www.vivagovsolutions.com/investment-opportunities/.  
Alternatively, prospective investors may contact Andy Altahawi of Adamson Brothers by email at aadamson@adamsonbrothers.com, or by phone at 646-694-0051.
The following link contains the complete offering circular and supporting documents which are posted on the SEC website: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1677331/000167733116000006/0001677331-16-000006-index.htm
Disclaimer:
No money or other consideration is being solicited for our Regulation A+ offering at this time and if sent in to ViVA will not be accepted.  No offer to buy securities in a Regulation A+ offering of ViVA can be accepted and no part of the purchase price can be received until ViVA's offering statement is qualified with the SEC.  Any such offer to buy securities may be withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any time before notice of its acceptance given after the qualification date.  Any indications of interest in ViVA's offering involves no obligation or commitment of any kind.
 SOURCE ViVA Consulting Group Inc. 



 







My News


 Release contains wide tables.
	 View fullscreen.






You just read:
ViVA Announces Release of $5 million Tier 1 Reg A+ Offering for Ugandan Property Rights


News provided by
ViVA Consulting Group Inc.  
27 Sep, 2016, 18:44 BST









Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In


















Search  



































 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









