VNUE, Inc. 10-K Apr. 14, 2017  5:21 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»VNUE, Inc. (VNUE)FORM 10-K | Annual ReportApr. 14, 2017  5:21 PM|About: VNUE, Inc. (VNUE)View as PDF

 VNUE, Inc. (Form: 10-K, Received: 04/14/2017 17:24:15) 





















	 




	UNITED STATES

	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

	Washington, D.C. 20549




	 




	FORM 10-K




	 




	x

	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



	 



	For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016



	 





	¨


	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



	 



	Commission File Number:

	000-53462




	 











	VNUE, Inc.








	(Formerly Tierra Grande Resources Inc.)





	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


	 






	Nevada





	 





	98-054-3851







	(State or Other Jurisdiction of




	 




	(I.R.S. Employer






	Incorporation of Organization)




	 




	Identification No.)





	 



	 




	 







	104 W. 29

	th

	Street, 11

	th

	Floor





	 






	 







	New York, NY 10001





	 





	857-777-6190







	(Address of Principal Executive Offices)




	 




	(Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)






	 


	Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

	None



	 


	Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

	Common Stock



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


	 





	Large accelerated filer




	¨




	Accelerated filer




	¨






	Non-accelerated filer





	¨





	Smaller reporting company





	x






	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant at December 31, 2016 was approximately $1,196,295.


	 


	The number of shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding at December 31, 2016 was 644,879,708 shares. The number of shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding at March 31, 2017 was 656,087,976 shares.


	 


















	 




	 







	 




	 





	VNUE, INC.


	TABLE OF CONTENTS




	 









	PART I






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Item 1.






	Description of Business





	 




	 




	3




	 







	Item 1A.






	Risk Factors





	 




	 




	11




	 







	Item 1B.






	Unresolved Staff Comments





	 




	 




	11




	 







	Item 2.






	Properties





	 




	 




	11




	 







	Item 3.






	Legal Proceedings





	 




	 




	11




	 







	Item 4.






	Mine Safety Disclosures





	 




	 




	11




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 








	PART II








	 




	 




	10




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Item 5.






	Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities





	 




	 




	12




	 







	Item 6.






	Selected Financial Data





	 




	 




	13




	 







	Item 7.






	Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations





	 




	 




	14




	 







	Item 7A.






	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 





	 




	 




	17




	 







	Item 8.






	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 





	 




	 




	18




	 







	Item 9.






	Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure





	 




	 




	19




	 







	Item 9A.






	Controls and Procedures 





	 




	 




	19




	 







	Item 9A(T).






	Controls and Procedures

	 




	 




	 




	20




	 







	Item 9B.






	Other Information 





	 




	 




	20




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 








	PART III








	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Item 10.






	Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Corporate Governance





	 




	 




	21




	 







	Item 11.






	Executive Compensation





	 




	 




	24




	 







	Item 12.






	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters





	 




	 




	25




	 







	Item 13.






	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence





	 




	 




	26




	 







	Item 14.






	Principal Accountant Fees and Services





	 




	 




	26




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 








	PART IV








	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Item 15.






	Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Financial Statement Schedules





	 




	 




	27




	 





	 






	 




	2







	 




	 






	 




	PART I




	 




	Item 1. Description of Business




	 




	Forward-Looking Statements






	 


	The statements in this annual report that are not reported financial results or other historical information are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the

	Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

	, as amended. These statements appear in a number of different places in this report and can be identified by words such as "estimates", "projects", "expects", "intends", "believes", "plans", or their negatives or other comparable words. Also look for discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding our business plans and availability of financing for our business.


	 


	You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees and may involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements due to risks facing us or due to actual facts differing from the assumptions underlying our estimates. Some of these risks and assumptions include those set forth in reports and other documents we have filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We advise you that these cautionary remarks expressly qualify in their entirety all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Unless required by law, we do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements based on unanticipated events or changed expectations. However, you should carefully review the reports and other documents we file from time to time with the SEC.


	 




	Presentation of Information






	 


	As used in this annual report, the terms "we", "us", "our" and the "Company" mean VNUE, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise.


	 


	All dollar amounts in this annual report refer to US dollars unless otherwise indicated.


	 




	Overview




	 


	We were incorporated as a Nevada corporation on April 4, 2006.


	 



	Corporate History and Prior Business



	 


	Effective April 10, 2013, the Company changed its name from Buckingham Exploration Inc. to Tierra Grande Resources Inc. On August 9, 2010, the Company incorporated 0887717 B.C. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary in British Columbia, Canada. On February 28, 2013, the Company acquired a 100% interest in Tierra Grande Resources, S.A.C. ("Tierra"), a company incorporated in Peru, in consideration for $10.


	 


	Prior to the Merger, our strategy had been to identify, acquire and advance mining assets that present near term cash-flow with the emphasis on creating early cash flow to enable the Company to consider other projects.


	 


	In July 2013, we entered into a Letter of Intent to acquire the Buldibuyo Gold Project in Peru, South America. We subsequently entered into an updated Letter of Intent to acquire the project in May 2014. It was our intention to acquire 100% of the gold project, which had produced high grade ore in the past, and had engaged in some due diligence to qualify expectations and timelines. However, despite the execution of the Letter of Intent and numerous attempts to accommodate the vendors, the vendors failed to deliver essential information to us required to conduct a thorough technical and legal due diligence on the project and associated holding companies and, accordingly, we terminated negotiations to acquire the project in July 2014.


	 


	The Company continued to review what we believed to be opportunities with potential in Peru through our strategic alliance with ExploAndes S.A.C. ("ExploAndes"). ExploAndes is a leading firm of geology consultants and project logistics managers located in Peru assisting in the identification, assessment and advancement of projects in South America. ExploAndes has a proven track record of delivering professional services to the South American mining industry from mineral project review and assessment to project management.


	 






	 




	3







	 






	Table of Contents






	 


	The Company also continued to review what we believed to be opportunities with potential in Australia through our strategic alliance with Mining Plus Pty Ltd ("Mining Plus"), a leading firm of mining and geoscience consultants with offices in Australia, Canada and Peru that assist in the identification, assessment and advancement of mining projects.


	 


	Given the Company’s then financial condition and its focus in Peru and Australia, its interests in the Dome, Byng and Tramp claims in Canada were not renewed. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2014 for more information regarding our prior business.


	 



	Agreement and Plan of Merger



	 


	We entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), on April 13, 2015 with VNUE, Inc., a company incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State of Washington ("VNUE"), and TGRI Merger Corp., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ("Merger Sub").


	 


	On May 29, 2015, VNUE, Inc. (formerly Tierra Grande Resources Inc.) ("TGRI"), closed the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), initially entered into on April 13, 2015 with VNUE Washington and all of the stockholders of VNUE Washington.


	 


	Upon closing of the Merger Agreement, a total of 507,629,872 shares of TGRI common stock were issued as follows: (i) all shares of VNUE Washington stock of any class or series issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger Agreement were automatically converted into and exchanged for an aggregate of 477,815,488 fully paid and non-assessable shares of TGRI common stock; and (ii) an aggregate of 29,814,384 shares of TGRI common stock were issued to Matheau J. W. Stout, Esq. as payment for services performed prior to and in connection with the Merger. The number of TGRI common shares issued to VNUE Washington's stockholders for the acquisition of all shares of VNUE Washington represented approximately 79.0% of the issued and outstanding common stock immediately after the closing of the Merger Agreement. The board of directors and the members of the management of TGRI resigned and the board of directors and the member of the management of VNUE Washington became the board of directors and the member of the management of the combined entities upon closing of the Merger Agreement.


	 


	As a result of the controlling financial interest of the former stockholders of VNUE Washington, for financial statement reporting purposes, the merger between TGRI and VNUE Washington was treated as a reverse acquisition, with VNUE Washington deemed the accounting acquirer and TGRI deemed the accounting acquiree under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Section 805-10-55 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction in substance whereas the assets and liabilities of VNUE Washington (the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to TGRI (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value before the combination and the equity structure (the number and type of equity interests issued) of VNUE Washington is being retroactively restated using the exchange ratio established in the Merger Agreement to reflect the number of shares of TGRI issued to effectuate the acquisition. The number of common shares issued and outstanding and the amount recognized as issued equity interests in the consolidated financial statements is determined by adding the number of common shares deemed issued and the issued equity interests of VNUE Washington immediately prior to the business combination to the unredeemed shares and the fair value of TGRI determined in accordance with the guidance in ASC Section 805-40-55 applicable to business combinations, i.e. the equity structure (the number and type of equity interests issued) in the consolidated financial statements immediately post the combination reflects the equity structure of TGRI, including the equity interests the legal parent issued to effect the combination.


	 


	A copy of the Merger Agreement was attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s 8-K filed on April 14, 2015. The description of the Merger Agreement herein is qualified by the terms of the full text of the agreement attached thereto and the terms thereof are incorporated herein by reference.


	 



	Overview of our Current Business





	 


	Through VNUE, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, we now carry on business as a live entertainment music technology company which brings bands and fans together by capturing professional quality audio and video recordings of live performances and delivers the experience of a venue to your home and hand.


	 


	By streamlining the processes of curation, clearing, capturing, distribution and monetization of music performances, VNUE manages and simplifies the complexities of the music ecosystem.


	 






	 




	4







	 






	Table of Contents






	 


	VNUE produces and captures rich content through its Front of House mobile application and provides world-wide distribution and monetization of live concerts and other events through a suite of mobile, web administration applications, allowing an artist to seamlessly deliver and sell their live performances directly to the fans who attend their shows.


	 


	While VNUE will primarily be used in live music venues, we are also branching into many other entertainment experiences such as comedy, plays, musicals, university lectures, professional demonstrations and panel discussions, as well as action sports and religious events.


	 


	VNUE's business model is based on the business to consumer VNUE software application, now in beta testing, as well as business to business monetization of our back end rights clearing system software, which is currently in development with a projected beta some time during the second quarter 2017.


	 


	We are a relatively new company and to date we have received no revenues from our operations. VNUE, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, only recently commenced operations and we have undertaken only organizational activities and software application development. Our independent auditors have raised substantial doubts as to our ability to continue as a going concern without significant additional financing. Accordingly, for the foreseeable future, we will continue to be dependent on additional debt and equity financing in order to maintain our operations and continue with our development activities.


	 


	Acquisitions will be pursued where the Directors consider that there is clear value through the addition of expertise, customers, monetization potential or geographic footprint.


	 


	Our principal offices are located at 104 W. 29th Street, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10001. Our telephone number is 857-777-6190. The live music and entertainment space is constantly searching for new monetization outlets; VNUE has a solution that melds content and technology in almost any venue in the world. This befits not only artist, labels, publishers and live venues but the fan.


	 



	The History of VNUE





	 


	VNUE was founded in August of 2013 by Matthew Carona and Louis Mann with the vision of creating a collective network of connected venues that empower and assist bands, artist, and entertainers to monetize their performance (audio & video) in the venue using mobile technologies. VNUE has developed its business and technology in tandem to enter into deals with venues, artists and labels across the United States using this initial launch strategy. The collective venue network effect, whereby each deal makes the offer more compelling to other potential customers, has been a key driver of VNUE’s growth to date. The initial focus of the business in early 2014 as a YouTube certified company, to create a Multi-Channel Network (MCN) specifically focused on live streaming and monetization of content through the google display network. VNUE’s first customer being the HipHopGods (HHG), a collective organization that manages hip-hop, rap, and emerging artists. Their initiative was to monetize all content across the digital and social landscape and create live streams through all HHG YouTube channels. Through VNUE’s current platform, network and services, HHG is working on unlocking new revenue streams. Through VNUE’s artist dashboard artists and publishers can simplify the processes of curation, clearing, capturing, distribution and monetization in venues and across the digital landscape.


	 


	In 2014, VNUE acquired Lively LLC a Seattle based music technology company and direct-to-fan mobile platform that brings artists, fans and brands together by capturing the live performance. As a result of the acquisition, VNUE has grown its platform, expanded into enabled venues and enhanced its platform offering to approve the monetization model and further evangelize the creation of the collective network of connected venues that empower artists to create content and monetize it.


	 



	Markets and Opportunity





	 


	It is estimated that there are over 400,000 Indie bands performing in the US domestic market alone, and while a handful of them will get produced under a label, even less will be big enough to attempt to utilize today’s current methods to capture and deliver live performance audio from a given show. Currently artist, bands and performers are missing a simple capture and immediate sell tool kit to deliver high quality audio and video to their fans for each of their live shows.


	 


	VNUE’s goal first and foremost is to empower artists - not only in serving their fans, but generating a monetary footprint, which can foster the continued creation of their art.


	 






	 




	5







	 






	Table of Contents






	 


	VNUE intends to strategically align an economically viable in-house digital solution during a golden era of live music by creating a platform and connected network that is extremely complex and resource-intensive. Through a suite of applications and with a dashboard centered at the heart of the software platform, a connected network of partners, labels, publishers, right management, artist, bands and venues and a range of advanced 3rd party distributors is created. VNUE allows distribution of content to all types of digital and social focused sites as well as within its own sandbox, with a range of revenue models and centralized reporting that the artists, labels and publishers get to keep. By using the VNUE platform, artists are allowed to create, market and distribute their shows while creating new revenue streams from digital sources. Fans are able to connect with their favorite performers in a new way, discover new performances and listen to and watch their live performances on their mobile devices, computer, gaming consoles, OTT services and connected home televisions.


	 


	Serving multiple customers on one platform enables VNUE to cost-effectively invest significant amounts in innovation to drive continuous product iterations that evolve as digital technology evolves.


	 



	Monetization and Business Model





	 


	In today’s social media world, fans want to be able to immediately share with their friends the fact they were at a concert and how great the performance was that they just attended. Fans do not want to wait for a post-tour, live show CD to be produced from some other show on the tour months after the fact. They want the performance they witnessed and they want it now. VNUE intends to provide the solution.


	 


	Artists, music industry executives, record labels, music publishers and live performance venues will access VNUE’s solution as a service, through which they are able to benefit from a range of different revenue models to optimize the value of their live and on-demand content across a majority of digital ecosystems. The Company’s primary revenue model is to take a share of the revenue from sales of concert performances both audio and video or audio separately. In addition, the revenue stream can also include an advertising or sponsorship component that was integrated into tours. This revenue share aligns business outcomes for all parties and means that costs are primarily baked into the software and delivery agent. Typical revenue shares are expected to range from 15-60 percent and vary based on the level of service allocated to each artist, label, music publisher, and performance venue and the scale of the business opportunity. Secondary revenue streams include fees for storage, usage, licensing and software upgrades (design or social advertising distribution). VNUE’s revenue share is reported as net revenue (i.e. gross transaction revenues minus any revenue share due to third parties).


	 


	As a software-focused business, VNUE can take advantage of a single technology platform to continuously acquire users at low marginal cost leveraging artist promotion, in venue marketing and mobile notifications. Further automation and self-service tools are intended to allow VNUE to provide more advanced services to the industry and artist without adding significantly to the cost base or headcount.


	 


	VNUE intends to deliver a technology suite to accompany the publisher that allows them to source and then generate a wide swath of reports down to granular level in venue streams and conversions. VNUE looks to commercialize the in venue sales components that is currently missing and expand these efforts globally and embed live and on-demand content from the VNUE audience network efficiently and cost-effectively. These features, such as its real time audio sweating tools, are designed to significantly reduce the manual effort required to display music content and, therefore, increase the efficiency of content distribution and the revenue yield per performance sold.


	 



	Products, Services and Intellectual Property





	 


	The company’s cloud-based software platform, contains four major pieces of intellectual property, based on a full stack Amazon Web Services deployment on which we support our mobile app, our Cross Platform Desktop Player, our VNUE Front of House (FOH) (for capturing soundboard audio), and the Artist Admin Portal for digital rights clearing and management of all artists, shows, and content. This technology is based on current languages and technologies and has been designed to be easily deployed and maintained. Currently, our software is being held as a proprietary trade secret and there are no current intentions to formally file documents with the United State Patent and Trademark Office; however, we may do so in the future.


	 






	 




	6







	 






	Table of Contents






	 


	VNUE’s Audio Manager is called Front of House. Sound Engineers at a music venue can use the Front of House application to capture performances for a band on any given night and immediately distribute digitally to patrons. The VNUE Front of House (FOH) is a mobile audio capture/upload tool that allows the user to capture a stereo feed from a live performance, split it into individual tracks, and upload m4a files of each track directly to the VNUE server for distribution through the VNUE Platform (Web, Mac, mobile applications). In addition, VNUE software associates the newly created live recording with its master track ID, automating publishing while the fans are still in the venue. Additionally, the system has an automated backend process anchored into a separate dashboard to handle the clearing and publishing aspects associated with the audio/video distribution and sale.


	 


	The Venue Artist Admin portal, an enterprise level content management system with administration features, allows VNUE to oversee all content and copyright clearances for artists, venues, labels and publishers. Each artist, label and publisher will receive a custom dashboard for their respective industry need.


	 


	Using VNUE’s suite of consumer focused products fans can relive a life-changing show from the night before, or catch up on their favorite band’s recent show on tour across the world. Shortly after a show’s conclusion, it is available for purchase on VNUE’s web, mac and mobile applications. In addition, 24 hours post show the audio and or video will also be syndicated for sale across our distribution network for all fans to enjoy.


	 


	Moments after the show is done, the Front of House compiles the file for sale at the venue. All of a sudden your phone buzzes with a notification from VNUE, telling you the venue you’re still standing in, is now and exclusively offering the audio or video for a price determined before the show.


	 


	VNUE partners with artists to record and quickly deliver live shows to fans in studio-quality audio and video. Content is purchased and downloaded in the app moments after the show so fans can stay connected to the band even when they aren't looking up.


	 




	VNUE Artist Admin






	 


	Our Venue Artist Admin suite works this way: an artist signs up on www.vnue.com, uploads their tracks for the next show and then uses the FOH application for Audience Point of Sale for their Audio or Video recorded show. That is our definition of a "VNUE Enabled Artist". Our simple audio options let artists easily connect with their fans without losing quality. Using our Front of House software and a stereo audio interface (ex. Apogee Duet), artist can capture their live shows at any venue. The shows are then cleared, managed, and distributed through the VNUE Audience Platform and Artist Admin.


	 




	VNUE Admin






	 


	VNUE Admin is a collective network of connected Venues. Enabled with VNUE Front of House Technology, Customized Audience Admin Account and a content publishing hub made up of HD cameras and location based software to collect various points of consumer related data prior, during and post the performance. VNUE believes this is the definitive technology and product for live events, venues and music festivals.


	 




	Enabled Venues




	 


	The sound engineer or designated management at the venue will have access to a customized web administration system to align their bookings, artists, and revenue from in venue sales. We call these Venues, Enabled. VNUE partners directly with venues to give them the tools they need to record live shows. We invest upfront in audio and video capture equipment or sync with current video services at venues. An on-site promotional partnership with the venue encourages app downloads at the show for new members and repeat customers. The result is a cost effective customer acquisition model for Artists as well as VNUE.


	 




	The VNUE Proposition






	 


	VNUE provides an enterprise level solution to its partners through a software enabled service. The VNUE approach is focused on high quality content digital production and acquiring rights prior to the performance. VNUE seeks to distribute back to publishers and work with licensing to increase revenue and build a long tail value proposition for every performance captured. VNUE provides customers with audience network information and support for distribution of content to all types of destination sites including content owner sites, platforms and the business network of music publishers, streaming music services and "over the top" devices.


	 






	 




	7







	 






	Table of Contents






	 


	Management believes its enterprise level solution drives the following benefits to customers:


	 


	* VNUE Super Admin – Proprietary Rights management software that enables granular control of content distribution, including by geography, personality types and publishers.


	 


	* Long Term Investment – VNUE primarily takes a share of customers’ revenue, with VNUE taking the majority of its fees when the revenue is delivered.


	 


	* iOS Focused– VNUE’s software enables customers to take advantage of enhance for iOS features, that greatly increase the probability of purchase.


	 


	* Flexible Revenue Models – Labels, Venues, and Artists work with us to adapt their deal based on different revenue models including licensed, ad-funded, and direct to consumer or sponsorship.


	 


	* Keep the Data – Performance data is collated from the FOH, Mobile Sandbox, Super Admin and Artist Admin into one dashboard. Financial data can be downloaded anytime for any reason. Full transparency of VNUE data is extremely important.


	 


	* VNUE Audience reach – VNUE’s distribution to a pre-connected network of publishers enables access to potentially larger audiences.


	 



	License Agreement with Universal Music Corp.





	 


	On November 2, 2015, the Company entered into a License Agreement with Universal Music Corp. ("Universal"). The License Agreement is effective September 8, 2015, and has a term of Two (2) Years from the Effective Date. Under the terms of the License Agreement, Universal is granting to VNUE a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to create and distribute content using certain Universal compositions, more specified in the Grant of Right’s section of the License Agreement.


	 


	The Company will then market and sell this content via the VNUE Service at certain agreed upon price points more specifically described in the Business Model and Price Points Section of the License Agreement, and the Company shall pay Universal royalties for each sale of the content as specified in the Royalty Rates section of the License Agreement.


	 


	In accordance with the Minimum Guarantee provision of the License Agreement, the Company was required to pay Universal a minimum first year fee of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000), which is due within 10 days of execution and a second year minimum fee of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000), which is due upon the commencement of the second year of the Term. The Company paid the minimum first year fee of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) to Universal on November 10, 2015. Upon mutual agreement of the parties the second payment has been deferred pending certain revisions of the agreement currently being negotiated between the parties.


	 


	Now that the Company has paid the minimum first year fee to Universal, the Company’s plan is to continue raising capital through the sales of its common stock in order to complete the development of its VNUE Service. Once development of the VNUE Service is complete, the Company plans to concentrate on the marketing and sales of content created under the Licensing Agreement with Universal, as well as identifying strategic opportunities with other music industry leaders.


	 






	 




	8







	 






	Table of Contents






	 




	Competition






	 


	A number of music streaming services exist, but these services are not packaging the audio for a fan that is currently at the performance to purchase and enjoy immediately after the show. In addition, they are not providing services on a cost effective automated basis necessary to provide high quality audio recordings that is cost effective enough to be utilized by artists to cover all their individual shows. Our main competition is a small group, which includes set.FM, LoveLive, SoundHalo, and nugs.net. There are some competitors that do post show production audio through a very manual and delayed process that is not available to the fans for days if not weeks after the show, and their process is so costly that the artists have to pick and choose certain shows to cover. Others have attempted to capture live audio at shows and burn the show to a CD for distribution at the show, but again, this is a very costly and manual process that does not produce enough CDs fast enough at a given show to meet the demand. We believe the CD process does not scale effectively, and cannot efficiently cover every show in a tour. Nor does the CD process appear to have the capability to cover thousands of bands at once as every show requires a significant amount of equipment and manpower deployed at each show. Additionally, the idea of delivery media on a CD is antiquated and we believe the ability to deliver media on mobile devices is key to capturing today’s market audience. In addition, antiquated capture and delivery methods have an additional difficulty in that there is a complex back end process of clearing publishing and royalty rights which is difficult for the average band to navigate in order to produce and deliver live show audio to their fans. VNUE’s acquisition of the Lively software provides the technology for a comprehensive solution that addresses these concerns in one automated solution.


	 


	However, there can be no assurance that even if we are successful, we will be able to compete effectively with the other companies in our industry. As we are a relatively small company, we face the same problems as other small companies in any industry, such as lack of available funds, established distribution channels or an established customer base. Our competitors may be substantially larger and better funded than us, and have significantly longer histories of operation and development than us. In addition, they may be able to provide more competitive products than we can and generally be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in legislation and regulations relating to the industry. Additionally, our competitors may devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products or services than we do. Increased competition could also result in loss of key personnel, reduced margins or loss of market share, any of which could harm our business.


	 



	Key Business Strengths





	 


	Management believes that the key factors that will contribute to VNUE’s success are:


	 


	1. The Connected Venue Network Pre-connected Network – VNUE has a large and growing pre-connected network of partners – over 750 content owners and over 6,500 publishers. Content owners can quickly access this network of publishers who may want their content and publishers can access a wide range of premium content across the Business’ industry verticals.


	 


	2. VNUE Audience Innovation – VNUE has a team of approximately 10 people involved in R&D, tasked with continually upgrading and enhancing the software product to better serve customers’ evolving needs. Upgrades are easy to deploy due to the platform’s modular design – it has been constructed as a service orientated cloud-based architecture for maximum scalability.


	 


	3. Advanced Services – VNUE’s specialist teams offer a range of advanced services including audience development, metadata and search engine optimization, premium advertising and sponsorship sales, live streaming event support and premium support for enterprise customers. VNUE Studios leverages a creative network of content producers, talent, publishers and brands to identify opportunities for the creation of the best live programming.


	 


	4. Business Model Aligned to the Customer Interests – VNUE’s primary revenue model is to take a share of those revenues due to the customer for use of its software and services as well as approved license to package performances within our products. Aligning VNUE success with the success of its customers greatly helps the artist VNUE’s strategy is not focused on production in-house, or acquiring rights (therefore it does not actively seek to compete with content owners), nor does it own B2C sites (therefore it does not actively seek to compete with publishers).


	 


	5. Track Record of Delivering for Key Reference Customers – Due to the proposition described above, capabilities and customer benefits, VNUE has signed up a range of established customers. The Directors believe that a track record of recruiting and delivering for established customers will support further business development activities.


	 



	Employees



	 


	We currently have two full-time and no part-time employees. We also currently engage independent contractors in the areas of accounting, legal and auditing services, corporate finance, as well as marketing and business development. The remuneration paid to our officers and directors will be more completely described elsewhere our audited financial statements. We expect to double the number of employees over the next 12 month period. We do and will continue to outsource contract employment as needed.


	 






	 




	9







	 






	Table of Contents






	 



	Reports to Security Holders





	 


	We are subject to the reporting and other requirements of the Exchange Act and we intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year. We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to meet our timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also file additional documents with the Commission if they become necessary in the course of our company’s operations.


	 


	The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov.


	 



	Patents, Trademarks, Franchises, Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts



	 


	As stated above we have no current plans for any registrations such as patents, trademarks, copyrights, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements or labor contracts. We will assess the need for any copyright, trademark or patent applications on an ongoing basis.


	 



	Research and Development



	 


	We spent $1,108,978 on research and development activities during the year ended December 31, 2016, primarily related to the development of our proprietary software and we anticipate that we will incur additional expenses on research and development over the next 12 months. Our planned expenditures on our operations are summarized under the section of this annual report entitled "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations".


	 





	Subsidiaries



	 


	The Company consolidates the following subsidiaries and/or entities:


	 






	Name of consolidated subsidiary or


	Entity





	 





	State or other jurisdiction of




	incorporation or organization





	 





	Date of incorporation or formation




	(date of acquisition/disposition, if


	applicable)





	 





	Attributable interest























	 






	VNUE Inc. (formerly TGRI)




	 




	The State of Nevada




	 




	April 4, 2006


	(May 29, 2015)




	 




	100




	%




















	 






	VNUE Inc. (VNUE Washington)




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	100




	%




















	 






	VNUE LLC




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	August 1, 2013


	(December 3, 2014)




	 




	100




	%




















	 






	VNUE Technology Inc.




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	90




	%




















	 






	VNUE Media Inc.




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	89




	%






	 


	The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the subsidiaries/entities as of reporting periods end date and for the reporting periods then ended from their respective dates of incorporation/formation, acquisition or disposition.




	 



	Environmental Laws



	 


	We believe that our operations do not have a material effect on the environment nor do environmental regulations have a material impact on our current operations.


	 






	 




	10







	 






	Table of Contents






	 






	Item 1A. Risk Factors




	 


	Not Applicable.



	 






	Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments




	 


	None.



	 








	Item 2. Properties




	 


	Our corporate office is located at 104 W. 29

	th

	Street, 11

	th

	Floor, New York, NY 10001. Our telephone number is 857-777-6190. The office space is shared with other companies and entrepreneurs and we pay $1,300 per month for the use of the space on a month to month basis. We began use of the office space in April 2015. We have no other real property.



	 






	Item 3. Legal Proceedings




	 


	From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. Other than described herein, neither the Company, nor its officers or directors are involved in, or the subject of, any pending legal proceedings or governmental actions the outcome of which, in management’s opinion, would be material to our financial condition or results of operations.


	 


	On December 11, 2015, Hughes Media Law Group, Inc. filed a lawsuit against VNUE, Inc. in the Superior Court of King County, Washington, under case number 15-2-30108-0. HMLG claims damages of $130,552.78 for unpaid legal fees HMLG alleges are owed pursuant to an April 4, 2014 agreement with

	VNUE Washington

	, for legal work performed by HMLG for

	VNUE Washington

	prior to the Merger. The Complaint sets forth no legal basis for a lawsuit against VNUE, Inc. (Nevada) and does not, in fact, sue

	VNUE Washington

	, HMLG’s former client. The Company believes that VNUE, Inc. (Nevada) is not the proper party for this lawsuit, and reserves all available defenses and counterclaims. Under Washington Superior Court rules, VNUE, Inc. (Nevada) if service of process takes place outside of Washington, a defendant has Sixty (60) days from the date on which it was served the Complaint, to file a response setting forth its defenses. The lawsuit was amended by HMLG, and now includes VNUE Media, Inc. and VNUE Technology, Inc. as additional parties. On July 25, 2016, the court issued judgment awarding HLMG $133,482.12 with interest at a rate of 12% per annum. The judgment stipulated that $12,000 be paid within five days of the judgment and payments of $4,000 per month to start in October, 2016. The amount of the settlement has been recorded in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.





	 






	Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures




	 


	Not applicable.







	 




	11







	 






	Table of Contents








	 






	PART II




	 






	Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




	 



	Market Information



	 


	There is a limited public market for our common shares. Our common shares are quoted on the OTCMarkets under the symbol "VNUE". Trading in stocks quoted on the OTCMarkets is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company’s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock.


	 


	OTCMarkets securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTCMarkets securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTCMarkets issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange.


	 


	Our common stock became eligible for quotation on the OTCMarkets on November 18, 2013. As of December 31, 2016, only a minimal amount of shares have traded on OTCMarkets.


	 



	Stockholders of Our Common Shares



	 


	The table below sets forth the high and low bid prices for our common stock on the OTCBB for the periods indicated. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.


	 








	Period





	 





	High



	($)





	 




	 





	Low



	($)





	 






	October 1, 2016 – December 31, 2016




	 




	 



	0.0044



	 




	 




	 



	0.0016



	 






	July 1, 2016 – September 30, 2016




	 




	 



	0.0070



	 




	 




	 



	0.0020



	 






	April 1, 2016 – June 30, 2016




	 




	 



	0.0058



	 




	 




	 



	0.0022



	 






	January 1, 2016 –March 31, 2016




	 




	 



	0.0650



	 




	 




	 



	0.0032



	 






	October 1, 2015 – December 31, 2015




	 




	 



	0.0650



	 




	 




	 



	0.0280



	 






	July 1, 2015 – September 30, 2015




	 




	 



	0.0310



	 




	 




	 



	0.0170



	 






	April 1, 2015 – June 30, 2015




	 




	 



	0.0330



	 




	 




	 



	0.0045



	 






	January 1, 2015 – March 31, 2015




	 




	 



	0.0084



	 




	 




	 



	0.0040



	 






	 


	On December 31, 2016, the closing price of our shares of common stock on the OTCBB was $0.0044.


	 



	Holders



	 


	As of December 31, 2016, there were approximately 192 holders of record of our common stock.


	 



	Dividends



	 


	There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend:


	 


	1. We would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or


	 


	2. Our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution.


	 


	We have not declared any dividends, and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future.


	 






	 




	12







	 






	Table of Contents






	  



	Equity Compensation Plans



	 


	In April 2013, we adopted a 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term success of our company and the creation of stockholder value by encouraging the attraction and retention of qualified employees and non-employee directors, encouraging them to focus on critical long-range objectives of our company and linking their interests directly to stockholder interests through increased stock ownership. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for various types of incentive awards to participants. We believe it is important to have flexibility to grant various types of equity awards to our employees so that we can react appropriately to the changing environment. No securities have been issued under the Plan to date.


	 


	The Plan shall be administered by our Board until the appointment of an appropriate committee (the "Committee"). The Committee has the discretion to determine the types and terms of awards made under the Plan. The Plan allows the Company to grant stock options; restricted stock rights; restricted stock; performance shares; performance share units; and stock appreciation rights to employees, officers, consultants to, and non-employee directors of, our company on the grant date of the award. The total number of shares subject to all awards under the Plan is fifteen million, subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan for stock splits, dividends, distributions, recapitalizations and other similar transactions or events. The maximum number of shares that may be granted to a participant in any year is three million. If any shares subject to an award are forfeited, expire, lapse or otherwise terminate without issuance of such shares, such shares shall, to the extent of such forfeiture, expiration, lapse or termination, again be available for issuance under the Plan rules, other than for non-substantive amendments to the Plan. The Plan also sets out provisions relating to a change in control of the Company, the non-transferability of awards, the forfeiture and substitution of awards, as well as other provisions customary for plans of this type.


	 





	Equity Compensation Plan Information



	 





	 




	 





	As of December 31, 2016





	 






	 




	 





	Number of



	Common



	Shares



	Issued or to be



	Issued Under



	Equity



	Compensation



	Plans





	 




	 





	Weighted-



	Average



	Exercise Price of



	Outstanding



	Options,



	Warrants and



	Rights


	($)




	 




	 






	Number of



	Common



	Shares



	Remaining



	Available



	for Future



	Issuance



	Under Equity



	Compensation



	Plans





	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders





	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 







	Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders





	 




	 



	0



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	15,000,000



	 






	Total




	 




	 



	0



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	15,000,000



	 






	 



	Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities



	 


	There are no previously unreported sales of our unregistered securities.



	 






	Item 6. Selected Financial Data




	 


	Not applicable.


	 






	 




	13







	 






	Table of Contents







	 






	Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




	 


	The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report, as well as the section in this annual report entitled "Description of Business". These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are presented in U.S. dollars.


	 




	Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information




	 


	The statements in this registration statement that are not reported financial results or other historical information are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the

	Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

	, as amended. These statements appear in a number of different places in this report and can be identified by words such as "estimates", "projects", "expects", "intends", "believes", "plans", or their negatives or other comparable words. Also look for discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding our business plans and availability of financing for our business.


	 


	You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees and may involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements due to risks facing us or due to actual facts differing from the assumptions underlying our estimates. Some of these risks and assumptions include those set forth in reports and other documents we have filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We advise you that these cautionary remarks expressly qualify in their entirety all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Unless required by law, we do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements based on unanticipated events or changed expectations. However, you should carefully review the reports and other documents we file from time to time with the SEC.






	 




	Presentation of Information




	 


	As used in this quarterly report, the terms "we", "us", "our" and the "Company" mean VNUE, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise.


	 


	All dollar amounts in this quarterly report refer to US dollars unless otherwise indicated.






	 




	Overview




	 


	Following the Merger on May 29, 2015, we now carry on business as a live entertainment music service company which brings bands and fans together by capturing professional quality audio and video recordings of live performances and delivers the experience of a venue to your home and hand.


	 


	By streamlining the processes of curation, clearing, capturing, distribution & monetization, VNUE manages and simplifies the complexities of the music ecosystem.


	 


	VNUE captures content through its Front of House mobile application and provides world-wide distribution and monetization through a suite of mobile, web administration applications, allowing an artist to seamlessly deliver and sell their live performances directly to the fans who attend their shows.






	 






	Results of Operations






	 


	The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for the Twelve-Months ended December 31, 2016 should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. We are in the process of completing development of our products and services and therefore do not have revenues or income.


	 






	 




	14







	 






	Table of Contents






	 




	Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2015






	 





	Software Development







	 


	Our software development expenses for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2016 amounted to $1,108,978 compared to $550,252 for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015. The increase represents the necessary development of our software that is the basis for our products and services that we plan to offer as we implement our business plan as well as a decrease in the value of shares issued for services.


	 





	General and Administrative Expenses







	 


	Our general and administrative expenses for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2016 amounted to $1,203,880 compared to $2,323,578 for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in general and administrative expenses relative to last year is due primarily to the decrease in salaries for full time personnel and contract labor caused by our lack of sufficient working capital.


	 





	Acquisition-Related Costs







	 


	Our acquisition-related costs for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015 amounted to $906,462 in connection with the closing of the Merger on May 29, 2015. There were no such costs in 2016.


	 





	Impairment of Intangibles







	 


	Our impairment of intangibles costs for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015 amounted to $265,500. There were no such costs in 2016.








	 





	Other (Income) Expenses, Net







	 


	We recorded other expense, net for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2016 of $223,569 compared to other expense, net of $221,461 for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015. The change in net other expenses was primarily due to increased financing costs of $333,700 offset by the change in fair value of derivative liability.


	 




	Net Loss




	from Operations




	 


	As a result of the foregoing acquisition-related costs, software development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and other income, our net loss for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2016 was $2,536,427, compared to our net loss for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015 of $4,267,263.





	 






	Liquidity and Capital Resources






	 


	Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through private offerings of our equity securities and loans.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $17,952.


	 


	We had negative cash flow from operating activities of $314,324 for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2016, compared with negative cash flow from operating activities of $828,167 for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015. The improvement in our negative cash flows for operating activities for the period is primarily due to greater costs associated with the issuance of common stock for the merger and for services and financing activities for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015.


	 


	We had no cash flow from investing activities for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2016. We had negative cash flow from investing activities of $52,037 for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015 due to an advance to a related party.


	 


	We had positive cash flow from financing activities of $324,488 for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2016 as compared to $887,946 for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015. The cash flows from financing activities for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2016 were primarily due to $300,000 in proceeds from a convertible note, $19,488 received from a stockholder and $5,000 in proceeds from the issuance of common shares. The cash flow from financing activities for the Twelve-Months Ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to $946,319 in proceeds from the issuance of common shares. This $946,319 is offset by $17,373 in repayments to a stockholder and $41,000 in repayments of convertible notes payable during the same period.


	 






	 




	15







	 






	Table of Contents






	 




	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements






	 


	We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders.


	 




	Going Concern




	 


	The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the consolidated financial statements, the Company had a stockholders’ deficit of $1,852,062 at December 31, 2016, and incurred a net loss of $2,536,427, and used net cash in operating activities of $314,324 for the reporting period then ended. Certain of the Company’s notes payable are also past due and in default. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements were issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.


	 


	Management estimates that the current funds on hand along with the funds received after year end as well as from additional sources will be sufficient to continue operations through December 2017. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company’s ability to execute its strategy and in its ability to raise additional funds. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of equity securities and convertible notes for cash to operate our business. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stock holders, in case or equity financing.


	 


	We have not generated revenues, have incurred losses since our inception, and rely upon the sale of our common stock and loans from related and other parties to fund our operations. We do not anticipate generating any revenues in the foreseeable future, and if we are unable to raise equity or secure alternative financing, we may not be able to pursue our plans and our business may fail.


	 




	Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates




	 


	Our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.


	 


	While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, we believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to our financial results and to the understanding of our past and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management’s estimates and assumptions. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (1) it requires us to make assumptions because information was not available at the time or it included matters that were highly uncertain at the time we were making our estimate; and (2) changes in the estimate could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. See Note 2 - Significant and Critical Accounting Policies and Practices page F-7 herein.


	 






	 




	16







	 






	Table of Contents






	 



	Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions



	 


	The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the assumptions used to value the derivative liabilities, the valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset and the accruals for potential liabilities.


	 



	Internal Software Development Costs





	 


	Development costs incurred in the research and development of new software products and enhancements to existing software products are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility has been established. The Company considers technological feasibility to be established when all planning, designing, coding and testing has been completed according to design specifications. After technological feasibility is established, any additional costs are capitalized. Through December 31, 2016, technological feasibility of the Company’s software had not been established; and, accordingly, no costs have been capitalized to date.


	 



	Derivative Financial Instruments



	 


	The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date.


	 



	Stock-Based Compensation



	 


	The Company periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided by FASB where the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB where the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest, they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee, option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.


	 


	The fair value of the Company's stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model, which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the stock options or warrants, and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model, and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods.


	 



	Recent Accounting Pronouncements



	 


	See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statement for management’s discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.




	 






	Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk




	 


	Not Applicable.


	 






	 




	17







	 






	Table of Contents







	 






	Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data




	 






	VNUE, Inc.


	December 31, 2016



	 






	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm





	 




	F–1




	 







	Consolidated Balance Sheets





	 




	F–2




	 







	Consolidated Statements of Operations





	 




	F–3




	 







	Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit





	 




	F–4




	 







	Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows





	 




	F–5




	 







	Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements





	 




	F–6




	 











	 




	18







	 




	 




	 







	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM





	 


	To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of


	VNUE, Inc. and Subsidiaries


	 


	We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of VNUE, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


	 


	We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


	 


	In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


	 


	The consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company incurred a net loss and utilized cash flows in operations, and at December 31, 2016, had a stockholders' deficit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 




	/s/ Weinberg and Company, P.A.                




	Los Angeles, California


	April 14, 2017





	 




	F-1







	 






	Table of Contents







	  









	VNUE INC.









	CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS







	 




	 





	December 31,




	2016





	 




	 





	December 31,




	2015





	 







	Assets





	 







	Current assets:





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash




	 



	$


	17,952



	 




	 



	$


	7,788



	 






	Prepaid expenses




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	37,500



	 







	Total assets





	 



	$


	17,952



	 




	 



	$


	45,288



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Liabilities and Stockholders’ Deficit





	 







	Current liabilities:





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Accounts payable and accrued expenses




	 



	$


	391,952



	 




	 



	$


	231,968



	 






	Accrued payroll (including $312,710 and $53,375 payable to officers)




	 




	 



	703,138



	 




	 




	 



	132,953



	 






	Advances from stockholder




	 




	 



	14,720



	 




	 




	 



	14,720



	 






	Note payable to officer




	 




	 



	74,131



	 




	 




	 



	54,643



	 






	Notes payable




	 




	 



	34,000



	 




	 




	 



	59,000



	 






	Convertible notes payable, net




	 




	 



	121,865



	 




	 




	 



	11,441



	 






	Convertible notes payable, related parties, net




	 




	 



	22,101



	 




	 




	 



	13,003



	 






	Derivative liabilities




	 




	 



	508,107



	 




	 




	 



	249,246



	 







	Total current liabilities





	 




	 



	1,870,014



	 




	 




	 



	766,974



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Commitments and contingencies





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Stockholders’ Deficit:





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Preferred stock, $.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; none issued




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Common stock, $.0001 par value; 750,000,000 shares authorized; 644,879,708 and 640,913,164 shares issued and outstanding, respectively




	 




	 



	64,488



	 




	 




	 



	64,091



	 






	Additional paid-in capital




	 




	 



	4,370,318



	 




	 




	 



	3,736,177



	 






	Common stock to be issued, 46,743,522 shares and 2,608,334 shares, respectively




	 




	 



	903,570



	 




	 




	 



	132,057



	 






	Accumulated deficit




	 




	 



	(7,190,438


	)



	 




	 



	(4,654,011


	)






	Total Stockholders’ Deficit





	 




	 



	(1,852,062


	)



	 




	 



	(721,686


	)






	Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Deficit





	 



	$


	17,952



	 




	 



	$


	45,288



	 






	 



	See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.



	 





	 




	F-2







	 






	Table of Contents






	 











	VNUE, INC.









	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




	YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015







	 




	 






	 






	 




	 





	Years Ended December 31,





	 






	 




	 





	2016





	 




	 





	2015





	 






	Operating expenses:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Software development




	 



	$


	1,108,978



	 




	 



	$


	550,262



	 






	General and administrative




	 




	 



	1,203,880



	 




	 




	 



	2,323,578



	 






	Acquisition related costs




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	906,462



	 






	Impairment of intangibles




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	265,500



	 






	Total operating expenses




	 




	 



	2,312,858



	 




	 




	 



	4,045,802



	 






	Loss from operations




	 




	 



	(2,312,858


	)



	 




	 



	(4,045,802


	)





	Other income (expense):




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Change in fair value of derivative liability




	 




	 



	169,786



	 




	 




	 



	(83,156


	)





	Gain on extinguishment of derivative liability




	 




	 



	21,308



	 




	 




	 



	49,658



	 






	Sale of trademark




	 




	 



	30,000



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Settlement of claims




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	77,000



	 






	Financing costs




	 




	 



	(444,663


	)



	 




	 



	(110,963


	)





	Other income (expense), net




	 




	 



	(223,569


	)



	 




	 



	(221,461


	)





	Net loss




	 



	$


	(2,536,427


	)



	 



	$


	(4,267,263


	)





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Earnings per share




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic and diluted




	 



	$


	(0.00


	)



	 



	$


	(0.01


	)





	Weighted average common shares outstanding




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic and diluted




	 




	 



	679,962,577



	 




	 




	 



	542,382,209



	 







	 



	See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.



	 






	 




	F-3







	 






	Table of Contents








	 






	VNUE, INC.





	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT




	YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015



	 





	 




	 





	Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001






	 






	 






	Common Stock, par value $0.0001






	 






	 






	Additional


	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	Total 


	 






	 








	 






	 






	Number of Shares






	 






	 






	Amount






	 






	 






	Number of Shares






	 






	 






	Amount






	 






	 






	Paid-In




	Capital






	 






	 






	Shares to be Issued






	 






	 






	Accumulated Deficit






	 






	 






	Stockholders’ Deficit





	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2014




	 




	 



	6,709,775



	 




	 



	$


	671



	 




	 




	 



	402,483,881



	 




	 



	$


	40,248



	 




	 



	$


	263,081



	 




	 



	$


	-



	 




	 



	$


	(386,748


	)



	 



	$


	(82,748


	)





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued for cash




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	37,501,250



	 




	 




	 



	3,750



	 




	 




	 



	942,569



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	946,319



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued for services to related parties




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	46,048,116



	 




	 




	 



	4,604



	 




	 




	 



	1,395,423



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	1,400,027



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued for services




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	9,875,001



	 




	 




	 



	988



	 




	 




	 



	217,345



	 




	 




	 



	132,057



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	350,390



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Common shares issued for conversion of preferred shares as part of reverse merger




	 




	 



	(6,709,775


	)



	 




	 



	(671


	)



	 




	 



	6,709,775



	 




	 




	 



	671



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued upon reverse acquisition




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	126,866,348



	 




	 




	 



	12,687



	 




	 




	 



	(12,523


	)



	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	164



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued for acquisition related costs




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	29,814,384



	 




	 




	 



	2,981



	 




	 




	 



	903,483



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	906,462



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued per settlement agreement reached




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	3,500,000



	 




	 




	 



	350



	 




	 




	 



	76,650



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	77,000



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Return of shares in exchange for advances




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	(21,885,591


	)



	 




	 



	(2,188


	)



	 




	 



	(49,849


	)



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	(52,037


	)





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	(4,267,263


	)



	 




	 



	(4,267,263


	)





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	640,913,164



	 




	 




	 



	64,091



	 




	 




	 



	3,736,177



	 




	 




	 



	132,057



	 




	 




	 



	(4,654,011


	)



	 




	 



	(721,686


	)





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued for cash




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	478,469



	 




	 




	 



	48



	 




	 




	 



	4,952



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	5,000



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued for services




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	730,513



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	730,513



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fair value of shares transferred by officers for financing costs




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	118,000



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	118,000



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fair value of shares issued for financing costs




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	41,000



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	41,000



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fair value of shares transferred for compensation from majority shareholder




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	491,153



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	491,153



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shares issued for conversion of debt




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	3,488,075



	 




	 




	 



	349



	 




	 




	 



	20,036



	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	20,385



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	(2,536,427


	)



	 




	 



	(2,536,427


	)





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2016




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 



	$


	-



	 




	 




	 



	644,879,708



	 




	 



	$


	64,488



	 




	 



	$


	4,370,318



	 




	 



	$


	903,570



	 




	 



	$


	(7,190,438


	)



	 



	$


	(1,852,062


	)





	 



	See


	accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.



	 






	 




	F-4







	 






	Table of Contents






	 









	VNUE, INC.









	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




	YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015







	 




	 





	Years Ended December 31,





	 






	 




	 





	2016





	 




	 





	2015





	 







	Cash flows from operating activities:





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 



	$


	(2,536,427


	)



	 



	$


	(4,267,263


	)





	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Amortization




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	70,800



	 






	Impairment of intangible assets




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	265,500



	 






	Change in fair value of derivative liabilities




	 




	 



	(169,786


	)



	 




	 



	83,156



	 






	Derivative value in excess of convertible notes




	 




	 



	100,286



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Note issued for financing costs




	 




	 



	25,000



	 




	 




	 



	50,000



	 






	Note issued for services




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	9,000



	 






	Gain on extinguishment of debt




	 




	 



	(21,308


	)



	 




	 



	(49,658


	)





	Amortization of debt discount




	 




	 



	135,692



	 




	 




	 



	54,778



	 






	Shares to be issued for financing costs




	 




	 



	41,000



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Shares to be issued for services




	 




	 



	730,513



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Shares transferred for financing costs




	 




	 



	118,000



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Shares transferred for compensation




	 




	 



	491,153



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Shares issued for acquisition related costs




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	906,462



	 






	Shares issued for services




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	1,750,582



	 






	Shares issued for settlement agreement




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	77,000



	 






	Changes in operating assets and liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Prepaid expenses




	 




	 



	37,500



	 




	 




	 



	(37,500


	)





	Accounts payable and accrued expenses




	 




	 



	163,868



	 




	 




	 



	125,025



	 






	Accrued payroll




	 




	 



	570,185



	 




	 




	 



	132,957



	 







	Net cash used in operating activities





	 




	 



	(314,324


	)



	 




	 



	(828,167


	)






	Cash flows from investing activities:





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Advances to related party




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	(52,037


	)






	Net cash used in investing activities





	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	(52,037


	)






	Cash flows from financing activities:





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Advances from (repayment to) stockholders, net




	 




	 



	19,488



	 




	 




	 



	(17,373


	)





	Repayment of convertible notes payable




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	(41,000


	)





	Proceed from issuance of convertible notes payable




	 




	 



	300,000



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Shares issued for proceeds from sale of common shares




	 




	 



	5,000



	 




	 




	 



	946,319



	 







	Net cash provided by financing activities





	 




	 



	324,488



	 




	 




	 



	887,946



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net Change in Cash




	 




	 



	10,164



	 




	 




	 



	7,742



	 






	Cash - beginning of the reporting period




	 




	 



	7,788



	 




	 




	 



	46



	 






	Cash – end of the reporting period




	 



	$


	17,952



	 




	 



	$


	7,788



	 






	Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash paid for:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Income taxes




	 



	$


	-



	 




	 



	$


	-



	 






	Interest




	 



	$


	-



	 




	 



	$


	-



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Non-cash Financing and Investing Activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Common shares issued upon conversion of notes payable and accrued interest




	 



	$


	20,385



	 




	 



	$


	-



	 






	Conversion of preferred shares to common shares upon reverse merger




	 



	$


	-



	 




	 



	$


	671



	 






	Note payable converted to convertible note




	 



	$


	50,000



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Fair value of derivative created upon issuance of convertible debt recorded as debt discount




	 



	$


	350,000



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	Return of common shares for the forgiveness of advances to related party




	 



	$


	-



	 




	 



	$


	52,037



	 






	 



	See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.








	 




	F-5







	 






	Table of Contents






	 




	VNUE, Inc.





	Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015






	Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



	 



	Note 1 – Organization and Basis of Presentation



	 




	History and Organization




	 


	VNUE, Inc. (formerly Tierra Grande Resources, Inc.) ("VNUE", "TGRI", or the "Company") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 4, 2006. TGRI engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties and was inactive prior to the reverse acquisition described below.


	 


	VNUE LLC ("VNUE LLC" or “Predecessor”) was a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 1, 2013 which began operations in January 2014. On December 3, 2014, VNUE LLC filed a certificate of merger and merged into VNUE Washington with VNUE Washington as the surviving corporation. On May 29, 2015, VNUE, Inc. entered into a merger agreement with VNUE Washington, Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all of the outstanding shares of any class or series of VNUE Washington were exchanged for an aggregate of 507,629,872 shares of TGRI common stock as follows: (i) all shares of VNUE Washington stock of any class or series issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were exchanged for an aggregate of 477,815,488 fully paid and non-assessable shares of TGRI common stock; and (ii) 29,814,384 shares of TGRI common stock were issued to an attorney as payment for legal services performed prior to and in connection with the Merger. As a result of the Merger, VNUE Washington became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with the former stockholders of VNUE Washington collectively owning shares of the Company's common stock representing approximately 79.0% of the voting power of the Company's outstanding capital stock. On May 29, 2015 the Company changed its name to VNUE, Inc.


	 


	As the former owners and management of VNUE Washington had voting and operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction has been accounted for as a reverse merger with VNUE Washington deemed the acquiring company for accounting purposes, and the Company deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results of VNUE Washington prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital amounts of the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the Merger, with 126,866,348 shares of common stock outstanding before the reverse merger reflected in the accompanying financial statements as shares issued upon the reverse merger. The fair value of $906,462 of the 29,814,384 shares issued to the attorney was recorded as an acquisition related cost at the date of the merger.


	 


	The Company is developing a technology driven solution for Artists, Venues and Festivals to automate the capturing, publishing and monetization of their content.


	 




	Going Concern




	 


	The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the consolidated financial statements, the Company had a stockholders’ deficit of $1,852,062 at December 31, 2016, and incurred a net loss of $2,536,427, and used net cash in operating activities of $314,324 for the reporting period then ended. Certain of the Company’s notes payable are also past due and in default. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.


	 


	Management estimates that the current funds on hand along with the funds received after year end as well as from additional sources will be sufficient to continue operations through December 2017. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company’s ability to execute its strategy and in its ability to raise additional funds. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of equity securities and convertible notes for cash to operate our business. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stock holders, in case or equity financing.


	 






	 




	F-6







	 






	Table of Contents






	 





	Note 2 – Significant and Critical Accounting Policies and Practices



	 




	Principles of Consolidation




	 


	The Company consolidates all wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries in which the Company’s power to control exists. The Company consolidates the following subsidiaries and/or entities:


	 






	Name of consolidated subsidiary or


	Entity





	 





	State or other jurisdiction of




	incorporation or organization





	 





	Date of incorporation or formation




	(date of acquisition/disposition, if


	applicable)





	 





	Attributable




	interest



























	VNUE Inc. (formerly TGRI)




	 




	The State of Nevada




	 




	April 4, 2006 (May 29, 2015)




	 




	100




	%
























	VNUE Inc. (VNUE Washington)




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	100




	%
























	VNUE LLC




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	August 1, 2013 (December 3, 2014)




	 




	100




	%
























	VNUE Technology Inc.




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	90




	%
























	VNUE Media Inc.




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	89




	%






	 


	VNUE Technology, Inc. and VNUE Media, Inc. were inactive corporations at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated.


	 




	Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions




	 


	The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the assumptions used to value the derivative liabilities, the valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset and the accruals for potential liabilities.


	 




	Internal Software Development Costs






	 


	Development costs incurred in the research and development of new software products and enhancements to existing software products are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility has been established. The Company considers technological feasibility to be established when all planning, designing, coding and testing has been completed according to design specifications. After technological feasibility is established, any additional costs are capitalized. Through December 31, 2016, technological feasibility of the Company’s software had not been established; and, accordingly, no costs have been capitalized to date.


	 




	Fair Value of Financial Instruments




	 


	The Company follows the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. The FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The three levels of fair value hierarchy are described below.


	 






	 




	F-7







	 






	Table of Contents






	  





	Level 1




	Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.






	 




	 






	Level 2




	Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable reporting date as of the end of the period.






	 




	 






	Level 3




	Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.





	 


	Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.


	 


	The carrying amounts of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities, including cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other current liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.


	 


	The fair value of the derivative liabilities of $508,107 and $249,246 at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were valued using Level 2 inputs.


	 



	Derivative Financial Instruments



	 


	The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date.


	 




	Carrying Value, Recoverability and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets




	 


	An impairment loss will be recognized only if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset (asset group). That assessment is based on the carrying amount of the asset (asset group) at the date it is tested for recoverability. An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) exceeds its fair value. If an impairment loss is recognized, the adjusted carrying amount of a long-lived asset will be its new cost basis. For a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining useful life of that asset. Restoring a previously recognized impairment loss is prohibited.


	 


	The Company’s long-lived asset (asset group) is tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company tests its long-lived assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of such events. The long lived asset was determined to be impaired at December 31, 2015 and a loss of $265,500 was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2015.


	 




	Concentrations of Credit Risk




	 


	Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist of cash and cash equivalents. The Company places its cash with high quality financial institutions and at times may exceed the FDIC $250,000 insurance limit. The Company does not anticipate incurring any losses related to these credit risks. The Company extends credit based on an evaluation of the customer's financial condition, generally without collateral. Exposure to losses on receivables is principally dependent on each customer's financial condition. The Company monitors its exposure for credit losses and intends to maintain allowances for anticipated losses, as required.


	 






	 




	F-8







	 






	Table of Contents






	 



	Loss per Common Share



	 


	Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued, using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded from the computation as their effect is antidilutive.


	 


	For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an anti-dilutive effect. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, we excluded the outstanding securities summarized below, which entitle the holders thereof to acquire shares of common stock, from our calculation of earnings per share, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.


	 





	 




	 





	December 31,





	 






	 




	 





	2016





	 




	 





	2015





	 






	Convertible Notes Payable




	 




	 



	136,462,906



	 




	 




	 



	4,700,603



	 





	 




	Stock-Based Compensation




	 


	The Company periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided by FASB where the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB where the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest, they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee, option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.


	 


	The fair value of the Company's stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model, which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the stock options or warrants, and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model, and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods.


	 




	Income Taxes




	 


	The Company follows the asset and liability method which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.


	 






	 




	F-9







	 






	Table of Contents






	  


	The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.


	 


	Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management’s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. The Company’s tax years 2012 to 2016 remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.


	 


	Pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ("Section 382"), certain ownership changes may subject the NOL’s to annual limitations which could reduce or defer the NOL. Section 382 imposes limitations on a corporation’s ability to utilize NOLs if it experiences an "ownership change." In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. In the event of an ownership change, utilization of the NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of its stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later years. The imposition of this limitation on its ability to use the NOLs to offset future taxable income could cause the Company to pay U.S. federal income taxes earlier than if such limitation were not in effect and could cause such NOLs to expire unused, reducing or eliminating the benefit of such NOLs.


	 




	Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements




	 


	In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,

	Revenue from Contracts with Customers

	. ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also will require additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only in annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein. Entities will be able to transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company will adopt the provisions of this statement in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.


	 


	In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,

	Leases

	. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


	 


	In March 2016, the FASB issued the ASU 2016-09,

	Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718)

	: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The amendments in this ASU require, among other things, that all income tax effects of awards be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. The ASU also allows for an employer to repurchase more of an employee's shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


	 


	Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future consolidated financial statements.


	 




	Reclassifications




	 


	Accrued salaries of $79,578, previously classified as accounts payable at December 31, 2015, has been reclassified to conform to 2016 presentation.


	 






	 




	F-10







	 






	Table of Contents






	 



	Note 3 – Related Party Transactions



	 




	Note payable to President, CEO and Significant Stockholder




	 


	On December 31, 2014 the Company entered into a note payable agreement with its President, CEO and significant stockholder of the Company. The note is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the note payable to the officer was $74,131 and $54,643, respectively.


	 




	Advances from Employees




	 


	From time to time, employees of the Company advance funds to the Company for working capital purposes. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the advances from the employees were $14,720 and $14,720, respectively.


	 




	Convertible Notes Payable to the Officers and Directors




	 


	The Company issued non-interest bearing convertible notes to certain Officers and Directors of the Company for working capital purpose. The notes are convertible at variable prices and payable on demand at any time after the earlier of (i) 36 months following the note issuance or (ii) the consummation of a corporate transaction if not previously converted. See further discussion in Note 5.


	 




	Transactions with Louis Mann




	 


	During 2015, the Company advanced $52,037 to Broadcast Institute of Maryland (“BIM”) in anticipation of a planned collaboration. Louis Mann (“MANN”), an officer and director of the Company at the time, was also the owner of BIM. On August 26, 2015 Mann resigned from his officer and director positions with the Company, and entered into a share transfer agreement with the Company, whereby Mann returned 21,885,591 common shares to the Company in exchange for the advances to BIM. The Company has accounted for this transaction as the purchase of treasury stock which was then cancelled.


	 


	Subsequent to his termination, on August 26, 2015, the Company entered into an Advisory Agreement with MANN. Such Advisory Agreement provided for MANN’s continued and ongoing advisory services to the Company until December 31, 2015 and MANN was to be paid $25,000 for providing such Advisory Services, which was due and payable on or before December 31, 2015. Such amount is included in accrued expenses at December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 





	Note 4 – Notes Payable



	 


	Notes payable as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consist of the following


	 





	 




	 




	 





	As of





	 






	 




	 




	 





	December 31,





	 




	 





	December 31,





	 






	 




	 




	 





	2016





	 




	 





	2015





	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 





	Individual



	(a)




	 



	$


	9,000



	 




	 



	$


	9,000



	 





	Tarpon     



	(b)




	 




	 



	25,000



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 





	Tarpon     



	(c)




	 




	 



	-



	 




	 




	 



	50,000



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Total




	 




	 



	$


	34,000



	 




	 



	$


	59,000



	 





	________________ 







	(a)


	On December 17, 2015, the Company issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of $9,000. The note is due within 10 business days of the Company receiving a notice of effectiveness of its Form S-1 filed on February 22, 2016. Failure to make payment during that 10 business day period shall constitute an Event of Default, as a result of which the note will become immediately due and payable and the balance will bear interest at 7%. The Company’s Form S-1 was declared effective on March 8, 2016 and payment was due before March 22, 2016. The Company did not repay the note before March 22, 2016; therefore, the note is in default with an interest rate of 7%.





	 




	 





	(b)


	On February 18, 2016, as a condition for the execution of an Equity Purchase Agreement with Tarpon (See Note 7), the Company issued a Promissory Note to Tarpon in the principal amount of $25,000 with an interest rate at 10% per annum and a maturity date of August 31, 2016. The note was recorded as financing cost upon issuance.





	 




	 





	(c)


	On June 15, 2015, the Company entered into a Financing Cost Note of $50,000 with Tarpon as part of the Equity Purchase Agreement entered into with Tarpon on June 15, 2015. The note earns interest at 10% and is due on December 31, 2015. During 2016 the terms of the note were amended and this note was converted to a convertible note. See Note 5.




	 







	 





	F-11







	 






	Table of Contents






	 





	Note 5 – Convertible Notes Payable



	 


	Convertible notes payable consist of the following:


	 





	 




	 




	 





	As of





	 






	 




	 




	 





	December 31,





	 




	 





	December 31,





	 






	 




	 




	 





	2016





	 




	 





	2015





	 





	Various Convertible Notes



	(a)




	 



	$


	55,000



	 




	 



	$


	55,000



	 





	Tarpon Convertible Note



	(b)




	 




	 



	33,500



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 





	Ylimit, LLC



	(c)




	 




	 



	300,000



	 




	 




	 



	-



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Total Convertible Notes




	 




	 




	 



	388,500



	 




	 




	 



	55,000



	 






	Discount




	 




	 




	 



	(244,534


	)



	 




	 



	(30,556


	)





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Convertible notes, net




	 




	 



	$


	143,966



	 




	 



	$


	24,444



	 





	___________







	(a)


	The Company has issued a series of convertible notes with various interest rates ranging up to 10% per annum. The Note Conversion Price is determined as follows: (a) if the Note is converted upon the Next Equity Financing, an amount equal to 80% of the price paid per share paid by the investors in the Next Equity Financing; (b) if the Note is converted in the event of a Corporate Transaction, a price per share derived by dividing a “pre-money” valuation of $8,000,000 by the number of shares outstanding immediately prior to the time of such conversion, on a fully diluted basis; or (c) if the Note is converted as part of a Maturity Conversion, a price per unit derived by dividing a “pre-money” valuation of $8,000,000 by the total number of units (restricted and non-restricted) outstanding immediately prior to the time of such conversion, on a fully diluted basis. The notes are due and payable on demand at any time after the earlier of (i) 36 months following the note issuance or (ii) the consummation of a corporate transaction if not previously converted. The balance of the notes outstanding was $55,000 as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, of which $30,000 was due to related parties.





	 




	 





	(b)


	On June 15, 2015, as a condition for the execution of an Equity Purchase Agreement with Tarpon (See Note 10), the Company issued a Promissory Note to Tarpon in the principal amount of $50,000 with an interest rate at 10% per annum and a maturity date of December 31, 2015. The note was recorded as financing cost upon issuance. On February 26, 2016, the Company and Tarpon entered into an amendment to the Promissory Note. The amendment added a conversion feature to the Note so that the Note and all accrued interest are convertible into shares of the Company’s common stock at a conversion price equal to 80% of the lowest closing bid price of the common stock for the 30 trading days preceding the conversion date, and the maturity date was extended to December 31, 2016. During 2016, Tarpon converted aggregate principal and interest of $20,385 into 3,488,075 shares of the Company’s common stock.




	 






	 




	F-12







	 






	Table of Contents






	 








	(c)


	On May 9, 2016 the Company issued a convertible note in the principal amount of $100,000 with interest at 10% per annum and due on May 9, 2018. The Note Conversion Price is determined as follows: if the Company receives equity funding of $1 million or more, then the Lender may choose to either convert the Note into shares of the Company’s common stock or request repayment of the principal and interest on the Note. If the Lender chooses to convert the Note, then the Lender shall receive the number of shares equal to the dollar amount of principal and interest owed by the Company as of the date of the conversion divided by 85% of the per share stock price in the equity funding. If the Company borrows additional amounts above the initial $100,000, then the Lender shall receive the number of shares equal to the dollar amount of principal and interest of those additional borrowings owed by the Company as of the date of the conversion divided by 75% of the per share stock price in the equity funding. On July 18, 2016, August 10, 2016 and September 30, 2016, the note was amended to authorize additional borrowings of $50,000 on each of the dates listed with the terms remaining the same except as noted above. The Note is secured by the Company’s rights, titles and interests in all the Company’s tangible and intangible assets, including intellectual property and proprietary software whether existing now or created in the future. The Company also granted the note holder 10,000,000 shares of common stock, valued at $41,000, as additional consideration and recorded such shares as shares to be issued for the period ended December 31, 2016. Further consideration for amounts borrowed after the initial $100,000 was the transfer of the ownership of an aggregate of 35,000,000 common shares from two officers to the lender valued at $108,000 which has been recorded as financing costs in the period ended December 31, 2016. On November 30, 2016 and December 16, 2016, the Company received additional borrowings of $30,000 and $20,000, respectively. Further consideration for these amounts borrowed was the transfer of the ownership of an aggregate of 5,000,000 common shares from one officer to the lender valued at $10,000 which has been recorded as financing costs in the period ended December 31, 2016. The note was subsequently amended to reflect these additional borrowing on March 8, 2017, with the terms remaining the same.



	  

	The Company considered the current FASB guidance of “Contracts in Entity’s Own Stock” which indicates that any adjustment to the fixed amount (either conversion price or number of shares) of the instrument regardless of the probability of whether or not within the issuers’ control means the instrument is not indexed to the issuer’s own stock. Accordingly, the Company determined that the conversion prices of the Notes were not a fixed amount because they were subject to an adjustment based on the occurrence of future offerings or events. As a result, the Company determined that the conversion features of the Notes were not considered indexed to the Company’s own stock and characterized the fair value of the conversion features as derivative liabilities upon issuance. The Company determined that upon issuance of the Notes, the initial fair value of the embedded conversion feature was recorded as debt discount offsetting the fair value of the Notes and the remainder recorded as financing costs in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The discount is being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the life of the debt instruments.


	 


	As of December 31, 2015, the unamortized discount was $30,556. During the period ended December 31, 2016, the Company amended the $50,000 Tarpon note to add a conversion feature which the Company determined created a derivative liability upon issuance with a fair value of $64,976, of which $50,000 was recorded as a valuation discount, and the remaining $14,976 was recorded as a financing cost. The Company also issued $300,000 of convertible notes during 2016 and created a derivative liability upon issuance with a fair value of $367,852, of which $300,000 was recorded as a valuation discount, and the remaining $67,852 was recorded as a financing cost. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2016, amortization of debt discount was $119,522. In addition $16,500 of discount was recorded as interest expense upon conversion of the notes. The unamortized balance of the debt discount was $244,534 as of December 31, 2016.


	 


	For the purposes of Balance Sheet presentation, convertible notes payable have been presented as follows:


	 







	 




	 





	December 31,




	2016





	 




	 





	December 31,




	2015





	 






	Convertible notes payable, net




	 



	$


	121,865



	 




	 



	$


	11,441



	 






	Convertible notes payable, related party, net




	 




	 



	22,101



	 




	 




	 



	13,003



	 






	Total




	 



	$


	143,966



	 




	 



	$


	24,444



	 






	 






	 




	F-13







	 






	Table of Contents






	 



	Note 6 – Derivative Liability



	 


	The FASB has issued authoritative guidance whereby instruments which do not have fixed settlement provisions are deemed to be derivative instruments. The conversion prices of the Notes described in Note 5 were not a fixed amount because they were subject to an adjustment based on the occurrence of future offerings or events. Since the number of shares is not explicitly limited, the Company is unable to conclude that enough authorized and unissued shares are available to settle the conversion option. In accordance with the FASB authoritative guidance, the conversion features have been characterized as derivative liabilities to be re-measured at the end of every reporting period with the change in value reported in the statement of operations.



	﻿



	As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the derivative liabilities were valued using a probability weighted average Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model with the following assumptions:




	 








	 




	 





	December 31,




	2016





	 




	 





	Issued During




	2016 





	 




	 





	December 31,




	2015





	 






	Exercise Price




	 



	$



	0.0013–0.0116




	 




	 



	$



	0.0020–0.0039




	 




	 



	$



	0.0124–0.0282




	 






	Stock Price




	 



	$


	0.0044



	 




	 



	$



	0.0015-0.0037




	 




	 



	$


	0.065



	 






	Risk-free interest rate




	 




	0.59 – 0.85




	 




	 




	0.68 – 0.80




	 




	 




	 



	0.85


	%





	Expected volatility




	 




	 



	243


	%



	 




	188% - 243




	 




	 




	 



	188


	%





	Expected life (in years)




	 




	0.583 – 1.833




	 




	 




	1.375 – 1.833




	 




	 




	 



	1.67



	 






	Expected dividend yield




	 




	 



	0


	%



	 




	 



	0


	%



	 




	 



	0


	%





	Fair Value:




	 



	$


	508,499



	 




	 



	$


	432,828



	 




	 



	$


	249,246



	 




	 



	The risk-free interest rate was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses the historical volatility of its common stock to estimate the future volatility for its common stock. The expected life of the conversion feature of the notes was based on the remaining term of the notes, or an estimate of until such notes would be converted. The expected dividend yield was based on the fact that the Company has not customarily paid dividends in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future.


	 


	During the twelve months ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized $169,786 as other income, compared to $83,156 as other expense during the twelve months ended December 31, 2015, which represented the change in the value of the derivative from the respective prior period. In addition, the Company recognized derivative liabilities of $432,828 upon issuance of convertible notes during the period and a gain of $21,308 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 which represented the extinguishment of derivative liabilities related to conversion of notes to common stock.




	 



	Note 7 – Stockholders’ Deficit



	 




	Common stock issued for cash




	 


	On February 26, 2016, the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement with an individual pursuant to which it agreed to issue 478,469 shares of the Company’s common stock in exchange for proceeds of $5,000. Per the terms of the stock purchase agreement, the number of shares issued was determined as 95% of the lowest closing price of the Company's common stock during the 30 trading days prior to the closing date of the common stock purchase agreement, or $0.01045 per common share.


	 


	During 2015, and prior to the reverse merger on May 18, 2015, the Company sold 22,572,344 shares of its common stock for aggregate proceeds of $686,320. Subsequent to the reverse merger, the Company sold 14,928,938 shares of its common stock for aggregate proceeds of $260,000.


	 






	 




	F-14







	 






	Table of Contents






	  




	Shares issued for services




	 


	During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 46,048,116 shares of its common stock to certain founders of the Company for services rendered valued at $1,400,027 based upon the most recent per share cash sales price of its common stock, and recorded this amount as acquisition-related costs.


	 


	During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 9,875,001 shares of its common stock to certain consultants for investor relations and software development services valued at $218,333, based upon the most recent per share cash sales price of its common stock,


	 


	Upon consummation of the Merger Agreement on May 29, 2015, the Company issued 29,814,384 fully paid and non-assessable shares of TGRI common stock to Matheau J. W. Stout, Esq. as payment for services performed prior to and in connection with the Merger. The Company valued the 29,814,384 shares at $906,462 based upon the most recent per share cash sales price of its common stock, and recorded this amount as acquisition-related costs.


	 




	Shares to be issued




	 


	On January 2, 2016, the Company entered into an employment agreement with an officer pursuant to which it granted 10,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. The shares vested immediately and were recognized as stock based compensation expense during the period ended December 31, 2016 based on their fair value on the agreement date of $650,000. The shares due were not issued as of December 31, 2016 and were reflected as common shares to be issued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.


	 


	During 2015, the Company entered into a consulting agreement which included, among other things, monthly compensation of 791,667 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2015, 1,583,334 shares of common stock with a value of $86,291 were earned but were not issued, and were included in common shares to be issued in the accompanying December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet. During the period ended December 31, 2016, the consultant earned 5,541,669 shares with a value of $46,970. As of December 31, 2016, 7,125,003 shares of common stock with a value of $133,261 have not been issued and are included in common shares to be issued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet


	 


	On September 10, 2015, the Company entered into a one-year consulting agreement with a consultant, which included, among other things, compensation of $50,000 to be paid in shares of common stock based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the final trading day of the consulting agreement. As of December 31, 2015, $16,667 of common shares were earned but were not issued, and were included in common shares to be issued in the accompanying December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet. During the period ended December 31, 2016 the Company recognized $33,333 of compensation for the value of the shares. As of December 31, 2016, $50,000 of the value of the shares of common stock has been included in common shares to be issued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Total shares to be issued at the end of the contract was 19,230,768.


	 




	Equity Purchase Agreement with Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC




	 


	On June 15, 2015, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the “Equity Purchase Agreement”) with Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Tarpon”). Under the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement, Tarpon was to purchase, at the Company’s election, up to $5,000,000 of the Company’s registered common stock (the “Shares”). On February 18, 2016, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the “Equity Purchase Agreement”) with Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Tarpon”). Under the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement, Tarpon will purchase, at the Company’s election, up to $10,000,000 of the Company’s registered common stock (the “Shares”). The February 18, 2016 Purchase Agreement for $10,000,000 effectively supersedes and terminates the prior Equity Purchase Agreement with Tarpon dated June 15, 2015, which was for $5,000,000.


	 


	During the term of the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company may at any time deliver a “put notice” to Tarpon thereby requiring Tarpon to purchase a certain dollar amount of the Shares. Simultaneous with the delivery of such Shares, Tarpon shall deliver payment for the Shares. Subject to certain restrictions, the purchase price for the Shares shall be equal to 125% of the lowest Closing Price during the Valuation Period as such capitalized terms are defined in the Agreement.


	 






	 




	F-15







	 






	Table of Contents






	  


	The number of Shares sold to Tarpon shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of common stock of the Company then beneficially owned by Tarpon, would result in Tarpon owning more than 9.99% of all of the Company’s common stock then outstanding. Additionally, Tarpon may not execute any short sales of the Company’s common stock. Further, the Company has the right, but never the obligation to draw down.


	 


	The Equity Purchase Agreement shall terminate (i) on the date on which Tarpon shall have purchased Shares pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement for an aggregate Purchase Price of $10,000,000, or (ii) on the date occurring 24 months from the date on which the Equity Purchase Agreement was executed and delivered by the Company and Tarpon.


	 


	As a condition for the execution of the Equity Purchase Agreements by Tarpon, the Company issued Promissory Notes to Tarpon on June 15, 2015 and February 18, 2016 in the principal amounts of $50,000 and $25,000 with interest rates of 10% per annum. The maturity date of the note issued on June 15, 2015 was December 31, 2015 which was extended to December 31, 2016 as part of the note amendment on February 26, 2016. The maturity date of the note issued on February 18, 2016 is August 31, 2016. The issuance of the notes was recorded as a finance cost in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the periods ending December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 


	In addition, on February 18 2016, the Company and Tarpon entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the “Registration Agreement”). Under the terms of the Registration Agreement the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the Shares within 120 days of February 18, 2016. The Company is obligated to keep such registration statement effective until (i) three months after the last closing of a sale of Shares under the Purchase Agreement, (ii) the date when Tarpon may sell all the Shares under Rule 144 without volume limitations, or (iii) the date Tarpon no longer owns any of the Shares.


	 


	At December 31, 2016, Tarpon had not purchased any shares under this agreement.


	 




	Ylimit, LLC




	 


	On May 9, 2016 the Company issued a convertible note in the principal amount of $100,000 with interest at 10% per annum and due on May 9, 2018. Further consideration was the granting of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, valued at $41,000. On July 18, 2016 the Company obtained an increase of principal on the note to $150,000, on August 10, 2016, the Company obtained an additional increase of principal on the note to $200,000, and on September 30, 2016 the Company obtained an further increase of principal on the note to $250,000. Further consideration for the increases in principal was the transfer of the ownership of an aggregate of 35,000,000 common shares from two officers to the lender valued at $108,000 which has been expensed as financing costs in the period ended December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016 the 10,000,000 shares related to the May 2016 borrowing have not been issued and are recorded as shares to be issued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On November 30, 2016 and December 16, 2016, the Company received additional borrowings of $30,000 and $20,000, respectively. Further consideration for these amounts borrowed was the transfer of the ownership of an aggregate of 5,000,000 common shares from one officer to the lender valued at $10,000 which has been recorded as financing costs in the period ended December 31, 2016. The note was subsequently amended to reflect these additional borrowing on March 8, 2017, with the terms remaining the same.


	 




	Change of Control – Transfer of Ownership




	 


	On May 12, 2016, as part of the appointment of the Company’s new Chief Executive Officer, the Company’s controlling shareholder transferred the ownership of half of his shares to the new Chief Executive Officer. The Company considered the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) Topic 5T,

	Accounting for Expenses or Liabilities Paid by Principal Stockholders

	, and determined that the value of the shares was additional compensation cost and a contribution to capital by the controlling shareholder. As such, the Company recorded a charge of $491,153 during the year ended December 31, 2016 relating to the fair market value of the shares on the date of the share transfer.


	 






	 




	F-16







	 






	Table of Contents






	  




	Settlement and Release Agreement – Dean Graziano




	 


	On July 23, 2015, the Company reached a Settlement and Release Agreement with Dean Graziano (“GRAZIANO”) after learning that GRAZIANO might assert claims for equity or compensation against the Company or its subsidiary VNUE Washington and that such claims were not contained in the transaction documents surrounding the purchase of the intangible assets of Lively, LLC (“LIVELY”) closed on July 23, 2014. Under the terms of the settlement, GRAZIANO agreed to resolve any and all claims, damages, causes of action, suits and costs, of whatever nature, character or description, whether known or unknown, anticipated or unanticipated, whether or not directly or indirectly related to the purchase of the LIVELY assets, or to any alleged verbal understandings of promises of employment, advisory roles, or equity, which GRAZIANO may now have or may hereafter have or claim to have against VNUE, and its subsidiaries (the “GRAZIANO CLAIMS”) in exchange for Three Million Five Hundred Thousand (3,500,000) Shares (the “SETTLEMENT SHARES”). VNUE and GRAZIANO agree that delivery of the Settlement Shares pursuant to the conditions set forth herein shall satisfy VNUE’s obligation in full regarding any and all GRAZIANO CLAIMS. On July 27, 2015 the Company’s board passed the resolution and issued the Settlement Shares to GRAZIANO.


	 


	The Company valued the 3,500,000 shares of its common stock earned upon grant on the date of signing at $77,000 based on its most recent cash sales price of its common stock, and recorded this amount as other expenses – settlement of claims upon execution of this agreement.


	 



	Preferred Stock



	 


	In July 2014, the Company issued 133,334 shares of preferred stock for the acquisition of certain assets from Lively, LLC. The preferred shares were valued at $1.53 per share or $204,000. This was based on the price of the January 2015 private placement, as there were no significant changes in the business between the date of assets acquisition and the date of private placement. The preferred stock had no voting rights and was convertible to common stock. The holder of the preferred stock exercised that conversion on May 29, 2015 and received 6,709,775 in exchange for 6,709,775 shares of preferred stock.




	 





	Note 8 – Income Taxes



	 


	Reconciliation between the expected federal income tax rate and the actual tax rate is as follows:


	 





	 




	 





	Year Ended December 31,





	 






	 




	 





	2016





	 




	 





	2015





	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Federal statutory tax rate




	 




	 



	35


	%



	 




	 



	35


	%





	State tax, net of federal benefit




	 




	 



	6


	%



	 




	 



	6


	%





	Permanent differences




	 




	 




	 2




	% 




	 




	 




	 (2




	)% 






	Total tax rate




	 




	 



	43


	%



	 




	 



	39


	%





	Allowance




	 




	 



	(43


	)%



	 




	 



	(39


	)%





	Effective tax rate




	 




	 



	-



	%




	 




	 



	-



	%






	 


	The following is a summary of the deferred tax assets:


	 







	 




	 





	Year Ended December 31,





	 






	 




	 





	2016





	 




	 





	2015





	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net operating loss carryforwards




	 



	$


	2,708,000



	 




	 




	$



	1,672,000



	 






	Accrued compensation




	 




	 




	 105,000




	 




	 




	 




	 11,000




	 






	Impairment of intangibles




	 




	 




	 -




	 




	 




	 




	 106,000




	 






	Stock-based compensation




	 




	 




	 552,000




	 




	 




	 




	 1,094,000




	 






	Valuation allowance




	 




	 



	(3,365,000


	)



	 




	 



	(2,883,000


	)





	Net deferred tax asset




	 



	$


	-



	 




	 



	$


	-



	 






	 


	The Company has no tax provision for any period presented due to our history of operating losses. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $6,321,000 that may be available to reduce future years’ taxable income through 2031. The utilization of this carryforward is limited due to the ownership change. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as management has determined that their realization is not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the full value of the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards.


	﻿






	 




	F-17







	 






	Table of Contents






	 


	The Company adopted accounting rules which address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under these rules, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. These accounting rules also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. As of December 31, 2016 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be recorded.


	 



	Note 9 – Commitment and Contingencies



	 




	Litigation – Hughes Media Law Group, Inc.




	 


	On December 11, 2015, Hughes Media Law Group, Inc. (“HLMG”) filed a lawsuit against VNUE, Inc. in the Superior Court of King County, Washington, under case number 15-2-30108-0. HMLG claims damages of $130,552.78 for unpaid legal fees HMLG alleges are owed pursuant to an April 4, 2014 agreement with

	VNUE Washington

	, for legal work performed by HMLG for

	VNUE Washington

	prior to the Merger. The Complaint sets forth no legal basis for a lawsuit against VNUE, Inc. (Nevada) and does not, in fact, sue

	VNUE Washington

	, HMLG’s former client. The Company believes that VNUE, Inc. (Nevada) is not the proper party for this lawsuit, and reserves all available defenses and counterclaims. Under Washington Superior Court rules, VNUE, Inc. (Nevada) if service of process takes place outside of Washington, a defendant has Sixty (60) days from the date on which it was served the Complaint, to file a response setting forth its defenses. On July 25, 2016, the court issued judgment awarding HLMG $133,482.12 with interest at a rate of 12% per annum. The judgment stipulated that $12,000 be paid within five days of the judgment and payments of $4,000 per month to start in October, 2016. The amount of the settlement has been recorded in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015.




	 




	Artist Agreement




	 


	On October 27, 2015, the Company entered into an Artist Agreement with I Break Horses, a Swedish duo based in Stockholm. The Artist Agreement is effective October 27, 2015 and has a term lasting as long as I Break Horses artist recordings are available via the VNUE Service. Under the terms of the Artist Agreement, the Company shall handle rights clearing and distribution for I Break Horses recordings and receive 30% of the Net Income generated thereby. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the Company did not earn any revenue under this agreement.


	 




	License Agreement




	 


	On November 2, 2015, the Company entered into a License Agreement with Universal Music Corp. (“Universal”). The License Agreement is effective September 8, 2015, and has a term of Two (2) Years from the Effective Date. Under the terms of the License Agreement, Universal is granting to VNUE a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to create and distribute content using certain Universal compositions, more specified in the Grant of Right’s section of the License Agreement. The Company will then market and sell this content via the VNUE Service at certain agreed upon price points more specifically described in the Business Model and Price Points Section of the License Agreement, and the Company shall pay Universal royalties for each sale of the content as specified in the Royalty Rates section of the License Agreement.


	 






	 




	F-18







	 






	Table of Contents






	 


	In accordance with the Minimum Guarantee provision of the License Agreement, the Company shall pay to Universal a minimum first year fee of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000), which is due within 10 days of execution and a second year minimum fee of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000), which is due upon the commencement of the second year of the Term. The Company paid the first installment in September 2015 and recorded such amount as a prepaid asset. As of December 31, 2016, the entire $50,000 of this amount has been amortized and recorded as an operating expense. Upon mutual agreement of the parties the second payment has been deferred pending certain revisions of the agreement currently being negotiated between the parties.


	  





	Note 10 – Subsequent Events



	 


	On January 26, 2017, February 10, 2017 and April 7, 2017, the Company received additional aggregate borrowings of $75,000 from Ylimit, LLC under the terms of the amended note payable agreement dated March 8, 2017 (see Note 5).


	 


	From January 1, 2017 through the date the financial statements were issued, the Company issued an additional 25,750,000 shares share of its common stock to certain employees and contractors as compensation for services performed.


	 


	From January 1, 2017 through the date the financial statements were issued, the Company issued an additional 33,079,594 shares share of its common stock to Tarpon in settlement of convertible notes and accrued interest in the aggregate of $36,405 per the terms the convertible note payable agreements (see Note 5).


	 


	On March 15, 2017, one of the Company’s officers returned 50,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. The Company recorded the transaction as a return to treasury.


	 






	 




	F-19







	 






	Table of Contents









	 







	Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure





	 


	None.


	 






	Item 9A. Controls and Procedures




	 




	Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures




	 


	In connection with the preparation of this annual report, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15€ and 15d-15€ under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”)) as of December 31, 2016. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.


	 


	Based on that evaluation, and the material weaknesses outlined below under Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, that, due to weaknesses in our internal controls described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting information required to be disclosed, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information may not be accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.


	 




	Internal Control over Financial Reporting






	 


	Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 using the criteria established in

	Internal Control—Integrated Framework

	issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).


	 


	A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, the Company determined that there were deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below.


	 





	1.




	Lack of proper segregation of duties due to limited personnel.








	 






	2.




	Lack of a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review.





	 





	3.




	Lack of adequate policies and procedures for accounting for financial transactions.








	 






	4.




	Lack of independent board member(s)








	 






	5.




	Lack of independent audit committee





	 






	 




	19







	 






	Table of Contents






	 


	Management is currently evaluating remediation plans for the above material weaknesses.


	 


	In light of the existence of these material weaknesses, management concluded that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company’s internal controls. As a result, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on criteria established in

	Internal Control—Integrated Framework

	issued by COSO.


	 


	Weinberg & Company, an independent registered public accounting firm, is not required to and has not issued a report concerning the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 pursuant to rules of the SEC.


	 



	Changes in Internal Control



	 


	During the quarter ended December 31, 2016, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.


	 




	Item 9A(T). Controls and Procedures




	 


	Not Applicable.



	 






	Item 9B. Other Information




	 


	None.


	 






	 




	20







	 






	Table of Contents








	  






	PART III




	 






	Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Corporate Governance




	 





	Management and Directors



	 


	Our current directors and executive officers are as follows.


	 






	Name





	 





	Age





	 





	Position







	M. Zach Bair




	 




	55




	 




	Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer






	Matthew Carona




	 




	33




	 




	Director and Chief Operations Officer






	Anthony Cardenas




	 




	51




	 




	Director, Chief Creative Officer and Vice President of Artist Relations






	 


	Our directors’ serve as directors until our next annual shareholders’ meeting or until a successor is elected and qualified. Officers hold their positions at the discretion of the Board of Directors. There are no arrangements, agreements or understandings between non-management shareholders and management under which non-management shareholders may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs.


	 



	M. Zach Bair, 55, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer

	joined VNUE, Inc. in May 2016. Prior to his employment with VNUE, Mr. Bair was founder, president and chief executive officer for DiscLive Network/RockHouse Live Media Productions, Inc. from January 2007 to May 2016. From March 2001 to December 2006 Mr. Bair was founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Immediatek, Inc. a music tech company Mr. Bair took public in 2002. Bair is an accomplished audio and video producer, and is a voting member of the Recording Academy (the Grammys™). Bair has a significant history of implementing and commercializing the “instant media” business model, acquiring pioneer DiscLive in 2004. After selling DiscLive in 2006 Mr. Bair started a similar instant media company in 2007 under the RockHouse brand. From 2009-2012, Bair aligned RockHouse with EMI Music, under the Abbey Road Live moniker, and in April of 2012, Bair rebranded the live operation “DiscLive Network”.


	 



	Matthew P. Carona

	,

	33, Director and Chief Operations Officer

	joined VNUE, Inc. as Chief Executive Officer and Director in April 2014. From November 2010 to March 2014 Mr. Carona was Chief Strategy Officer of Quello, LLC and from June 2008 to November 2010 was head of mobile business development for Billboard Magazine at Billboard, Inc. Prior to Billboard, Mr. Carona was an account executive for Show Media, Inc. from October 2007 to November 2008 and Director of Sales and Founder at World Trade Publication from September 2006 to October 2007. Mr. Carona has a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration and Management from Western New England University.


	 



	Anthony Cardenas, 50, Director and Chief Creative Officer-Vice President of Artist Relations

	joined VNUE, Inc. in May, 2016. Before his engagement with the company, Mr. Cardenas was employed by DiscLive Network/RockHouse Live Media Productions, Inc. from January 2012 to May 2016 in product development and marketing and from January 2002 to January 2012 was employed by DiskFactory.com, Inc. where he was president and co-founder of the enterprise.


	 



	Significant Employees



	 


	Other than our officers, there are no other individuals that make a significant contribution to our business.


	 



	Family Relationships



	 


	There are no family relationships among our directors and officers.


	 



	Other Directorships



	 


	None of our directors or proposed directors currently hold, or within the past five years have held, directorships in companies with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or that are subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act.


	 






	 




	21







	 






	Table of Contents






	 



	Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings



	 


	No director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of voting securities of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries in any material legal proceeding.


	 


	None of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons have been involved in any of the following events during the past five years:


	 






	·





	any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;







	·





	any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);







	·



	 




	being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or







	·



	 




	being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated.





	 



	Corporate Governance



	 




	Director Independence




	 


	Our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or on any inter-dealer quotation system which has a requirement that a majority of directors be independent. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence set forth in the NYSE MKT Marketplace Rules.


	 


	Under these rules, a director is not considered to be independent if he or she also is an executive officer or employee of the Company or has loaned funds to us within the past two years. As a result, Mr. Eley and Mr. Gasmier would not be considered independent because each serves as an officer of our company. Our other directors, Mr. Evans, Mr. Cardozo and Mr. Ferrero, would be considered independent under these rules.


	 




	Board of Directors’ Meetings




	 


	During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 our board of directors did not formally meet. Our board conducted all business and approved all corporate actions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 by the unanimous written consent of its members in the absence of formal board meetings.


	 




	Committees of the Board of Directors




	 


	As our common stock is not presently listed for trading or quotation on a national securities exchange or NASDAQ, we are not presently required to have board committees.


	 


	We currently have an audit committee comprised of our current directors as a whole. We do not have a “financial expert” under applicable rules. We believe the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive.


	 


	The purpose of the Audit Committee is, among other things, to assist the board in its oversight of the integrity of our financial statements and other relevant public disclosures, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements relating to financial reporting, the external auditors’ qualifications and independence and the performance of the internal audit function and the external auditors.


	 


	Due to our small size and limited operations to date, we do not presently have a nominating committee, compensation committee or other committee performing similar functions. We have not adopted any procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board, and we do not have a diversity policy.


	 






	 




	22







	 






	Table of Contents






	 




	Code of Ethics




	 


	Due to our small size and limited operations to date, we have not adopted a formal code of ethics. Our Board has found that the fiduciary duties placed on individual directors by applicable legislation and the restrictions placed by applicable legislation on an individual director’s participation in decisions of the Board in which the director has an interest have been sufficient to ensure that the Board operates independently of management and in the best interests of our company.


	 




	Board Leadership Structure and Role on Risk Oversight




	 


	At present, we have determined our current leadership structure, comprised of our directors and officers, is appropriate due to our small size and limited operations and resources.


	 


	We have no policy requiring the combination or separation of the Principal Executive Officer and Chairman roles and our governing documents do not mandate a particular structure. Our directors recognize that the leadership structure and the combination or separation of these leadership roles is driven by our needs at any point in time.


	 


	Our directors are involved in the general oversight of risks that could affect our business and they will continue to evaluate our leadership structure and modify such structure as appropriate based on our size, resources and operations.


	 




	Stockholder Communication with the Board of Directors




	 


	Stockholders may send communications to our board of directors by writing to us at our corporate offices.


	 




	Other Information




	 


	We are required to file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy this information at the Public Reference Room of the SEC, 100 F. Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You may also obtain a copy of these reports by accessing the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also send communications to our board of directors at VNUE Inc., Attention: Chief Executive Officer, 104 W. 29

	th

	Street, 11

	th

	Floor, New York, NY 10001.


	 



	Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance Reporting



	 


	Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires a company’s directors and officers, and persons who own more than ten-percent (10%) of the company’s common stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission reports of ownership on Form 3 and reports of change in ownership on Forms 4 and 5. Such officers, directors and ten-percent stockholders are also required to furnish the company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on information provided to us, all such reports have not been filed under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in a timely manner since the filing of our prior annual report.


	 






	 




	23







	 






	Table of Contents







	 






	Item 11. Executive Compensation




	 




	Summary Compensation Table




	 


	The following table sets forth the compensation paid to our principal executive officers during the last two completed fiscal years.


	 










	Summary Compensation Table












	Name and Principal Position





	 





	Year





	 





	Salary







	 





	Bonus







	 





	Stock



	Awards







	 





	Option



	Awards







	 





	Non-Equity



	Incentive



	Plan



	Compensation







	 





	Nonqualified



	Deferred



	Compensation



	Earnings







	 





	All Other



	Compensation







	 





	Total















	 





	($)







	 





	($)







	 





	($)







	 





	($)













	 





	($)







	 





	($)







	 





	($)





	 







	Zach Bair





	 




	2016




	 




	$




	113,000








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0






	 




	 




	0








	 




	0






	 




	 




	0






	 




	$




	113,000




	 






	CEO (1)




	 




	2015




	 




	$




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0






	 




	$




	0












































































	 







	Matthew Corona





	 




	2016




	 




	$




	150,000








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0






	 




	$




	150,000




	 






	COO




	 




	2015




	 




	$




	150,000








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0








	 




	0






	 




	$




	150,000







	__________







	(1)


	M. Zach Bair, 55, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer joined VNUE, Inc. in May 2016.




	  




	Option Grants








	 


	We did not grant any stock options or other similar securities to our directors or officers during the years ended December 31, 2015 or 2016. Our directors and officers do not own any stock options or other similar securities of our company.


	 




	Management Agreements




	 


	We currently have not entered into any management agreements.


	 




	Compensation upon Change of Control




	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we had no pension plans or compensatory plans or other arrangements, which provide compensation in the event of the termination of directors, officers or employees or a change in control of our company.


	 




	Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans




	 


	There are no arrangements or plans pursuant to which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.


	 




	Compensation of Directors






	 


	We did not pay director’s fees or other cash compensation to our directors for services rendered as directors in the year ended December 31, 2015 or 2016. We have no standard arrangements pursuant to which our directors are compensated for their services in their capacity as directors. The Board of Directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of our company other than services ordinarily required of a director. No director has received and/or accrued any compensation for his services as a director, including committee participation and/or special assignments.


	 




	 




	24







	 






	Table of Contents







	 






	Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters




	 


	The following table set forth the ownership, as of the date of this Annual Report, of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, our directors, and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge, the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control.


	 


	The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below, we believe that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. The mailing address for all persons is at 104 W. 29

	th

	Street, 11

	th

	Floor, New York, NY 10001


	 








	Shareholders





	 





	# of Shares





	 




	 





	Percentage





	 






	Zach Bair, CEO




	 




	 



	122,788,266



	 




	 




	 



	19


	%





	Matthew Carona, COO




	 




	 



	122,788,266



	 




	 




	 



	19


	%






	All directors and executive officers as a group





	 




	 



	245,576,531



	 




	 




	 



	38


	%





	Christopher Mann




	 




	 



	81,858,860



	 




	 




	 



	13


	%





	Collin Howard, Former Director*




	 




	 



	45,559,177



	 




	 




	 



	7


	%





	 


	This table is based upon information derived from our stock records. The shareholder named in this table has sole or shared voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Applicable percentages are based upon 647,258,382 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2017.

	 


	* Collin Howard ceased being a director effective March 23, 2017 when his elected successor took office.


	 






	 




	25







	 






	Table of Contents







	 






	Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence




	 


	The Corporation may indemnify and advance litigation expenses to its directors, officers, employees and agents to the extent permitted by law, the Articles or these Bylaws, and shall indemnify and advance litigation expenses to its directors, officers, employees and agents to the extent required by law, the Articles or these Bylaws. The Corporation’s obligations of indemnification, if any, shall be conditioned on the Corporation receiving prompt notice of the claim and the opportunity to settle and defend the claim. The Corporation may, to the extent permitted by law, purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of an individual who is or was a directors, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation. Since the beginning of our last fiscal year, we have not entered into any transactions, and there are no currently proposed transactions, with our officers, directors, beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock, or family members of these persons wherein the amount involved in the transaction or a series of similar transactions exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of our total assets for the last two fiscal years.


	 


	While we do not have any special committee, policy or procedure related to the review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons, our board of directors reviews all such transactions.


	 



	Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities



	 


	Our officers and directors are indemnified as provided by the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws. We have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities is asserted by one of our directors, officer, or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy to court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court's decision.



	 






	Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services




	 



	Audit and Non-Audit Fees



	 


	The following table represents fees for the professional audit services and fees billed for other services rendered by our auditors, Weinberg and Company PC, for the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 







	 




	 





	Year Ended




	December 31,



	2016





	 




	 





	Year Ended




	December 31,




	2015





	 






	Audit fees




	 



	$


	76,512



	 




	 



	$


	50,354



	 






	Audit-related fees




	 




	 



	0



	 




	 




	 



	0



	 






	Tax fees




	 




	 



	0



	 




	 




	 



	0



	 






	All other fees




	 




	 



	0



	 




	 




	 



	0



	 






	Total




	 



	$


	76,512



	 




	 



	$


	50,354



	 






	 


	Since our inception, our Board of Directors, performing the duties of the Audit Committee, reviews all audit and non-audit related fees at least annually. The Board of Directors as the Audit Committee pre-approved all audit related services in fiscal 2016.


	 






	 




	26







	 






	Table of Contents








	 






	PART IV




	 






	Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Financial Statement Schedules




	 


	None.


	 





	Exhibits



	 






	Exhibit





	 





	Exhibit








	Number





	 





	Description







	3.1




	 




	Articles of Incorporation (1)






	3.2




	 




	Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (2)






	3.3




	 




	Bylaws (2)






	4.1




	 




	2012 Stock Incentive Plan (3)






	10.1




	 




	Equity Purchase Agreement with Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC dated February 18, 2016 (4)






	10.2




	 




	Registration Rights Agreement with Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC dated February 18, 2016 (5)






	10.3




	 




	Promissory Note issued to Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC dated February 18, 2016 (6)






	16.1




	 




	Letter Re: Change in Certifying Accountant (7)







	21.1*





	 





	Subsidiaries of the Registrant








	31.1*





	 





	Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act








	32.1*





	 





	Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act







	99.1




	 




	Audit Committee Charter dated September 25, 2009 (8)






	101.1NS




	 




	XBRL Instance Document






	101.SCH




	 




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document






	101.CAL




	 




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document






	101.LAB




	 




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document






	101.PRE






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document






	101.DEF




	 




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document





	_____________









	* Filed herein





	 




	 





	(1)


	Included as an exhibit with our Form SB-2 filed October 13, 2006.





	 




	 





	(2)


	Included as an exhibit with our Form 8-K filed February 1, 2011.





	 




	 





	(3)


	Included as an exhibit with our Form 8-K filed April 11, 2013.





	 




	 





	(4)


	Included as an exhibit with our Form S-1 filed September 16, 2016.





	 




	 





	(5)


	Included as an exhibit with our Form S-1 filed September 16, 2016.





	 




	 





	(6)


	Included as an exhibit with our Form S-1 filed September 16, 2016.





	 




	 





	(7)


	Included as an exhibit with our Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2015.





	 




	 





	(8)


	Included as an exhibit with our Form 10-Q filed on January 19, 2010.




	 






	 




	27







	 






	Table of Contents








	 





	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


	 


	 





	 





	VNUE, INC.





	 










	 




	 






	Date: April 14, 2017




	By:





	/s/ Zach Bair





	 








	 




	Zach Bair




	 








	 




	Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer




	 





	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


	 


	 






	SIGNATURES






	 






	TITLE






	 






	DATE




















	/s/ Zach Bair





	 




	Chief Executive Officer, Principal




	 




	April 14, 2017






	Zach Bair





	Accounting Officer and Chairman

















	 







	/s/ Matthew Carona





	 




	Chief Operating Officer and Director




	 




	April 14, 2017






	Matthew Carona  






	 






	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	/s/ Anthony Cardenas





	 




	Chief Creative Officer, Vice President




	 




	April 14, 2017






	Anthony Cardenas







	of Artist Relations and Director









	 







	28






	 











	EXHIBIT 21.1



	 


	The Company consolidates the following subsidiaries and/or entities:


	 







	 



	Name of consolidated subsidiary or


	Entity





	 





	State or other jurisdiction of




	incorporation or organization





	 





	Date of incorporation or formation




	(date of acquisition/disposition, if




	applicable)





	 





	Attributable interest



























	VNUE Inc. (formerly TGRI)




	 




	The State of Nevada




	 




	April 4, 2006


	(May 29, 2015)




	 




	 100




	%
























	VNUE Inc. (VNUE Washington)




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	 100




	%
























	VNUE LLC




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	August 1, 2013


	(December 3, 2014)




	 




	 100




	%
























	VNUE Technology Inc.




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	 90




	%
























	VNUE Media  Inc.




	 




	The State of Washington




	 




	October 16, 2014




	 




	 89




	%






	 









	EXHIBIT 31.1



	 



	Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley




	Act of 2002 and pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934



	 


	I, Zach Bair certify that:


	 







	1.




	I have reviewed this Annual report on Form 10-K of VNUE, Inc.;





	 







	2.




	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





	 







	3.




	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;





	 







	4.




	The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:





	 







	 




	a.




	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;














	 




	b.




	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





	 







	 




	c.




	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations: and





	 







	 




	d.




	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and





	 







	5.




	The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





	 







	 




	a.




	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and





	 







	 




	b.




	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.





	 


	 







	 





	VNUE, Inc.





	 










	 




	 






	Date: April 14, 2017




	By:





	/s/ Zach Bair





	 








	 




	Zach Bair




	 








	 




	Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer




	 





	 


	 









	EXHIBIT 32.1



	 





	CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)



	 


	In connection with the Annual Report of VNUE, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Zach Bair, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:


	 







	 



	(1)


	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and





	 




	 




	 






	 



	(2)


	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.




	 


	 







	 





	VNUE, Inc.





	 





	 





	 




	 






	Date: April 14, 2017




	By:





	/s/ Zach Bair





	 








	 




	Zach Bair




	 








	 




	Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer




	 






	 









 

VNUE, INC. (OTCMKTS:VNUE) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  VNUE, INC. (OTCMKTS:VNUE) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement     SEC Filings  VNUE, INC. (OTCMKTS:VNUE) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  ByME Staff 8-k -July 14, 2017 17  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 VNUE, INC. (OTCMKTS:VNUE) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive AgreementItem 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
On July 10, 2017, the Company entered into a Licensing Agreement with RockHouse Live Media Productions, Inc., DBA “DiscLive” or “DiscLive Network” (“DiscLive”). VNUE has acquired an exclusive license from DiscLive, for a period of three years unless earlier terminated under the Agreement, for the use of all its assets, including but not limited to the DiscLive brand, website (including eCommerce platform), intellectual property, inventory, equipment, trade secrets and anything related to its business of “instant live” recording. Under the terms of the Agreement, DiscLive granted the Company a worldwide exclusive license. In exchange for the license, DiscLive will receive a license fee equal to five percent (5%) of any sales derived from the sale and use of the products and services. 
Section 7 – Regulation FD
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
On July 14, 2017 VNUE, Inc. issued a press release regarding the license agreement with DiscLive. The press release is attached to this Report as Exhibit 99.1.
By filing this Current Report on Form 8-K and furnishing the information contained herein, the Company makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in this report that is required to be disclosed solely by reason of Regulation FD. The information contained in the Slides is summary information that is intended to be considered in the context of the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings and other public announcements that the Company may make, by press release or otherwise, from time to time. The Company undertakes no duty or obligation to publicly update or revise the information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, although it may do so from time to time as its management believes is warranted. Any such updating may be made through the filing of other reports or documents with the SEC, through press releases or through other public disclosure.
Section 8 – Other Events 
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On July 14, 2017 Vnue, Inc. paid its convertible promissory note obligation to Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC and Registrant has no further outstanding contractual obligations with Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC or its principal owner, Stephen Hicks.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 
(d)Exhibits.
VNUE, Inc. ExhibitEX-10.1 2 vnue_ex101.htm LICENSE AGREEMENT vnue_ex101.htmEXHIBIT 10.1   License Agreement   This License Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made effective as of July 10,…To view the full exhibit click here About VNUE, INC. (OTCMKTS:VNUE) VNUE, Inc. (VNUE) is a development-stage company. The Company is carrying on business as a live entertainment music service company, which brings bands and fans together by capturing audio and video recordings of live performances and delivers the experience of a venue to home and hand. By streamlining the processes of curation, clearing, capturing, distribution and monetization, it manages the complexities of the music ecosystem. The Company captures content through its Front of House mobile application and provides distribution and monetization through a suite of mobile, Web administration applications, allowing an artist to deliver and sell their live performances directly to the fans attending their shows. VNUE is primarily used in live music venues. The Company is also branching into various other entertainment experiences, such as comedy, plays, musicals, university lectures, professional demonstrations and panel discussions, as well as action sports, among others.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Other Events    Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:DUOT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    VECTREN CORPORATION (NYSE:VVC) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement     Technovative Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:TEHG) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...    PACIFIC CONTINENTAL CORPORATION (NASDAQ:PCBK) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits    MENDOCINO BREWING COMPANY, INC. (OTCMKTS:MENB) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:DUOT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 VECTREN CORPORATION (NYSE:VVC) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 Technovative Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:TEHG) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 PACIFIC CONTINENTAL CORPORATION (NASDAQ:PCBK) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017   Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE:NVS) Just Took A Big Step Forward In...  July 13, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37676LSE1947Stocks1360Tech News1248Biotech Stocks1168Stock Market News1117Small Caps710Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 

































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




11:34 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




11:34 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




11:34 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































VNUE Profile | VNUE INC COM USD0.0001 Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballVNUE, Inc. (VNUE)Other OTC - Other OTC Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist0.000970.00000 (0.00000%)At close:  3:24PM EDTPeople also watchAEXESHRKBPSRMJLBSTLTSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsVNUE, Inc.104 West 29th Street11th FloorNew York, NY 10001United States857-777-6190http://www.vnue.comSector: Industry: Full Time Employees: 2Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Zach  BairChairman of Directors, CEO & Chief Accounting Officer113kN/A55Mr. Matthew P. CaronaCOO & Director150kN/A33Dr. Christopher  NoceraChief Information OfficerN/AN/AN/AMr. Peter W. SlavishChief Content Officer & Product Mang.N/AN/AN/AMr. Anthony  CardenasChief Creative Officer, VP of Artist Relations & DirectorN/AN/A51Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionVnue, Inc. operates as a live entertainment music technology company. It captures and delivers professional quality audio and video recordings of live performances through its Front of House mobile application. The company streamlines the processes of curation, clearing, capturing, distribution, and monetization of music performances through a suite of mobile and Web administration applications that allow an artist to deliver and sell their live performances directly to the fans who attend their shows. It also focuses on the other entertainment experiences, such as comedy, plays, musicals, university lectures, professional demonstrations, and panel discussions, as well as action sports and religious events. In addition, it offers Venue Artist Admin portal, an enterprise level content management system with administration features that allows to oversee the content and copyright clearances for artists, venues, labels, and publishers. Vnue, Inc. is based in New York, New York.Corporate GovernanceVNUE, Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder Rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)






  TGRI Stock Quote - VNUE Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  VNUE Inc   TGRI:US      Ticker Change   TGRI:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   VNUE, Inc. operates as a live entertainment music service company. The Company brings bands and fans together by capturing audio and video recordings of live performances. VNUE sells live performances of the artist directly to the fans who attend their shows.    Address  2003 Western AvenueSuite 460Seattle, WA 98121United States   Phone  1-206-774-0879   Website   www.vnue.com     Executives Board Members    M Zach Bair  Chairman/CEO/Chief Acctg Officer    Collin Howard  CFO/Treasurer    Christopher Nocera  Chief Information Officer    Matthew Carona  Chief Operations Officer    Peter W Slavish  Chief Content Officer     Show More         
  VNUE:OTC US Stock Quote - VNUE Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  VNUE Inc   VNUE:US   OTC US        0.00USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/18/2017     Open   0.00    Day Range   0.00 - 0.00    Volume   800    Previous Close   0.00    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.01                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    Day Range   0.00 - 0.00    Volume   800    Previous Close   0.00    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.01    YTD Return   -77.27%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (k USD)   634.098    Shares Outstanding  (m)   653.709    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/14/2017   DiscLive Signs Exclusive License Agreement with VNUE     6/12/2017   Scott Stapp of Creed Coming to Memphis June 20     5/2/2017   VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting     4/27/2017   Scott Stapp of Creed to Release Instant Recordings on Acoustic 2017 Tour     3/13/2017   VNUE, Inc CEO Pens Op-Ed for Music Industry Blog Hypebot.com     2/23/2017   VNUE, Inc Announces First Venue Partnership     2/8/2017   VNUE Teams With Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition to Address Transparency Problems With Small Business Music Licensing by    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   VNUE, Inc. operates as a live entertainment music service company. The Company brings bands and fans together by capturing audio and video recordings of live performances. VNUE sells live performances of the artist directly to the fans who attend their shows.    Address  2003 Western AvenueSuite 460Seattle, WA 98121United States   Phone  1-206-774-0879   Website   www.vnue.com     Executives Board Members    M Zach Bair  Chairman/CEO/Chief Acctg Officer    Collin Howard  CFO/Treasurer    Christopher Nocera  Chief Information Officer    Matthew Carona  Chief Operations Officer    Peter W Slavish  Chief Content Officer     Show More         

VNUE Stock Price - VNUE Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:15p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



7:38p

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



7:28p

A Wild Week in Washington 



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


VNUE


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



VNUE
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


VNUE Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateVNUEAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 18, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.001



0.00
-3.00%






Previous Close




$0.0010





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




0.029% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    800
                


                65 Day Avg. - 2.7M
            





Open: 0.001
Close: 0.001



0.0010
Day Low/High
0.0011





Day Range



0.0004
52 Week Low/High
0.0087


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.001



Day Range
0.0010 - 0.0011



52 Week Range
0.0004 - 0.0087



Market Cap
$555.65K



Shares Outstanding
653.71M



Public Float
280.71M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$0.00



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
2.73M




 


Performance




5 Day


-3.00%







1 Month


7.78%







3 Month


-51.50%







YTD


-77.95%







1 Year


-67.67%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: VNUE, INC.


Dec. 16, 2016 at 6:07 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: VNUE, INC.


Dec. 15, 2016 at 7:27 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: VNUE, INC.


Dec. 15, 2016 at 7:23 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: VNUE, INC.


Dec. 15, 2016 at 6:23 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





(BUKX) CFO Christopher Robin Relph buys 500,000 Shares


Dec. 20, 2011 at 6:36 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com









DiscLive Signs Exclusive License Agreement with VNUE
DiscLive Signs Exclusive License Agreement with VNUE

Jul. 14, 2017 at 4:14 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting
VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting

May. 2, 2017 at 11:54 a.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada





VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting
VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting

May. 2, 2017 at 11:52 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Scott Stapp of Creed to Release Instant Recordings  on Acoustic 2017 Tour


Apr. 27, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE, Inc CEO Pens Op-Ed for Music Industry Blog Hypebot.com


Mar. 13, 2017 at 1:10 p.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada





VNUE, Inc CEO Pens Op-Ed for Music Industry Blog Hypebot.com


Mar. 13, 2017 at 1:10 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE, Inc Announces First Venue Partnership


Feb. 23, 2017 at 1:54 p.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada





VNUE, Inc Announces First Venue Partnership


Feb. 23, 2017 at 1:54 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE Teams With Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition to Address Transparency Problems With Small Business Music Licensing by Performance Rights Organizations


Feb. 8, 2017 at 8:55 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE Joins Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition in Copyright Reform Initiative


Jan. 27, 2017 at 4:24 p.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada





VNUE Joins Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition in Copyright Reform Initiative


Jan. 27, 2017 at 4:22 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Saving Abel to Release Instant Recordings on Upcoming 2017 Tour


Jan. 18, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











VNUE Inc.


            
            VNUE, Inc. engages in the provision of live entertainment recording and distribution services. The company was founded in August 2013 by Matthew Carona and Louis Mann and is headquartered in New York, NY.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Ur-Energy Inc.
1.86%
$119.62M


Balmoral Resources Ltd.
2.23%
$66.21M


Liberty Star Uranium & Metals Corp.
10.75%
$4.43M


Applied Minerals Inc.
-20.00%
$3.16M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








S

0.24%








SSTI

-0.08%








MO

-9.49%








TRUE

1.33%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












VNUE Stock Price - VNUE Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:15p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



7:38p

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



7:28p

A Wild Week in Washington 



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


VNUE


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



VNUE
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


VNUE Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateVNUEAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 18, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.001



0.00
-3.00%






Previous Close




$0.0010





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




0.029% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    800
                


                65 Day Avg. - 2.7M
            





Open: 0.001
Close: 0.001



0.0010
Day Low/High
0.0011





Day Range



0.0004
52 Week Low/High
0.0087


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.001



Day Range
0.0010 - 0.0011



52 Week Range
0.0004 - 0.0087



Market Cap
$555.65K



Shares Outstanding
653.71M



Public Float
280.71M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$0.00



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
2.73M




 


Performance




5 Day


-3.00%







1 Month


7.78%







3 Month


-51.50%







YTD


-77.95%







1 Year


-67.67%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: VNUE, INC.


Dec. 16, 2016 at 6:07 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: VNUE, INC.


Dec. 15, 2016 at 7:27 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: VNUE, INC.


Dec. 15, 2016 at 7:23 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: VNUE, INC.


Dec. 15, 2016 at 6:23 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





(BUKX) CFO Christopher Robin Relph buys 500,000 Shares


Dec. 20, 2011 at 6:36 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com









DiscLive Signs Exclusive License Agreement with VNUE
DiscLive Signs Exclusive License Agreement with VNUE

Jul. 14, 2017 at 4:14 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting
VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting

May. 2, 2017 at 11:54 a.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada





VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting
VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting

May. 2, 2017 at 11:52 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Scott Stapp of Creed to Release Instant Recordings  on Acoustic 2017 Tour


Apr. 27, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE, Inc CEO Pens Op-Ed for Music Industry Blog Hypebot.com


Mar. 13, 2017 at 1:10 p.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada





VNUE, Inc CEO Pens Op-Ed for Music Industry Blog Hypebot.com


Mar. 13, 2017 at 1:10 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE, Inc Announces First Venue Partnership


Feb. 23, 2017 at 1:54 p.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada





VNUE, Inc Announces First Venue Partnership


Feb. 23, 2017 at 1:54 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE Teams With Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition to Address Transparency Problems With Small Business Music Licensing by Performance Rights Organizations


Feb. 8, 2017 at 8:55 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





VNUE Joins Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition in Copyright Reform Initiative


Jan. 27, 2017 at 4:24 p.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada





VNUE Joins Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition in Copyright Reform Initiative


Jan. 27, 2017 at 4:22 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Saving Abel to Release Instant Recordings on Upcoming 2017 Tour


Jan. 18, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











VNUE Inc.


            
            VNUE, Inc. engages in the provision of live entertainment recording and distribution services. The company was founded in August 2013 by Matthew Carona and Louis Mann and is headquartered in New York, NY.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Ur-Energy Inc.
1.86%
$119.62M


Balmoral Resources Ltd.
2.23%
$66.21M


Liberty Star Uranium & Metals Corp.
10.75%
$4.43M


Applied Minerals Inc.
-20.00%
$3.16M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








S

0.24%








SSTI

-0.08%








MO

-9.49%








TRUE

1.33%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.














    VNUE Key Statistics - VNUE Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































VNUE Inc.

                  OTC: VNUE
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

VNUE Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 18, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


VNUE

/quotes/zigman/55093229/delayed


$
0.0010




Change

0.0000
-3.00%

Volume
Volume 800
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/55093229/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.0010
		


$
				0.0010
			
Change

0.0000
-3.00%





Day low
Day high
$0.0010
$0.0011










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.0004
        

            $0.0087
        

















			Company Description 
		


                VNUE, Inc. engages in the provision of live entertainment recording and distribution services. The company was founded in August 2013 by Matthew Carona and Louis Mann and is headquartered in New York, NY.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-0.23


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-0.28


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-0.33


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.12

Efficiency

Income Per Employee
-1,268,213.00

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.01


Quick Ratio
0.01


Cash Ratio
0.01



Profitability

Return on Assets
-8,021.59

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Assets
1,404.28





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Zach  Bair 
53
2016
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. Matthew P. Carona 
32
2013
President, COO, Secretary & Director



Mr. Collin  Howard 
47
2014
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Director



Mr. Anthony  Cardenas 
50
2016
Chief Creative Officer & VP-Artist Relations



Ms. Elyse  Bender-Segall 
-
2016
Director-Marketing & Communications





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





01/27/2015

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

1,000,000


 
Acquisition at $0.01 per share.


10,000


08/31/2014

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

1,500,000


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0


05/16/2014

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

5,000,000


 
Acquisition at $0.01 per share.


50,000


02/12/2014

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

250,000


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0


11/29/2013

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

142,146


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0


11/29/2013

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

54,139


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0


11/22/2013

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

140,000


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0


11/20/2013

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

205,861


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0


10/14/2013

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

5,000,000


 
Acquisition at $0.01 per share.


50,000


05/24/2013

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

34,434


 
Acquisition at $0.02 per share.


688


05/23/2013

Andrew G. Gasmier                            
President and CEO; Director

11,000


 
Acquisition at $0.02 per share.


220








/news/latest/company/us/vnue

      MarketWatch News on VNUE
    
No News currently available for VNUE





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/vnue

      Other News on VNUE
    




 10-Q: VNUE, INC.
7:07 a.m. Dec. 16, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: VNUE, INC.
8:26 a.m. Dec. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: VNUE, INC.
8:22 a.m. Dec. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: VNUE, INC.
7:22 a.m. Dec. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





(BUKX) CFO Christopher Robin Relph buys 500,000 Shares

7:36 a.m. Dec. 20, 2011
 - GuruFocus.com














At a Glance

VNUE, Inc.
104 West 29th Street
11th floor

New York, New York 10001




Phone
1 8577776190


Industry
General Mining


Sector
Basic Materials/Resources


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-2.54M


Employees

        2.00


Annual Report for VNUE











/news/pressrelease/company/us/vnue

      Press Releases on VNUE
    




 DiscLive Signs Exclusive License Agreement with VNUE
4:14 p.m. July 14, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Scott Stapp of Creed Coming to Memphis June 20
8:45 a.m. June 12, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting
11:54 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - Filing Services Canada




 VNUE Announces Reverse Split of Common Stock in Preparation for Uplisting
11:52 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Scott Stapp of Creed to Release Instant Recordings  on Acoustic 2017 Tour
10:00 a.m. April 27, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 VNUE, Inc CEO Pens Op-Ed for Music Industry Blog Hypebot.com
1:10 p.m. March 13, 2017
 - Filing Services Canada




 VNUE, Inc CEO Pens Op-Ed for Music Industry Blog Hypebot.com
1:10 p.m. March 13, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 VNUE, Inc Announces First Venue Partnership
2:53 p.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - Filing Services Canada




 VNUE, Inc Announces First Venue Partnership
2:53 p.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 VNUE Teams With Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition to Address Transparency Problems With Small Business Music Licensing by Performance Rights Organizations
9:55 a.m. Feb. 8, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 VNUE Joins Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition in Copyright Reform Initiative
5:24 p.m. Jan. 27, 2017
 - Filing Services Canada




 VNUE Joins Fairness in Music Licensing Coalition in Copyright Reform Initiative
5:22 p.m. Jan. 27, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Saving Abel to Release Instant Recordings on Upcoming 2017 Tour
11:00 a.m. Jan. 18, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:34 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































VNUE





















































Live and Unplugged

This Spring, Scott celebrated the 20th Anniversary of Creed's "My Own Prison" with his intimate acoustic tour.  VNUE and DiscLive bring you high-resolution audio recordings from each performance, available for purchase now!


Contact

PurchaseEnter Site





























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.



Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017










































OTC Markets | Official site of the OTCQX, OTCQB and OTC Pink Marketplaces featuring Free Stock & Bond Quotes, Trade Prices, Chart, Financials and Company News & Information for Investors, Companies and Traders - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














VNUE


VNUE, Inc.














 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            

                    SEC Reporting - Current
                




				 Pink Current Information 
				
			

















Previous Close

Open



Daily Range
 - 
52wk Range
 - 


Volume

Dividend



Average Vol (30d)

Net Dividend Yield








 


Real-Time Level 2 Quote Montage





							There are no quotes for VNUE
						





MPID
Bid Price
Size
Date/Time










MPID
Ask Price
Size
Date/Time






 


 
 



Level 2 Quote Montage: MMID - OTC Link Inside Quote | MMID - OTC Link Quote | cMMID - Closed Quote | U - Unpriced Quote | MMIDu - Unsolicited Quote | MMID — Market maker quotation published in OTCBB that meets the Inside market | MMID - Market maker quotation published in OTCBB

								All trade/quote prices in USD.
								













 



 









































VNUE





















































Live and Unplugged

This Spring, Scott celebrated the 20th Anniversary of Creed's "My Own Prison" with his intimate acoustic tour.  VNUE and DiscLive bring you high-resolution audio recordings from each performance, available for purchase now!


Contact

PurchaseEnter Site
















