



        VO2 : Employer Identification Number Registry

































































Tweet



Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  V  VO2









                    VO2 : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



455597689 - VO2 PARTNERS I LLCBusiness Address: 521 MADISON, SUITE 600, NEW YORK, NY, 10022Mailing Address: 521 MADISON, SUITE 600, NEW YORK, NY000000000 - VO2 Dollar Stores, LLCBusiness Address: 2812 N. NORWALK ST., STE. 106, MESA, AZ, 85215Mailing Address: 2812 N. NORWALK ST., STE. 106, MESA, AZ000000000 - VO2 Partners III LLCBusiness Address: 521 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 600, NEW YORK, NY, 10022Mailing Address: 521 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 600, NEW YORK, NY000000000 - VO2 Partners II LLCBusiness Address: 521 MADISON, SUITE 600, NEW YORK, NY, 10022Mailing Address: 521 MADISON, SUITE 600, NEW YORK, NY000000000 - VO2 Partners IV LLCBusiness Address: 521 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 600, NEW YORK, NY, 10022Mailing Address: 521 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 600, NEW YORK, NY, 10022000000000 - VO2 Partners V LLCBusiness Address: 85 BROAD STREET, 29TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10004Mailing Address: 85 BROAD STREET, 29TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10004300943989 - VO2 Partners VI LLCBusiness Address: 450 LEXINGTON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 450 LEXINGTON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY, 10017






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            


























 







VO2 Partners VI LLC - Other- Gary Comer Inc.  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









VO2 Partners VI LLC

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    450 Lexington Avenue  
    New York, NY, 10017Phone: 212-207-8777 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-16


New


$510,715


$510,715


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Gary Comer Inc. 
 Executive 


 Laurence W. Levi 
 Executive 


 N/A Max Att Llc 
 Executive 


 Anders Petersen 
 Executive 


 N/A Vo2 Partners Llc 
 Executive 













Capital Roundtable Private Equity Health Wellness Personal Care Conference 2012














MasterClassTM










Join Our Mailing List | Audio Packages | Contact Us | Our Homepage









 
 
Sponsor

Association Partners

 
 
  
 
Research Partners



Media Partners



 





 
 


 
 
 
 
 





Clear the date May 10 on your calendar! 
CLICK HERE now to register before it's too late!
 
All-NEW Conference 
For Middle-Market Private Equity
 & Mezzanine Investors & Lenders 
 
 
Private Equity Investing 
In Health, Wellness, & Personal Care Companies 
Why More & More Investors  Are Opening 
Their Minds & Wallets  to Healthcare Alternatives
 
  Attendance Is Limited! 
 Register Now
                         
CHAIRED BY
Jon Canarick,  Managing Director
North Castle  Partners LLC


 
  Featuring 20 Expert Speakers Including -- 


Michael G. Archbold, Vitamin Shoppe Inc.


Michael C. Burgmaier,  Silverwood Partners LLC


Scott Elaine Case, VMG Partners


Chris  Ciatto, Plus One Health Management Inc.


Claudine M. Cohen, Grant Thornton LLP 


Matthew R. Colucci, Balance Point Capital Partners LP


Jay  Galluzzo, Flywheel Sports Inc.


Thomas S. Girardi, HT Capital Advisors LLC


Dawn Hudson,  Parthenon Group LLC


Laurence W. Levi, VO2 Partners  


Slava Leykind, Sawaya Segalas & Co. LLC


Elizabeth F. Lippert, Parthenon Group LLC 


Marc Magliacano, Catterton Partners 


Louis E. Marinaccio,  North Castle Partners LLC


Joan Y. McCabe,  Brynwood Partners LP


Federico G. M. Mennella, Lincoln International LLC


Pamela Mikulec, Parthenon Group LLC 


Alexander S. Panos, TSG Consumer Partners LLC


Liam Patrick, Fireman Capital Partners


Jeffrey Pribyl, Blackstone Advisory Partners LP
Andres Saenz, Parthenon Group LLC



Mitchell F. Schaffer, Silver Birch Tree Holdings 


Todd  Walter, Red Door Spas




Click Here to Register >>   Purchase Audio Package >>
 
 
 


   Visit Audio Library >>    Add to Outlook Calendar >>

 
FULL-DAY CONFERENCE
Thursday, May 10, 2012
8:00 am – 5:00 pm
  New York City 
Designed to Meet the Needs of  GPs, LPs, & Managers of Buyout, Growth Equity, Mezzanine, &  Lending Funds, as Well as Independent Sponsors, Operating Partners,  Portfolio Company Managers, and the Bankers, Lawyers, Accountants,
& Other Advisors Who Support  Them

Faculty | Schedule | Registration | Location | Sponsorship | Audio Package |   

A seismic shift is taking place  in the health, wellness, and personal care markets, as consumers, employers,  and even governments search for alternatives to traditional healthcare  treatments.
 
Much of this has been fueled by  aging Baby Boomers, who are the nation’s most affluent demographic.  Out of these 80 million Americans,  controlling nearly 60% of U.S. financial assets, thousands are turning age 60  every day -- and they don’t want to feel like it.
 
What’s more, as Gen Xers and  Millennials watch their parents age, they also seek solutions. Factor in the  65% of Americans who are overweight or obese, and it should be no surprise the  average household spends nearly $150 per month on wellness products and  services.
 
          This  is a growth market you can’t ignore, and you’ll be on the fast track 
           by  attending The Capital Roundtable’s brand‑NEW conference on  
           “Private Equity  Investing in Health, Wellness, & Personal Care 
           Companies,” being  held in New York City on Thursday, May 10.
          Sponsored by The Parthenon Group LLC.
 
           Plus  you’ll feel exceptionally good when you sign up for this 
            conference before March  30.  That’s because you’ll qualify for  our Early 
            Bird Rate, and enjoy a savings of $400.
 
To chair this timely conference, we’re  delighted to welcome Jon Canarick, managing director at North Castle Partners in Greenwich, Connecticut -- the leading  small cap consumer private equity firm focused on health, wellness, and active living  companies.
 
The companies that North Castle,  and this conference, are targeting represent 10% of the overall $10 trillion  consumer market -- a $1 trillion sector all by themselves.  They represent some of today’s most in-demand  consumer categories -- 
 

Recreation and Active Living -- a $300 billion market that emphasizes fitness and activities.
Nutrition -- a $280 billion market including weight management, sports nutrition,       organic and natural foods, vitamins, specialty and gourmet foods, and “lesser       evil” better-for-you snacks.
Consumer Health -- a $120 billion market including home health care, home nursing,       rehabilitation services and alternative medicine.
Beauty       and Personal Care, Sports and Fitness, Education, Pet Care and other areas -- a combined market total of $300 billion.

And while this marketplace is  rich with opportunities, it’s also highly fragmented, making it ideally suited  for middle-market private equity firms who wish to gain a foothold -- or expand  their presence.  
 
There  are excellent possibilities for building market leaders and creating value  through leveraged buyouts, growth capital infusions, and strategic  acquisitions. 
 
Just some recent middle-market activity  includes Bridgepoint Capital’s acquisition of online cycling and tri-sports  retailer Wiggle.  Medallion Capital’s  acquisition of nutrient manufacturer PACA Foods.  And Wind Point Partners’ acquisition of pet  products manufacturer Petmate.
 
Although consumers are certainly  not immune from health and wellness fads -- oxygen bars, “toning” sneakers, and  “cleanse” diets come to mind -- it’s the overall trend that counts, which keeps  on growing.  Modern science is driving  our desires for better nutrition, physical activity and stress management --  and bringing us tastier options for healthy eating.  While category products often carry premium  prices, consumers pushback less when they perceive benefits to their health. 
 
The trend is also enhanced  because consumers have more access to information than ever. Technology has given  consumer advocates rising voices, and consumers are proud to share the healthy  living brands they associate with in their social networks -- further driving  category growth.  
 
This has helped many small brands  that started in the health food or professional channels to quickly gain  prominence in supermarkets and big box stores.
 
The regulatory environment is  similar to other segments of the consumer market with advertising claims of  particular importance.  Newer regulation may bring positive benefits to  the category.  Requirements to post calorie counts on menus can hurt  restaurants but encourage healthy choices.  Or, “sin taxes” on tobacco  products and sugary drinks can encourage greater spending on active living  products. 
20 Health, Wellness, & Personal Care  Specialists 
Have A Prescription For Profits. 
 
Our conference chair Jon Canarick  brings 10 years of consumer private equity investment experience to the dais.  Since joining North Castle Partners in 2001,  Jon has driven the execution of and actively managed North Castle's investments  across a variety of healthy living sectors.  Jon currently sits on the boards of  gloProfessional, Mineral Fusion, Flatout, International Fitness, and  Performance Bicycle.  
 
Prior to joining North Castle, Jon  worked in the Financial Sponsors Coverage and Leveraged Finance groups of Bear,  Stearns & Co., where he executed leveraged buyout transactions and provided  advisory services for financial sponsors.  Jon received a BBA from the University of  Michigan and an MBA from Columbia Business School.
 
Along with Jon, we’ll have a team of 20 knowledgeable  panelists who live with the health,  wellness, and personal care market daily.  You’ll hear from GPs, portfolio company  operating executives, investment bankers, lenders, consultants, and more -- ready  to boost your knowledge of the industry.
 
You’ll hear why the health, wellness, and  personal care channel touches more consumers than many people think.  No longer a New York, California or Oregon  phenomenon, it’s seeing worldwide demand -- across North America, in Europe,  and especially Japan where the population is aging faster than any other  country.
 
And you’ll learn which key issues affect  consumer attitudes toward health, wellness, and personal care.  For example, sustainability is now a key  criterion in purchase decisions.  And  proactive management of health care concerns is an important factor -- consumers  are choosing products that may address such chronic conditions as diabetes and  obesity.
 
Register  now to get the answers to important questions like these --
 

What are the key challenges facing  health, wellness, and personal care companies for 2012? 
How  does the present economic environment affect companies in the sector? 
What  are some of the likely growth areas within health, wellness, and personal care?
As  consumers increasingly have access to prevention and care information, how are  health, wellness, and personal care companies benefiting from this understanding?
How  are lenders approaching health, wellness, and personal care deals, and what  factors are behind their decisions?
What  is the impact of information technology on the sector, and how are companies  distinguishing themselves through their digital and mobile capabilities?
What  are the best practices of managing health, wellness, and personal care portfolio  companies?
How  do you prepare portfolio companies for exits?
Why  is the health, wellness, and personal care space well-positioned within today’s  consumer regulatory environment?
And  much, much more. 

You’ll Enjoy  Excellent Networking Opportunities Throughout the Day.
 
This  conference is an ideal place to build healthy relationships with both peers and  industry professionals.  Our agenda  includes ample time, with session breaks and an open lunch, when you can  exchange ideas and business cards with fellow attendees and featured speakers.
 
You  should attend this conference if  you are a --
 

GP or LP looking to invest in middle-market  health, wellness, and personal care companies. 
New private equity firm considering  investing in health, wellness, and personal care companies. 
Hedge fund manager or venture  capitalist interested in this specialized space. 
Partner or operating executive of a  health, wellness, or personal care company. 
Lender seeking participation in middle-market  health, wellness, and personal care company transactions. 
Investment banker pursuing deals with health,  wellness, and personal care companies. 
Attorney or advisor representing health,  wellness, and personal care companies. 
Executive search professional  recruiting for the private equity industry. 

 
Remember, register  with our Early Bird Rate by March  30, 2012, and you’ll save $400 off our standard fee!  Please make your reservation now so you’re not  disappointed.  We’ll be looking forward  to greeting you.
 
For  more information, please feel free to contact Mara Kane at 212-832-7300 ext. 0  or af@capitalroundtable.com.
 
This  conference is being produced by The Capital Roundtable, America’s leading  conference organization focusing on “need-to-know” information for  professionals in the middle-market private equity community.  For more information about The Capital  Roundtable’s 30 annual conferences and other events and programs, please visit www.capitalroundtable.com.

^ Back to Top ^
Faculty

Chaired By

 Jon  Canarick, Managing Director, North Castle Partners LLC


Hosted By

Burt Alimansky, Managing Partner, Alimansky & Bethell Group, and Chairman, The Capital Roundtable

Speakers 

Michael G. Archbold, President & COO, 
    Vitamin Shoppe Inc.
Michael C. Burgmaier, Managing Director, 
    Silverwood Partners LLC
Scott Elaine Case, Managing Director, VMG Partners
Chris  Ciatto, Chief Executive Officer, Plus One Health Management Inc.
Claudine M. Cohen, Principal, 
    Grant Thornton LLP 
Matthew R. Colucci, Partner,
    Balance Point Capital Partners LP
Jay  Galluzzo, President, Flywheel Sports Inc.
Thomas S. Girardi, Managing Director, 
    HT Capital Advisors LLC
Dawn Hudson, Vice Chaiman, 
    Parthenon Group LLC
Laurence W. Levi, President & CEO, 
    VO2 Partners
Slava Leykind, Vice President, 
    Sawaya Segalas & Co. LLC
Elizabeth F. Lippert, Senior Principal, Parthenon Group LLC
Marc Magliacano, Partner, Catterton Partners 
Louis E. Marinaccio, Managing Director, 
    North Castle Partners LLC
Joan Y. McCabe, Managing Partner, 
    Brynwood Partners LP
Federico G. M. Mennella, Managing Director, 
    Lincoln International LLC
Pamela Mikulec, Senior Advisor, Parthenon Group LLC
Alexander S. Panos, Managing Director, TSG Consumer Partners LLC
Liam Patrick, Partner, Fireman Capital Partners
Jeffrey Pribyl, Vice President, Blackstone Advisory Partners LP 
    

Mitchell F. Schaffer, Principal, Silver Birch Tree Holdings 


Todd  Walter, Chief Executive Officer, Red Door Spas
Additional Speakers To Be Announced



^ Back to Top ^
Schedule
 



Conference
07:30 - 08:30
  08:30 - 09:00
  09:00 - 09:45
  09:45 - 11:00

  11:00 - 11:45
11:45 - 12:45
 

		    12:45 - 01:45
01:45 - 02:45


		    02:45 - 03:45

03:45 - 04:30

		    04:30
 
  


Thursday, May 10, 2012
 Registration, Networking, & Continental Breakfast
Welcoming Remarks & Audience Introductions
Chairman’s Keynote
First Panel -- “From the Trenches – Five Private Equity Investors Report Why They Like Health, Wellness, & Personal Care Companies”
Coffee & Networking Break
Second Panel -- “Sourcing Deal Flow & Financing -- What Four Key Investment Bankers & Lenders Are Telling Their PE Clients About Health, Wellness, & Personal Care  Deals"
  Luncheon & Networking
Third Panel -- “Due Diligence, Deal Structuring, Pricing, & Exits -- Four Top Deal Professionals Explain How They Identify & Navigate the Unique Issues of Health, Wellness, & Personal Care Deals”
Afternoon Keynote -- “Health & Wellness -- It’s a Food Fight!”
  Fourth Panel -- “War Stories -- Perspectives from Senior Executives Who Have Been Through the Cycle”
  Networking & Adjournment




^ Back to Top ^
Registration

Early Bird Registration Fee -- and save $400 off the standard fee! Register by Friday, March 30, and the fee for the conference is $995.


Premiere Registration Fee -- save $200 off the standard fee! Register by Friday, April 20, and the fee for the conference is $1195.


After that, the  standard fee is $1395 for the conference. 


At the door, if space is available, the fee is $1495 for the conference.


 Special group rates -- The Capital Roundtable offers a special discount for 2 or more people.  For more info, please contact Mara Kane at af@capitalroundtable.com or 212-832-7300 ext 0. 





Click Here to Register >>    Purchase Audio Package >>

 

 Visit Audio Library >>     Add to Outlook Calendar >>

 

You can pay by credit card (using the links above) or by check. Mail your check and business card to: New York Business Roundtable Inc., 12 East 44 Street, Penthouse, New York, NY 10017.
If the program is oversubscribed, we will notify you immediately and not charge your credit card.  (If you need to cancel, please do so by Thursday, May 3 at 5:00pm, and we will credit you for a future conference.)

  From time to time, for reasons beyond Capital Roundtable's control, program schedules and speakers become subject to change.  We make every effort to announce substantive changes by email to registrants at least 48 hours in advance.
Have a special question?  Please contact Mara Kane at 212-832-7300 ext.0 or by email at  af@capitalroundtable.com.

^ Back to Top ^
Location

The University Club
  Council Room -- Seventh Floor
  One West 54 Street (at 5th Avenue)
  New York City

^ Back to Top ^
Audio Package

Can't attend but want to hear the program? You can buy the audio package along with the handouts. Purchase the audio package online now.

^ Back to Top ^

Sponsorship
 The Capital Roundtable offers excellent marketing and business development opportunities to reach the middle-market private-equity community .  For
more details, please contact Dana DeMattia at 212-832-7300 or by email at  ddemattia@capitalroundtable.com.
^ Back to Top ^









Change Your Mailing Preferences
		To change your name or email address, or to select the mailings you wish to receive from us, go to our mailing preferences page.
Unsubscribe
		To unsubscribe from our mailings, go to our unsubscribe page. You may also unsubscribe by replying to this email and putting unsubscribe in the subject line or by writing to us at: Capital Roundtable, 12 East 44th Street, Penthouse, New York, NY 10017.
You are subscribed as [EMAIL]
 

No part of this text may be reproduced or otherwise published without the express written consent of The Capital Roundtable.
	    ©2010New York Business Roundtable Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
.  .















VO2 Partners VI LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











VO2 Partners VI LLC
List of persons related to the company VO2 Partners VI LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of VO2 Partners VI LLC.

CIK Number: 0001678269IRS Number: 300943989Company address: 450 LEXINGTON AVENUE  NEW YORK 10017Phone number: 212-207-8777



People related to VO2 Partners VI LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryPetersen  Andersc/o VO2 Partners LLC 450 Lexington AvenueNew YorkNYN/A  Gary Comer Inc.20875 Crossroads Circle Suite 100WaukeshaWIW. Levi  Laurencec/o VO2 Partners LLC 450 Lexington AvenueNew YorkNYN/A  Max Att LLCc/o VO2 Partners LLC 450 Lexington AvenueNew YorkNYN/A  VO2 Partners LLC450 Lexington Avenue New YorkNY




VO2 Partners VI LLC on the Web
Related companiesVO2 Dollar Stores, LLC, VO2 PARTNERS I LLC, VO2 Partners II LLC, VO2 Partners III LLC, VO2 Partners IV LLC, VO2 Partners V LLC












 








VO2 Dollar Stores, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











VO2 Dollar Stores, LLC
List of persons related to the company VO2 Dollar Stores, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of VO2 Dollar Stores, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001556515Company address: 2812 N. NORWALK ST., STE. 106  MESA 85215Phone number: (480) 264-9600



People related to VO2 Dollar Stores, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMoore  Brian2812 N. Norwalk St., Suite 106 MesaAZVerhaaren  Robert2812 N. Norwalk St., Suite 106 MesaAZ




VO2 Dollar Stores, LLC on the Web
Related companiesVO2 PARTNERS I LLC, VO2 Partners II LLC, VO2 Partners III LLC, VO2 Partners IV LLC, VO2 Partners V LLC, VO2 Partners VI LLC












 








Acquisition of a Controlling Interest in Mission Product Holdings LLC by VO2 Partners and Fremont Private Holdings  | Loeb & Loeb













































Add to PDF Binder
Remove
PDF Binder
Share


LinkedIn
Facebook
Follow on Twitter
Google+
Email




X
PDF Binder

The PDF Binder tool allows users to download select information about our firm, professionals and capabilities. The information may be exported to a PDF, which can be printed, or sent via an email that includes a set of links.
To add a page to your customized binder, select "Add to Binder" at the top of any page. You may select as many pages as you would like to export or email. Once you have compiled your binder, please click on the binder icon, which will show you how many items you have selected. You may then choose to export the information or email the set of links.
















SEARCH


CLOSE

Quick links



Search entire site for:









Locations

| 

Publications & News

| 

Events

| 

Careers

| 

Connect






Professionals

| 

Capabilities

| 

Experience

| 

About Us








CLOSE




A
|
B
|
C
|
D
|
E
|
F
|
G
|
H
|
I
|
J
|
K
|
L
|
M
|
N
|
O
|
P
|
Q
|
R
|
S
|
T
|
U
|
V
|
W
|
X
|
Y
|
Z












Capability
Advanced Media and Technology
Advertising and Promotions
Advertising Disputes
Antitrust
Asia
Bankruptcy Litigation
Bankruptcy, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights
Branded Entertainment
Capital Markets
China Litigation, Enforcement and Arbitration Response (CLEAR) Team
Climate Change, Energy and Sustainability
Commercial Real Estate Leasing
Consumer Action and Regulatory Defense
Corporate
Corporate Governance
Corporate Media and Entertainment
Corporate Trust and Agency
Cybersecurity and Internet Safety
Digital and Social Media
Employment and Labor
Energy
Energy M&A, Securities and Finance
Energy Project Development and Finance
Energy Regulatory and Litigation
Entertainment and IP Litigation
Entertainment and Media
Entertainment Finance
Environmental
Equipment Leasing
Estate, Gift and Income Tax Planning
Executive Compensation and Employee Benefits
FDA Regulatory and Compliance
Finance
Financial Services
Fine Arts
gTLD Development and Response Team
Health and Wellness Marketing Compliance
Healthcare
Higher Education
Hospitality
Initial, Secondary and Alternative Public Offerings
Insurance Coverage and Defense
Intellectual Property
Interactive Media, Virtual and Augmented Reality
International Trust and Estate Planning
Land Use
Life Sciences
Life Sciences Patent Litigation and Counseling
Litigation
Marketing and Advertising Regulatory
Media, Entertainment and Tech Corporate Convergence
Mergers and Acquisitions
Music Industry
Natural Gas
Nonprofits and Tax-Exempt Organizations
Nuclear Energy
Patent Litigation and Counseling
Payments Technology
Privacy, Security and Data Optimization
Private Equity
Private Investments in Public Equity (PIPEs)
Private Placements
Professional Services Litigation
Public Sector Litigation
Real Estate
Real Estate Acquisitions, Dispositions and Joint Ventures
Real Estate Finance
Real Estate Litigation
Renewable Energy
Retail and Consumer Brands
Sale and Purchase of Assets in Distressed Situations
Securities Litigation and Enforcement
Sports
Structured Finance and Securitization
Talent
Tax
Tax Controversy and Litigation
Tax Controversy and Litigation
Technology and Outsourcing
Television
Theater
Trademarks and Copyrights
Trust and Estate Administration
Trust and Estate Litigation
Trusts and Estates
Unsecured Creditors' Committees
Venture Capital
Western Europe Corporate
White Collar Criminal Defense and Investigations

Office
Beijing
Chicago
Hong Kong
Los Angeles
Nashville
New York
Washington, DC




                                Search our professionals alphabetically by last name, or by using filters with the advanced search.
                                
                            













CLOSE





Advanced Media and Technology  + 
                                    

Asia  + 
                                    

Bankruptcy, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights  + 
                                    

Capital Markets  + 
                                    

Corporate  + 
                                    

Employment and Labor


Energy  + 
                                    

Entertainment and Media  + 
                                    



Finance  + 
                                    

Intellectual Property  + 
                                    

Life Sciences  + 
                                    

Litigation  + 
                                    

Nonprofits and Tax-Exempt Organizations


Patent Litigation and Counseling  + 
                                    

Private Equity




Pro Bono


Real Estate  + 
                                    

Regulatory, Compliance and White Collar  + 
                                    

Sports


Tax  + 
                                    

Trusts and Estates  + 
                                    

Industry Focus  + 
                                    



















CLOSE



Select a capability to see 
Loeb & Loeb's related matters or explore our experience by conducting a search by keyword, capability and/or industry.

Explore Our Experience





Advanced Media and Technology


Asia


Bankruptcy, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights


Capital Markets


Corporate




Employment and Labor


Energy


Entertainment and Media


Finance


Intellectual Property




Litigation


Private Equity


Real Estate


Tax


Trusts and Estates













CLOSE




In Depth
Service Approach
Diversity and Inclusion
Community Involvement
Firm History




Highlights















CONNECT THE DOTS
Our 3-minute Loeb & Loeb video shows you just how we're all connected.
Watch it now.


















WE'RE ALL CONNECTED 
That's the fitting title of the new book we wrote on connectivity and client stories. 
Have a look.


















SEARCH OUR EXPERIENCE













Search Our Experience



Acquisition of a Controlling Interest in Mission Product Holdings LLC by VO2 Partners and Fremont Private Holdings 

                                        Represented VO2 Partners, LLC and Fremont Private Holdings, LLC in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest in Mission Product Holdings, LLC. Mission offers innovative and proprietary products designed to support athletes and health-conscious, active consumers. Its product lines consist of cooling products, grip solutions and skincare products for men, women and youth.
                                        
                                    




MEET THE TEAM







                                                            Ross D. Emmerman
                                                        
Partner




312.464.3357










                                                            Ronelle C. Porter
                                                        
Partner




212.407.4110










                                                            David J. Levine
                                                        
Partner




212.407.4923










                                                            William J. Voller III
                                                        
Partner




312.464.3143










                                                            Marla Aspinwall
                                                        
Partner




310.282.2377










                                                            Alan J. Tarr
                                                        
Co-Chair, Tax




212.407.4900





RELATED CAPABILITIES

Corporate
Mergers and Acquisitions
Retail and Consumer Brands
Sports



RELATED INDUSTRIES

Consumer Products
Sports


















© LOEB & LOEB LLP
|
Terms Of Use|Privacy Policy|
EMPLOYEE LOGIN


This Web site may constitute "Attorney Advertising" under the New York Rules of Professional Conduct and under the law of other jurisdictions. Your use of our Web site or its facilities constitutes your acceptance of the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.





Chinese Site >






SITEMAP



PROFESSIONALS
CAPABILITIES
EXPERIENCE
ABOUT US 
                                                        
IN DEPTH
SERVICE APPROACH
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
FIRM HISTORY 





LOCATIONS

PUBLICATIONS


CASES OF INTEREST




EVENTS


CLE CORNER



CONNECT

LinkedIn
Facebook
Follow on Twitter
Subscribe to RSS
YouTube 


MOBILE SITE






















Alpine Partners VI LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























alpine partners vi llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Alpine Partners VI, LLC operates as an investment management services. The Company offers fundamental research, risk and asset management, and consulting services. Alpine Partners VI serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

140 Broadway
38th Floor
New York, NY 10005
United States


Phone:
1-646-666-9411


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.alpineglobal.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































CapitalRoundtableFoodandNutritionPrivateEquityConference














MasterClassTM










Join Our Mailing List | Audio Packages | Contact Us | Our Homepage









Sponsor      

Association Partners



Research Partners


Media Partner      

Partial List of 
Past Attendees
1-800-Flowers.com  Inc.
Akoya  Capital Partners LLC
AlixPartners  LLP
Allscope  Media
Alvarez  & Marsal Holdings LLC
Alvarez  & Marsal Transaction Advisory Group LLC
American  Beverage Corp.
Anchin  Capital Advisors LLC
Angelo  Gordon & Co. LP
Apple &  Eve LLC
Apta Capital  LLC
Arlon Group  LLC
Baker Tilly  Virchow Krause LLP
Bank of the  West
Barnhorn  Growth Advisors
BB&T  Capital Markets
BDO USA LLP
Beekman  Group LLC
Beverage  Business Insights
Billow  Butler & Co. LLC
Biscuits  Leclerc Ltd.
Blake  Cassels & Graydon LLP
BMO Harris  Sponsor Finance
Bollinger  Wells Lett & Co. Inc.
Bruckmann  Rosser Sherrill & Co. LLC
Brynwood  Partners LP
C. W. Downer  & Co. LLC
Cabrera  Capital Markets LLC
Capital A  Partners
Capital One  NA
Carter Morse  & Mathias
Cascadia  Capital LLC
CCC  Investment Banking
CDC Software  Corp.
Celebration  Foods Inc.
Centerview  Capital Consumer
Charlesbank  Capital Partners LLC
Chatham  Capital Partners Inc.
CIT Group  Inc.
Claridge  Foods
Clemens  Family Corp.
Cogent Group  LLC
Colliers  International Inc.
Colliers  International Inc. 
Columbus  Foods Inc.
Covington  & Burling LLP
Crucial  Quest LLC
David N.  Deutsch & Co. LLC
Davis &  Gilbert LLP
Del Monte  Foods
Deloitte  & Touche LLP
Dickstein  Shapiro LLP
Direct  Digital LLC
Dryden  Investments LLC
Duff &  Phelps LLC
Empeiria  Capital Partners LLC
Encore  Consumer Capital
Ernst &  Young Capital Advisors LLC
Ernst &  Young LLP
ETC Capital  LLC
Faegre Baker  Daniels LLP
First  Atlantic Capital Ltd. 
Flaherty  & O'Hara PC
Food  Institute
Founders  Equity Inc.
Freeborn  & Peters LLP
Frontenac  Co. LLC
GE Capital
George K.  Baum Capital Advisors LLC
George  Weston Ltd.
Ghafari  Associates LLC
Golden Boy  Foods Ltd.
Grant  Thornton LLP
Grassi &  Co.
Gryphon  Investors
Hahn Loeser  & Parks LLP
Harris  Williams & Co.
HT Capital  Advisors LLC
Humus  Capital Partners LLC
Institute of  Culinary Education
J. W. Childs  Associates LP
KeyBanc  Capital Markets Inc.
KG  Associates
Kincannon  & Reed Inc.
KKR Capstone 
Kua Mex  Foods
Landis Rath  & Cobb LLP
LaSalle  Capital Group
Latham &  Watkins LLP
Lazard  Middle Market LLC
Lincoln  International LLC
Lincolnshire  Management Inc.
LJS  Consulting LLC
Lucas Group  Inc.
Luther King  Capital Management Corp.
MamaMancinis  LLC
McGladrey
McKeeCo.  Services LLC
Morton  Capital LLC
Nassau Candy  Inc.
Navistrate  LLC
NewStar  Financial Inc. 
Nielsen Co.
Nixon  Peabody LLP
North Castle  Partners LLC
Olam  Americas Inc.
Orrick  Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP
Parkway  Capital Investors LLC
Parthenon  Group LLC
Pepper  Hamilton LLP
Plante &  Moran PLLC
Plex Systems  Inc.
Pohlad  Companies Inc.
Profit  Velocity Solutions
R&R  Ventures Inc.
Rabo  Securities USA Inc.
Rich  Products Corp.
RMH Foods  LLC
Robert W.  Baird & Co. Inc.
RSR Partners
S. H. Martin  & Co. Inc.
Salus  Capital Partners LLC
Sawaya  Segalas & Co. LLC
Scott-Macon  Ltd.
Solar  Capital Ltd.
SOLEX Fine  Foods LLC
Stifel  Investment Banking
Sunny  Delight Beverages Co.
SunTrust  Robinson Humphrey Inc.
Swander Pace  Capital LLC
Switch  Beverage Co.
The Deal LLC
Thompson  Brands LLC
TorQuest  Partners Inc.
TPG Growth
Trinity  Capital LLC
TSG Consumer  Partners LLC
Villa  Enterprises Management Ltd. Inc.
Vivaldi  Partners Group
VO2 Partners
WeiserMazars  LLP
William G.  Roe & Sons Inc.
Windjammer  Capital Investors LLC
Yale School  of Management
 
 





Clear the date April 10 on your calendar!
CLICK HERE now to register before it's too late!
 
Attention -- Middle-Market Private Equity 
& Mezzanine & BDC Investors & Lenders 
 
ENCORE CONFERENCE  
 
 
Private Equity Investing 
In Food & Nutrition Companies
How Fast-Evolving Consumer Attitudes
Are Sparking Fresh Investment Opportunities
 
Register  Now
 
CHAIRED BY
Joan Y. McCabe, Managing Partner
Brynwood Partners LP
 
 
FULL-DAY CONFERENCE
Thursday, April 10, 2014
8:00 am – 5:00 pm
At  The University Club
 New York City
 
MARQUIS SPONSOR
The Parthenon Group
Dawn E. Hudson
Greg Miller
Andres Saenz
 
Featuring 20 Expert Speakers
James M. Bertram, William Blair & Co. LLC
Brian O. Boyle, D. A. Davidson & Co.
Sarah Ashmore Bradley,  Kainos Capital LLC
Michelle S. Brooks,  Arlon Group LLC
Michael J. Faherty Jr., NewStar Financial Inc.
Pedro Garcia, Sawaya Segalas & Co. LLC
Josh Goldin, Alliance Consumer Growth
Christopher R. Growe, Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Inc.
Hitesh Hajarnavis,  Popcorn Indiana
Frederick J. Horowitz, NetGrocer
Dawn E. Hudson, The Parthenon Group
Greg Miller, The Parthenon Group
Kevin Mundt, Vestar Capital Partners
Jay Novak, Houlihan Lokey
Alexander S. Panos, TSG Consumer Partners LLC
Anders B. Petersen, VO2 Partners
Matthew P. Preece, Deloitte Corporate Finance LLC
Kurt M. Roth, Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.
Andres Saenz, The Parthenon Group
Timothy Shanley, Victoria Fine Foods
Bill Shen, Encore Consumer Capital
Lance P. Stier, Nassau Candy Confections
 
 
Click Here to Register >>   Purchase Audio Package >>


   Visit Audio Library >>    Add to Outlook Calendar >>

 
Designed  to Meet the Needs of GPs, LPs, & Managers of Buyout, Growth Equity,  Mezzanine, BDC, and Lending Funds, as Well as Independent Sponsors, Operating  Partners, Portfolio Company Managers, and the Bankers, Lawyers, Accountants, &  Other Advisors Who Support Them
 

Faculty | Schedule | Registration | Location | Sponsorship | Audio Package |   

More  and more manufacturers and retailers are publishing ingredient lists, labeling  nutritional contents, avoiding GMOs, disclosing portion sizes, advertising “organic”  and “fresh” and “natural” and “local” -- and successfully using that  information to market to consumers. 
 
This  is a long-term sustainable trend -- and the proof is in the deteriorating revenues  of makers of sugary soft drinks and high-fat snack items. 
 
Offenders  face a double whammy -- consumers are no longer buying as much, and retailers  are reducing shelf space in favor of better-for-you products.
 
Private  label is another area where food makers are finding great promise. 
 
Many  retailers -- apart from traditional grocery stores -- are entering the  good-for-you marketplace, and all are seeking their own private labels to act  as brand differentiators. And not  surprisingly, these merchants are generating higher profits because they hire contract  packagers to produce products similar to branded cereals (think corn flakes) or  commodity products like nuts (think chocolate almonds) that command higher  margins.
 
The reasons are clear why investors are pursuing food and  nutrition deals --

Multiples in the U.S. average 13.8 for food deals versus 11.2 for  all middle-market deals.
PE firms invested over $42 billion in food deals last year,  compared to just $3.2 billion in 2012.
Diet preferences for natural ingredients, whole grains, and high  fiber have spread from major metropolitan areas to the entire country.

The  question is, how do investors separate fads from real opportunities?  Not every maker or marketer of niche food  products, no matter how effective, has the staying power to become a successful  concern. There’s still need for heavy due diligence, especially in the  nutraceutical space where regulation is a constant concern.
 
If you’re hungry for success in this  rewarding marketplace, you need to Register Now for The Capital Roundtable’s ENCORE  conference -- “Private Equity Investing in Food & Nutrition Companies” --  being held in New York City on Thursday, April 10.
 
At this  year’s conference, we will zero in on the impact to food and nutrition  investing from consumers’ new ways of shopping-- 

Millennials are loading up on nutritional items via next-day  delivery websites such as Amazon. 
Working couples are ordering their fresh and frozen items through  home delivery services like Peapod or Fresh Direct. 
And busy professionals are grabbing soups and sandwiches and even  fresh bananas from food trucks and stores like Walgreens, Walmart, and Target.  

America’s  changing demographics are also giving a boost to ethnic foods. Millennials are  overwhelmingly more likely to cook ethnic meals than their parents, and have  taste palates conditioned to appreciate world flavors, spices, and textures. 
 
So  chia seeds and ancient grains have migrated overseas to American shelves and  found rapid acceptance.
 
Then  there’s the non-meat protein trend.  Producers  of soy-based and other protein alternatives are beneficiaries of this trend,  aided by the many Americans who don’t wish to become total vegetarians/vegans  but do want to reduce their meat consumption -- often called “flexitarians.” 
 
Similarly,  the push to find alternatives to wheat, rye, and barley has powered up the  gluten-free category, where many investors are making big bets.
 
As  a natural corollary, investing in food ingredient companies is just as  promising.  For example, the growth of  protein bars has produced rewards not just for their manufacturers, but also  for the companies supplying whey protein … plant fiber … and similar showcase  ingredients.
 
Here are 6 important reasons you should Register Now for this encore Capital Roundtable conference,  “Private Equity Investing in Food & Nutrition Companies”--

Understand  how to identify product categories where nimble private equity-backed companies  can better meet consumer needs than slow-moving processed foods giants.
Hear details  why better-for-you products are such an important place for investors to be  during 2014.
Learn the  likelihood of new government regulations on natural and organic labeling, portion  sizing, and more.
Discover  which events are shaking up the marketplace, such as Whole Foods’ recent pledge  to put GMO products on notice.
Recognize  how and why private label market share is rising as the perceived value  differential shrinks.
Know why foreign  investors are joining the pool of U.S.-based PE firms and strategic buyers  potential exits include not only U.S.-based PE firms and strategic buyers, but  also foreign investors who want a footprint here.

The Capital  Roundtable welcomes and thanks our Marquis  Sponsor -- the strategic consulting firm, The Parthenon Group.
 
With  offices in Boston, London, Mumbai, and San Francisco, Parthenon is the  strategic advisor of choice for leading private equity firms and their  portfolio companies.  The firm is  committed to offering its clients life-long partnerships, a high-impact  customized approach, and a willingness to go at-risk for a portion of its fees.
 
Register Now to Reconnect with Joan McCabe & 20  PE Food Experts
 
Returning  to chair this encore conference is Joan McCabe, managing partner at Brynwood Partners in  Greenwich, Conn.  Brynwood is a middle-market private equity firm that makes  control investments in the consumer sector with enterprise values between $25  and $125 million.
 
Joan has been affiliated with Brynwood since 1997 and  is a managing partner in funds IV, V and VI. Before Brynwood, she spent 15  years on Wall Street, with Kidder Peabody, Drexel Burnham, and Paine Webber. She  earned degrees from Yale College and Harvard Business School. 
 
This  conference on April 10th will bring you three informal panel  discussions and feature shared insights from top PE professionals, plus two formal  keynote presentations and two informal “chats.”  You  will hear real-world perspectives, lessons learned, and industry outlooks, plus  insights on managing current portfolio companies. 
 
You’ll also  hear about notable middle-market industry deals, such as --

Vestar Capital  Partners’ acquisition of American Roland Food Corp., a producer of specialty  grains, sauces, and condiments. 
Arlon Group’s  investment in The Chia Company, the largest marketer and distributor of chia  seeds worldwide. 
Brynwood Partners’ acquisition from ConAgra of Lightlife  Foods, a producer of frozen and refrigerated meat alternatives.
Campbell Soup Company’s purchase of Plum  Organics, a leading provider of organic baby and toddler foods, from Catterton  Partners.
WhiteWave Foods’ purchase of Earthbound Farm,  the largest organic produce brand in the U.S., from Kainos Capital.

By Registering Now to attend this Capital Roundtable conference,  you’ll be well poised to act on the very best middle-market deal opportunities  of 2014. We’ll answer questions such as --

Which specific subsectors within  food and nutrition are likely to provide the best returns during 2014?
What makes the food and  nutrition space so attractive for middle-market PE investors today and what  factors may impact its future growth?
How can first-time investors in the space avoid traps and  pitfalls? 
How eager are lenders to finance deals in this space?
What are the metrics and  valuation guidelines that can help you judge a middle-market food and nutrition  deal?
How should you evaluate commodity risk when purchasing food and  nutrition companies?
What are some of the  pitfalls affecting manufacturers in how and where ingredients are sourced?
What are the misconceptions about  middle-market food and nutrition investing -- and what is the reality? 
What  upcoming trends have the potential to shake up the food and nutrition industry?
What have been some recent  notable deals with middle-market food and nutrition companies?
What are the ways social media can enhance performance and buzz  for food and nutrition companies? 
What are the most  important things a firm has to get right when exiting a food and nutrition  investment?

The day’s  agenda includes ample time to let you --

Meet  fellow attendees and featured speakers
Enhance  your personal database with valuable connections
Share both ideas and business cards
If  you’re an attorney or advisor -- meet new potential clients
If  you work as an executive search professional -- meet potential prospects

Register Now to Receive Our Early Bird  Discount
 
You will  benefit from a generous rate of $400 off our regular price by making your  reservations for this conference before February 14, 2014.
 
Keep in  mind this conference is certain to fill up quickly, so you’ll want to register  as soon as possible to assure yourself a seat. To avoid disappointment, please  contact Hallie Watson today to confirm your attendance at 212-832-7300 ext. 0  or hwatson@capitalroundtable.com. 
 
We look forward to having you join us  on April 10!
 
This conference is being produced by  The Capital Roundtable, America’s leading conference organization focusing on  “need-to-know” information for professionals in the middle-market private  equity community.  For more information  about The Capital Roundtable’s 30 annual conferences and  other events and programs, please visit www.capitalroundtable.com.
****
 
SPONSORSHIP  OPPORTUNITIES
 
We offer excellent marketing and business development  opportunities to reach the middle‑market private equity community. For more  details, please contact Claire Notton, 212-832-7300 ext. 117,  cnotton@capitalroundtable.com.

^ Back to Top ^
Faculty

Chaired By

Joan Y. McCabe, Managing Partner, Brynwood Partners LP  

Hosted By

Burt Alimansky, Chairman & CEO, The Capital Roundtable

Speakers

James M. Bertram, Managing Dir. & Head--Consumer & Retail I-Banking, William Blair & Co. LLC
Brian O. Boyle, Managing Director, D. A. Davidson & Co.
Sarah Ashmore Bradley, Partner, Kainos Capital LLC
Michelle S. Brooks, Managing Principal, Arlon Group LLC
Michael J. Faherty Jr., Director, NewStar Financial Inc.
Pedro Garcia, Managing Director, Sawaya Segalas & Co. LLC
Josh Goldin, Co-Founder & Managing Partner, Alliance Consumer Growth
Christopher R. Growe, Managing Director, Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Inc.
Hitesh Hajarnavis, Chief Executive Officer, Popcorn Indiana
Frederick J. Horowitz, Founding Investor & Former CEO, NetGrocer
Dawn E. Hudson, Vice Chairman, The Parthenon Group
Greg Miller, Partner, The Parthenon Group
Kevin Mundt, Managing Director, Vestar Capital Partners
Jay Novak, Managing Director, Houlihan Lokey
Alexander S. Panos, Managing Director, TSG Consumer Partners LLC
Anders B. Petersen, Partner, VO2 Partners
Matthew P. Preece, Managing Director, Deloitte Corporate Finance LLC
Kurt M. Roth, Managing Director, Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.
Andres Saenz, Partner & Co-Head--PE Practice, The Parthenon Group
Timothy Shanley, Chief Executive Officer, Victoria Fine Foods
Bill Shen, Director, Encore Consumer Capital
Lance P. Stier, President, Nassau Candy Confections

 
Additional speakers to be announced
 

^ Back to Top ^
Schedule
 


 
  




07:30-8:15
Networking & Registration & Breakfast


08:15-09:00
Welcoming Remarks & Audience Self-Introductions


09:00-09:30
Chairman's  Keynote -- PE Ivesting in Food & Nutrition -- Why is it Attractive Today?

Joan Y. McCabe, Brynwood Partners LP



09:30-10:30
Panel 1 -- Avoiding Food & Nutrition Fads -- Four PE Investors Discuss Investing Wisely & Adding Value to Their Portfolios


10:30-11:15
Networking & Breakfast


11:15-12:00
Morning Chat -- Contract Packaging & Private Label -- Why is it of Interest to PE Investors?


12:00-12:30
Morning  Keynote --

Dawn Hudson, The Parthenon Group


12:30-01:30
Networking & Luncheon


01:30-02:30
Panel 2 -- Skyrocketing Multiples -- Four Dealmakers Discuss  How They Cope With Today’s Pricing


02:30-02:45
Networking & Dessert


02:45-03:30
Afternoon Chat -- Pitfalls, Trends, & Regulations to be Aware of When Investing in Food & Nutrition


03:30-04:30
Panel 3 -- From the Trenches -- War Stories from PE Operating Partners  & CEOs of Food & Nutrition Portfolio Companies


04:30
Networking & Adjournment






^ Back to Top ^
Registration


Early Bird Registration Fee -- and save $400 off the standard fee! Register by Friday, February 14, and the fee for the conference is $995.


Premiere Registration Fee -- save $200 off the standard fee! Register by Friday, March 7, and the fee for the conference is $1195.

 

After that, the  standard fee is $1395 for the conference. 

 

At the door, if space is available, the fee is $1495 for the conference.

 

Special group rates -- The Capital Roundtable offers a special discount for 2 or more people.  For more info, please contact Hallie Watson hwatson@capitalroundtable.com or 212-832-7300 ext 0. 




Click Here to Register >>    Purchase Audio Package >>

 

 Visit Audio Library >>     Add to Outlook Calendar >>

 

You can pay by credit card (using the links above) or by check. Mail your check and business card to: New York Business Roundtable Inc., 12 East 44 Street, Penthouse, New York, NY 10017.
If the program is oversubscribed, we will notify you immediately and not charge your credit card.  (If you need to cancel, please do so by Thursday, April 3 at 5:00pm, and we will credit you for a future MasterClass.)

  From time to time, for reasons beyond Capital Roundtable's control, program schedules and speakers become subject to change.  We make every effort to announce substantive changes by email to registrants at least 48 hours in advance.
Have a special question?  Please contact Hallie Watson hwatson@capitalroundtable.com or 212-832-7300 ext 0.

^ Back to Top ^
Location

The University Club
College Hall -- First Floor
One West 54 Street (at 5th Avenue)
New York City
(Jacket and tie required)

^ Back to Top ^
Audio Package

Can't attend but want to hear the program? You can buy the audio package along with the handouts. Purchase the audio package online now.

^ Back to Top ^

Sponsorship
We offer excellent marketing and  business development opportunities to reach the middle‑market private equity  community. For more details, please contact Claire Notton at 212-832-7300 ext.  117, or by email at cnotton@capitalroundtable.com.
^ Back to Top ^









Change Your Mailing Preferences
		To change your name or email address, or to select the mailings you wish to receive from us, go to our mailing preferences page.
Unsubscribe
		To unsubscribe from our mailings, go to our unsubscribe page. You may also unsubscribe by replying to this email and putting unsubscribe in the subject line or by writing to us at: Capital Roundtable, 12 East 44th Street, Penthouse, New York, NY 10017.
You are subscribed as [EMAIL]
 

No part of this text may be reproduced or otherwise published without the express written consent of The Capital Roundtable.
	    ©2010New York Business Roundtable Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
.  .

















Mission Athletecare | VO2 Partners




































 








Navigation



Home
Investment Criteria
Team
What We Do
Portfolio
Contact
 





Mission Athletecare









 

 



 




  Based in New York City, Mission Athletecare was co-founded by elite athletes including Serena Williams, Dwyane Wade and David Wright. The company designs, develops and distributes branded sports equipment and accessories focused on patent-protected thermoregulating textiles in its apparel, towels and accessories. The company’s products are carried by retailers including Dick’s Sporting Goods, The Sports Authority, Lowe’s, Target and Kohl’s.
mission.com













 












VO2 Max | VO2 Partners




































 








Navigation



Home
Investment Criteria
Team
What We Do
Portfolio
Contact
 







VO2Max=Q(CaO2-CvO2)The VO2 Maximum test (“VO2 Max”) measures the body’s maximum capacity to utilize oxygen.
Just as profit margin and revenue growth are the definitive metrics of assessing financial performance and the EBITDA multiple is the definitive metric for assessing value in an M&A transaction, VO2 Max is the definitive metric for assessing athletic performance.








 












The Chia Company | VO2 Partners




































 








Navigation



Home
Investment Criteria
Team
What We Do
Portfolio
Contact
 





The Chia Company









 



 




  Based in New York City, The Chia Company is the world’s largest producer of chia seeds. The Chia Company has the only fully traceable global supply chain for chia, with a full line of chia seeds and prepared foods including the Chia Pod. The company’s products can be found at major national retailers including Kroger, Whole Foods Market, Publix and Costco among others.  The company is also the preferred supplier of chia seed to food manufacturers around the globe.
thechiaco.com













 












Contact | VO2 Partners




































 








Navigation



Home
Investment Criteria
Team
What We Do
Portfolio
Contact
 







Get in touch with us.Find us.450 Lexington Ave, 4th Floor
New York, NY 10017Call us.212.207.8777Email us.Laurence LeviPartnerllevi@vo2partners.com
 
Anders PetersenPartnerapetersen@vo2partners.com
 
Adam FleishmanSenior Associateafleishman@vo2partners.com









Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 










 













VO2 Partners | Smart Money.  Healthy Companies



































VO2 Partners

 








Navigation



Home
Investment Criteria
Team
What We Do
Portfolio
Contact
 











 





Smart Money. 
		

Healthy Companies. 
		

VO2 Partners is an investment firm focused exclusively on companies in the active & healthy living sector. 
		




 



VO2Max=Q(CaO2-CvO2) what’s this?Our team of operating partners includes leading entrepreneurs and executives with deep expertise in the active & healthy living sector and the ability to help companies reach the next level.Meet The TeamWhat We DoVO2 Partners works with company owners to maximize the value of their business and to provide liquidity.  With flexibility in our transaction structures and the duration of our investment, we work with you to craft an optimal partnership, whether you are seeking to drive further growth with us as your partner, or exploring an exit from your business.Successful Operating PartnersOur team of leading entrepreneurs and executives has an extraordinary track record of success at launching, growing and selling companies in the active & healthy living sector. We understand the challenges you face as an entrepreneur. We bring additional resources and deep operating and strategic expertise to help you surmount those challenges, grow faster, and reduce your risk.Deep Sector ExpertiseWe strongly believe that consumers’ powerful interest in products that make them feel healthier, fitter and more active will continue to create highly attractive investment returns, and we focus exclusively on that sector. So we “get it:” we don’t need to get up to speed on your challenges and opportunities, because we are immersed in them everyday. And our sole focus on this sector enables us to bring sector specific relationships and resources to your firm and gives us penetrating insights into how to accelerate your growth and strategically fortify your business.Flexible CapitalBacked by the founders of a multi-billion dollar branded consumer products company, we have wide flexibility to partner with you using whatever structure works best: minority investment, majority investment or outright acquisition. And the duration of our investment is flexible as well, with no pre-set holding period for the length of our investment.Maximizing Your ValueWe have bought and sold companies as business owners; as investors; and as investment bankers. We understand how to strategically fortify companies through creating and executing growth initiatives. And we understand how to optimally position companies to create maximum value upon sale.VO2 Partners SolutionsWe seek to partner with existing management teams, but we can also provide executive management resources from our team of Operating Partners if you are looking to broaden your management team, seeking certain expertise, or if some members of the existing management team are seeking an exit.Growth CapitalOur capital funds your organic growth opportunities (including inventory, product line extensions, R&D, or distribution and sourcing enhancements), strategic acquisitions, and/or the reduction of financial leverage, improving the risk profile of your business and positioning your company for future growth.Partial SaleWe acquire a portion – minority or majority – of your equity, enabling you to take some money off the table and diversify your net worth, while still maintaining significant ownership and upside potential from future equity gains. You can continue to run the business with access to our deep pool of executive talent to augment your team, or work with us to provide a successor.Outright SaleWe acquire all of your equity, enabling you to diversify your net worth and move on with the confidence that your company will continue to grow and prosper in the right hands.Read MoreBacked by family office capital, we focus exclusively on investing in rapidly growing companies in the active & healthy living sector.Investment CriteriaOur PortfolioView Our PortfolioThe Chia CompanyNovember 12, 2015Mission AthletecareNovember 9, 2015G-FormMay 18, 2015ContactFind us.450 Lexington Ave, 4th Floor
New York, NY 10017Call us.212.207.8777Email us.Laurence Levi – Partner
llevi@vo2partners.com
Anders Petersen – Partner
apetersen@vo2partners.com
Adam Fleishman – Associate
afleishman@vo2partners.com








 













What We Do | VO2 Partners




































 








Navigation



Home
Investment Criteria
Team
What We Do
Portfolio
Contact
 







What We DoVO2 Partners works with company owners to maximize the value of their business and to provide liquidity. With flexibility in our transaction structures and the duration of our investment, we work with you to craft an optimal partnership, whether you are seeking to drive further growth with us as your partner, or exploring an exit from your business.Connector.Successful Operating PartnersOur team of leading entrepreneurs and executives has an extraordinary track record of success at launching, growing and selling companies in the active & healthy living sector. We understand the challenges you face as an entrepreneur. We bring additional resources and deep operating and strategic expertise to help you surmount those challenges, grow faster, and reduce your risk.Connector.Deep Sector ExpertiseWe strongly believe that consumers’ powerful interest in products that make them feel healthier, fitter and more active will continue to create highly attractive investment returns, and we focus exclusively on that sector. We don’t need to get up to speed on your challenges and opportunities, because we are immersed in them everyday.  Our sole focus on this sector enables us to bring sector specific relationships and resources to your firm and gives us penetrating insights into how to accelerate your growth and strategically fortify your business.Connector.Flexible CapitalBacked entirely by family office capital, we have wide flexibility to partner with you using whatever structure works best: minority investment, majority investment or outright acquisition. And the duration of our investment is flexible as well, with no pre-set holding period for the length of our investment.Connector.Maximizing Your ValueWe have bought and sold companies as business owners, as investors, and as investment bankers. We understand how to strategically fortify companies through creating and executing growth initiatives. And we understand how to optimally position companies to create maximum value upon sale.VO2 Partners SolutionsWe seek to partner with existing management teams, but we can also provide executive management resources from our team of Operating Partners if you are looking to broaden your management team, seeking certain expertise, or if some members of the existing management team are seeking an exit.Connector.Growth CapitalOur capital funds your organic growth opportunities (including inventory, product line extensions, R&D, or distribution and sourcing enhancements), strategic acquisitions, and/or the reduction of financial leverage, improving the risk profile of your business and positioning your company for future growth.Connector.Partial SaleWe strongly believe that consumers’ powerful interest in products that make them feel healthier, fitter and more active will continue to create highly attractive investment returns, and we focus exclusively on that sector. So we “get it:” we don’t need to get up to speed on your challenges and opportunities, because we are immersed in them everyday. And our sole focus on this sector enables us to bring sector specific relationships and resources to your firm and gives us penetrating insights into how to accelerate your growth and strategically fortify your business.Connector.Outright SaleWe acquire all of your equity, enabling you to diversify your net worth and move on with the confidence that your company will continue to grow and prosper in the right hands.Transaction BenefitsThe benefits of an acquisition or investment to a business owner may include:Allowing those with a majority of their net worth tied in a business to “take some chips off the table,” diversify their holdings and prepare for estate planning.Positioning the company for more rapid growth by leveraging the resources and experience of a strong financial and strategic partner.Accessing capital to facilitate product line extensions; enhance R &D, distribution and sourcing; and make strategic acquisitions.Retaining control of day-to-day operations and the direction and growth of the company. Alternatively, those seeking a reduced management role can access our deep pool of management talent.








 








