


Voleo - Wikipedia





















 






Voleo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Voleo Inc.


Type

Private


Industry
Computer software


Founded
2013


Headquarters
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada



Area served

USA (live platform), Global (simulator)



Key people

Thomas Beattie (Chief Executive Officer)
Mark Morabito (Executive Chairman)
Jay Sujir (Chairman)



Number of employees

2-10


Subsidiaries
Voleo USA, Inc.


Website
www.myvoleo.com


For the figure in Argentine tango, see Figures of Argentine tango § Boleos.
Mobile-focused fintech company Voleo Inc. specializes in smartphone stock trading apps for investment clubs, enabling users to form teams with people they trust to democratically manage a portfolio in publicly traded securities.[1]
Voleo Inc. is privately held and is based in Vancouver, BC, Canada.[2] Voleo USA Inc, is a FINRA registered broker-dealer,[3] and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Voleo, Inc.[4] Voleo USA is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC).[5]
History[edit]
Voleo was founded in 2013 in Vancouver, BC. Founder Jay Sujir, Chairman, recruited co-founders Mark Morabito, Executive Chairman, and Thomas Beattie, CEO to bring the concept to market. The company’s senior technology team is led by Anthony Tsui, VP Technology, and Gordon Jones, VP Product.[6]
In October 2015, Voleo launched a simulated university trading competition in collaboration with Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and TSX Venture Exchange (TSXV), with the results announced in 2016. Over two thousand students participated in this inaugural event.[7][8] Voleo was part of Accenture’s FinTech Innovation Lab London 2016.[9][10] In the ensuing months, Voleo prepared its apps for live trading and commenced the registration of subsidiary Voleo USA.[11]
In March 2017, Voleo announced the completion of US State registrations for its subsidiary Voleo USA.[12] Most recently, Voleo presented its platform at Finovate Spring 2017 in San Jose.[13]
Products[edit]
The Voleo stock trading app for investment clubs is available in the United States through the Google Play Store [14] and Apple App Store.[15] The Voleo app allows users to create clubs with 3-100 people, propose, discuss, and vote on trades. All customer accounts and assets are held by APEX Clearing Corporation, who are the fully disclosed carrying broker of introducing broker Voleo USA, Inc.[16]
Voleo SimuTrader is a free investment club simulator available internationally through the Google Play Store[17] and Apple App Store.[18] The Voleo SimuTrader allows users to form investment clubs, propose trades, discuss and vote, track performance, and manage decisions in an entirely simulated environment.[19]
Both Voleo apps track decisions made by club members and assigns a score to each member, known as a Definitive Return on Investment Decisions (DROID) score. This enables users to learn while feeding a community where top performing individuals as well as clubs can be followed in real time for investment ideas. These ideas can then be vetted with their trusted peers.[20]
References[edit]


^ "Official Website". 
^ "Company Page". LinkedIn. Retrieved 5 May 2017. 
^ "FINRA Website" (PDF). FINRA. 
^ "Voleo Announces Completion of State Registration". Market Wired. 7 March 2017. 
^ "SIPC Website". Securities Investor Protection Corporation. 
^ "People who work at Voleo". LinkedIn. 
^ "Voleo and Toronto Stock Exchange Announce Equity Trading Competition". TMX Group. 27 October 2015. 
^ "Voleo TSX Equity Trading Competition". 
^ "Voleo Accepted into Accenture’s FinTech Innovation Lab London". TechVibes. 6 January 2016. 
^ "Accenture FinTech Innovation Lab London Participants". FinTech Innovation Lab. Retrieved 5 May 2017. 
^ "FINRA BrokerCheck - Voleo USA Inc". FINRA. 
^ "Voleo Announces Completion of State Registration". Market Wired. 
^ "Finovate - Demo Video Archives". Finovate. 
^ "Google Play Store - Voleo". Google Play. 
^ "iTunes - Voleo". iTunes. 
^ "FINRA BrokerCheck - Voleo" (PDF). FINRA. 
^ "Google Play Store - Voleo SimuTrader". Google Play. 
^ "iTunes - Voleo SimuTrader". iTunes. 
^ "AppAdvice - Voleo SimuTrader". AppAdvice. 
^ "Making equities investing accessible to a new generation". Canadian Business Journal. 3 March 2017. 






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Voleo&oldid=785844241"					
Categories: Financial technologyFinancial marketsFinancial services companies of CanadaFinancial technology companiesFinancial services companies of the United StatesOnline brokerages 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 15 June 2017, at 18:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Voleo USA, Inc.


































Toggle navigation








Home
FAQ
Get the app










We're Investing Better. Together.
We believe that investing should be fun and profitable, so built a social trading app that makes it easy to start an Investment Club with your peers.

GET THE APP


















FEATURED IN






































Voleo is a free download that allows you to form investment clubs with your friends, family, colleagues, classmates, teammates…basically anyone you know and trust. Invest and manage a stock portfolio together.



Voleo makes investing easy

Built for mobile and web, the Voleo platform makes it easy to create a portfolio with 3-100 people to form a Voleo club, splitting a single discount brokerage commission when you trade.

This isn’t simulation, this is real trades just like traditional investment clubs. Simply propose, discuss and vote on trades which execute automatically on majority. We track each of your decisions to foster continuous improvement and to enable you to see what would have happened if your club had listened to you. We call that your DROID score. You call it bragging rights.

Participate in the broader community by following top clubs and individuals for real-time access to ideas, and validate them with your trusted peers.












Whether you are a seasoned trader or yet to make your first investment, Voleo improves the investing experience and helps you make better decisions. That’s the wisdom of crowds, working for you!







Get Voleo Now
  









Can I get Voleo in my state yet? Yes, Voleo is now available to US residents in all states, subject to limited numbers during our soft-launch. You may also subscribe to Voleo Inc's newsletter for the latest on the technology, company and articles of interest.














































Volvo Cars | Luxury Sedans, Wagons, Crossovers, SUVs | Volvo Car USA



























 







 





















 











Our Midsommar Sale is Here



                        Get a limited-time offer on vehicles like the award-winning XC90 and S90. Ends July 31st.
                    



View offers





















The XC90 T8 Plug-in Hybrid With great power comes great responsibility.



                        Introducing the world’s first 7-seat, 400HP, twin-engine, plug-in hybrid. 
                    



Learn more









The XC90 T8 Plug-in Hybrid












North American Car of the Year finalist



                        We’re extremely proud that our S90 was one of the three top contenders for the North American Car of the Year Award. 
                    



Explore the S90


Build your own


















The All-New Volvo XC60 


The All-New Volvo XC60 


Explore







View Offers


View Offers


Learn more




The New Volvo XC40 - Coming Soon


The New Volvo XC40 - Coming Soon


Learn more




The All-New V90 Cross Country


The All-New V90 Cross Country


Explore






The New 2018 Volvo S90


The New 2018 Volvo S90


Explore




The New Volvo XC40 - Coming Soon


The New Volvo XC40 - Coming Soon


Learn more








 




























Voleo USA, Inc.

































Toggle navigation








Home
FAQ
Get the app










Terms of Use
General Terms and Conditions








These Terms of Use (these “Terms”) govern your access to and use of the Site and the Services provided by Voleo USA Inc (“Voleo USA”).  PLEASE READ ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE BEFORE USING www.voleousa.com OR ITS ASSOCIATED SERVICES.  BY ACCESSING THE SITE OR APP, JOINING OUR EMAIL LIST, CREATING AN ACCOUNT AND/OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THEN YOU MAY NOT USE THE SITE OR THE SERVICES.  VOLEO USA’S ACCEPTANCE OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR THE SERVICES IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN.  
Unauthorized access, distribution, reproduction, copying, retransmission, publication, sale, exploitation (commercial or otherwise), or any other form of transfer of any portion of the Site, including but not limited to all content, services, digital products, tools or products is hereby expressly prohibited.
Without limiting the foregoing, when you use certain features of the Services, such as features incorporating social media analytics and reporting, your use of such features will also be subject to the guidelines, term, agreements and conditions applicable to such features (the “Policies”).  All such Policies are incorporated into these Terms by reference, and if these Terms are inconsistent with any Policy, the terms of such Policy will control.
In these Terms, the use of the words “Voleo USA”, “we”, “our,” and “us” refer to Voleo USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation doing business as Voleo USA and licencing the technology of Canadian parent company Voleo, Inc. (“Voleo”).  The words “user,” “you,” and “your” refer to entities that access and/or use the Site or the Services.
These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with us.  If you are using the Site and/or the Services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s behalf.
We reserve the right to change or modify these Terms or any policy or guideline of the Site and the Services we offer at any time.  We will notify registered users of changes by posting updates to http://www.voleousa.com/terms.  Your use of the Site and the Services will be subject to the most current version of these Terms posted on the Site at the time of your use.  We recommend that you check the Site from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in these Terms or any of our other policies, and you are solely responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any modifications to these Terms.   
 
No Financial or Investment Advice; NOT AN Investment Adviser or tax advisor
Voleo USA is registered with FINRA and certain US States; status can be checked at BrokerCheck. Voleo is developing software platforms that may be used, either by Voleo or parties that licence its platforms. Individuals who sign up to Voleo’s wait list may be offered incentives to register their interest, such as a free trade. Any such incentives are conditional upon Voleo eventually securing registration in the jurisdiction of the winner, which may not happen, and the recipient being eligible to become a client of Voleo’s.
Any information provided on the Site, or Services should NOT be considered a recommendation.  Voleo USA does not make any recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for you or for any specific person, or that an investment in such securities will be profitable.  Nothing on the Site should be construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any security by Voleo or any third party.  Voleo may provide access to certain services through formal or informal relationships with independent third party service providers.  Your use of such products and services shall be solely pursuant to your agreement with such third-party financial service providers.  You alone are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, security or strategy, or any other product or service, is appropriate or suitable for you based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation.  
By your use of this Site, you agree and acknowledge that:

The Site is provided for information purposes only and is not to be treated as advice to make any specific investment or to pursue any particular investment strategy;
Nothing in the Site is meant to be specific financial advice or a personalized recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security;
You may not rely on anything on this Site to make any financial or investment decisions and you should consult an investment professional familiar with your specific financial situation before making any such decisions;
The Site may include certain information obtained from stock exchanges and other third party sources believed to be reliable, but Voleo USA does not guarantee the sequence, accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any information contained on the Site;
Voleo USA does not warrant any results from your use or reliance on any information contained on, or functionality provided by, the Site;
Voleo USA is not obligated to update any information or opinions contained in any of the information on the Site, including that which is subject to change based on varying market conditions or economic circumstances;
None of the information contained on this site constitutes a solicitation, offer, opinion, or recommendation by Voleo to buy or sell any security, or to provide legal, tax, accounting, or investment advice or services regarding the profitability or suitability of any security or investment;
The information provided on this site is not intended for use by, or distribution to, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such use or distribution would be contrary to law or regulation.

1.  Eligibility and Registration Data
In most states, you must be 18 years of age or older to use the Services.  To use certain features of the Services, you must register for an account.  By registering for an account, you represent and warrant that any information that you submit is true and accurate, that you are 18 years of age or older and are fully able and competent to enter into, and abide by these Terms.  You further agree to (i) provide accurate, current and complete information about you as may be prompted by any signup, login and/or registration forms within our registration process (“Registration Data”); (ii) maintain the security of your password and identification; (iii) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data, and any other information you provide to us, to keep it accurate, current and complete; (iv) accept all risks of unauthorized access to the Registration Data and any other information you provide to us; and (v) notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security by emailing us at [email protected]  Use of the Services is void where prohibited.  
2.  Incentives
We may offer free trials for selected features of the Services.  Once your free trial period ends, your ability to access some or all of the Services will terminate.  We reserve the right to determine if you are eligible for a free trial and to discontinue any free trial without notice for any or no reason. We may also offer free trades or other incentives. Incentives of this nature are conditional upon Voleo USA securing registration in the jurisdiction of the recipient, which may not happen, and the recipient being eligible to become a client of Voleo USA’s.
3.  Fees and Payment; No Refunds
Voleo USA maintains account information with carrying broker Apex Clearing, a clearing firm with which you have a customer relationship, maintain accounts or engage in financial transactions (your “account information”).  Voleo USA may work with one or more online financial service providers under contract to access your account information and/or your personal information at your instruction, including Plaid Technologies, Inc..  Voleo does not retain your account information and makes no effort to review any such account information for any purpose, including but not limited to accuracy, legality or non-infringement.  Voleo is not responsible for the products and services offered by any such third-party financial service providers.
Voleo USA cannot always foresee or anticipate technical or other difficulties which may result in failure to obtain data or loss of data, personalization settings or other service interruptions.  Voleo USA assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, accuracy, deletion, non-delivery or failure to store any user data, communications or personalization settings associated with such account information maintained by a third party service provider.
4.  Trademarks and Materials
Voleo’s designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software (and the selection and arrangement thereof) logos, code, and designs (collectively, the “Site Materials”) are all property of Voleo and are protected by intellectual property law.  Use of these items is subject to these Terms and is only permitted within normal use of the Site and/or the Services.  Your use of the Site and/or the Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Voleo, Voleo USA or third-party trademarks except as expressly set forth herein.
5.  Use Restrictions; Limited License
You may access and use the Site and/or the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international law, rules, and regulations. You are granted a limited, non-sublicensable license to access our Site and use the Services, and electronically view, copy, (except where prohibited without a license) and print to hard copy portions of the Site Materials (except third party content) for your personal, informational and internal use only. You shall not: (i) resell or make any non-internal use of the Site, the Services or the Site Materials (or any portion thereof), unless expressly authorized in writing by Voleo; (ii) distribute, publicly perform or publicly display any Site Materials (or any portion thereof); (iii) modify or otherwise make any derivative uses of the Site, the Services or the Site Materials (or any portion thereof); (iv) use any data mining, scraper, spider robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods to access, monitor or copy any Site Materials or other content or information used by the Site or the Services; (v) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on the Site or the Services or bypass or circumvent other measures used to prevent or limit access to the Site or the Services; (vi) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vii) deep-link to any portion of the Services for any purpose, unless expressly authorized in writing by Voleo; (viii) “frame”, “mirror” or otherwise incorporate any part of the Site or the Services into any other web site, unless expressly authorized in writing by Voleo; or (ix) use the Site, the Services or the Site Materials other than for their intended purpose and as expressly permitted by these Terms.
Any use of the Site, the Services or the Site Materials other than as specifically authorized in these Terms, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted in these Terms. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including, but not limited to, copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes.  We reserve the right to revoke your authorization to access or use the Site and the Services if we believe in good faith that you have violated these Terms or any laws whatsoever.  Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms will be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. The license granted by these Terms is revocable at any time.
6.  User Content
By design, the nature of the Site is interactive and public.  The Site allows other users to view the companies you track, product and company ratings, photos and/or videos you upload, and any other material you make publicly available on the site.  You may submit text, files, images, photos, videos, sounds, works of authorship, comments and other content (“User Content”) on the Site.  You understand and acknowledge that your User Content will not be treated as confidential or proprietary and that any ideas, concepts or creations related thereto or other materials you transmit to the Site may be used by Voleo anywhere, anytime, and for any reason whatsoever subject to the terms of the User Content License set forth below.
Your posting of User Content is subject to the Terms and any additional terms posted for a specific feature, as well as the following, to which you agree to adhere through your use of the Site:

By submitting any User Content on or through the Site, you hereby grant to Voleo a limited, non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, sub-licensable, worldwide, fully-paid, royalty-free license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such User Content without the requirement to make payment to you or to any third party or the need to seek any third-party permission.  This license includes the right to host, index, cache, distribute, and tag any User Content, as well as the right to sub-license User Content to third parties, including other users, for use on other media or platforms known or hereinafter developed, such as for use on mobile phones, in video or music software, or in computer programs.  You continue to retain all ownership rights in your User Content, and you continue to have the right to use your User Content in any way you choose, subject to these Terms and the license described herein (the aforementioned is the “User Content License”);
You represent and warrant that you own all content submitted, displayed, published, or posted by you on the Site and otherwise have the right to grant the User Content License, and the displaying, publishing, or posting of your User Content, and our use thereof, does not and will not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity;
You agree not to post any content that is unlawful, harmful, tortious, defamatory, libelous, obscene, invasive of the privacy of another person, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, racist, infringing, pornographic, violent, or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate as determined by Voleo USA, in its sole discretion;
You will not post any content that contains personal information about any individual, violates the privacy/publicity of any other individual or entity, or anything that you are under a contractual obligation to keep private or confidential;
You will not misrepresent an affiliation with another person or organization, including, without limitation the personnel of Voleo or Voleo USA, nor will you post any content that contains slanderous or libelous comments about others;
You will not post any content that contains business solicitation of any type, including advertising a product or service, offering a product or service for sale, or directing readers to a location for more information about a product or service;
You will not post any software to the Site or Services, nor will you post links or files that do not comply with the Terms, and you will not post any content that contains viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may adversely affect the operation of the Site, or a feature of the Site;
You will not modify in any way any specifications, technology, or application codes provided to you by Voleo USA or as embedded in the User Content unless expressly authorized in writing by Voleo USA; and
You may not share or transfer passwords or other access information with any other party, temporarily or permanently.

Voleo USA may delete any User Content that in the sole judgment of Voleo USA violates these Terms.
Voleo USA does not endorse, verify, evaluate or guarantee any information provided by users and nothing shall be considered as an endorsement, verification or guarantee of any User Content.  You shall not create or distribute information, including but not limited to advertisements, press releases or other marketing materials, or include links to any sites which contain or suggest an endorsement by Voleo USA without the prior review and written approval of Voleo USA.
You agree to indemnify and hold Voleo USA, its parents, subsidiaries, officers, employees, and website contractors and each of their officers, employees and agents harmless from any claims, damages, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, related to your violation of these Terms or which arises from the use of User Content you submitted, posted, or otherwise provided to Voleo USA or the Site.
7.  Third Party Services
The Site and the Services allow (or may in the future allow) you to select, input, upload and share information and data in connection with and through designated user accounts (“User Accounts”) maintained by you on certain third-party social media platforms (“Third Party Services”).  The Site and the Services allow (or may in the future allow) you to access Third Party Services using the Site and/or the Services to post, link, message users of Third Party Services or otherwise act on a wide variety of information accessed by the Site and/or the Services and originating from User Accounts on Third Party Services, and to collect data and generate reports based on these activities (collectively, “User Materials”).  You are solely responsible for User Materials. By accessing Third Party Services through the Site and/or the Services, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to access such Third Party Services, and that the creation, distribution and reproduction of the User Materials complies with the terms applicable to the Third Party Services.  You shall ensure that your use of the Site and the Services, including use of User Materials with the Site and/or the Services and Third Party Services, does not contain code, files or programs that may interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, including, without limitation, by introducing viruses or similar code into the Site or the Services, hosted systems or servers, or systems or servers maintained by providers of Third Party Services accessed through the Site or the Services. Voleo USA is not responsible for any loss or damage to User Materials.  You assume all risks for the User Materials and are solely responsible for protecting and backing up the same.
8.  Third Party Links
The Site may contain links to sites not under the control of Voleo USA.  Voleo USA does not assume, and expressly disclaims any and all, responsibility for the content of any page not on the Site.  Links to third-party web sites on the Site are provided solely as a convenience to you, and may be for educational, informational and/or entertainment purposes.  Voleo USA has not reviewed these third-party web sites, and does not control and is not responsible for any such sites or content displayed thereon.  If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk, and the inclusion of any third-party link on the Site does not imply any endorsement or guarantee whatsoever by Voleo USA of such third-party site.  Once you link to a third-party site, you are subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of such site.
9.  Modifications to the Services
The Services that Voleo USA provides are always evolving and the form and nature of the Services that Voleo USA provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you.  In addition, Voleo USA may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Site and/or the Services (or any features within the Site and/or the Services) to you or to users generally and may not be able to provide you with prior notice.  We also retain the right to create limits on your use and storage of User Content at our sole discretion at any time without prior notice to you.
10.  Terms and Termination
Your account will remain in effect until the earlier of your cancellation or our termination of your account in accordance with these Terms.  To cancel your account, please email us at [email protected]  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, we have the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Site and/or the Services, and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Site and/or the Services.
11.  Advertisements and Promotions
We may now or in the future allow advertisers and corporate partners to post content on the Site and within our Services and provide links to sites and content of third parties (collectively the “Advertiser and Corporate Partner Content”) as a service to those interested in this information.  These advertisements may be targeted to users based on information provided while registering for an account, through use of the Site or the Services, through queries made through the Services or based other information.  We do not control, endorse or adopt any Advertiser and Corporate Partner Content and we make no representation or warranties of any kind regarding the Advertiser and Corporate Partner Content.  The types and extent of advertising by Voleo on the Site or in connection with the Services are subject to change.  Voleo may use data and information received or generated through your use of the Services to identify other potential users of the Services, demonstrate the capabilities of the Services and/or pursue additional marketing and promotional activities.
12.  Feedback
You acknowledge and agree that any feedback, including but not limited to suggestions, comments, ideas or other information, provided by you in the form of email or other submissions (collectively, “Feedback”) to us is non-confidential and you hereby grant Voleo USA, its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns an irrevocable, worldwide, transferable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully sublicensable right to use such Feedback for any purpose without any compensation or attribution to you.
13.  Indemnification
You agree, at your sole expense, to defend, indemnify and hold us, our independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any and all actual or threatened suits, actions, legal proceedings, judgments, and any other legal claims, damage awards, or other compulsory payment or performance of any kind arising out of, resulting from, attributable to or in any way incidental to: (i) your use of the Site, the Services and/or the Site Materials; (ii) your conduct; (iii) your violation of these Terms; (iv) your violation of the rights of any third party; and (v) any User Content posted by you.
14.  Disclaimer of Warranties
THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE SITE MATERIALS AND ALL USER CONTENT, OTHER SUBMISSIONS AND OTHER MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR MADE AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, THE SERVICES AND THE SITE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER. VOLEO AND OUR LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. VOLEO AND OUR LICENSORS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE ACCURACY, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AVAILABILITY, COMPATIBILITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE SITE MATERIALS AND THE USER CONTENT.  VOLEO AND OUR LICENSORS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS DISPLAYED ON THE SITE OR THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY USER CONTENT, AS WELL AS FOR ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS DISPLAYED ON THE SITE OR THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY USER CONTENT.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE SITE MATERIALS AND ALL USER CONTENT SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIAL OR DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE AND/OR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY USER CONTENT, AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. VOLEO USA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE SITE MATERIALS OR ANY USER CONTENT WILL BE ERROR-FREE, THAT ACCESS THERETO WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT DATA WILL NOT BE LOST OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES SUCH CONTENT AVAILABLE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.  IN SUCH EVENT, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  VOLEO USA DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE SITE MATERIALS OR ANY USER CONTENT.  YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY CLAIM AGAINST VOLEO USA, ITS AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE SITE MATERIALS AND THE USER CONTENT AND ANY CONTENT YOU PROVIDE TO THIRD PARTIES (INCLUDING CREDIT CARD AND OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION).
15.  Limitation of Liability
VOLEO USA, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES AND AGENTS ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND IN NO EVENT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL VOLEO, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM, ANY:
•  PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE SITE MATERIALS OR ANY USER CONTENT;
•  UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN;
•    INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE;
•   BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE, OR SITES LINKED TO BY THIS SITE, BY ANY THIRD PARTY; AND/OR
•  ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE BY VOLEO USA OR OUR USERS, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT VOLEO USA IS OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. IN NO EVENT SHALL VOLEO USA’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED $100.00.  THIS ALLOCATION OF RISK UNDER THESE TERMS IS AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES.  EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS SHALL BE SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS.  THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION SHALL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.  
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.  
16.  Copyright Infringement and Complaints
In accordance with the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable laws, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, access to the Site and the Services for users who we have deemed, in our sole discretion, to be repeat infringers. We may also, at our sole discretion, limit and/or terminate access to the Site and the Services for any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. Additionally, we reserve the right to limit access to the Site and the Services for any users for reasons of our own discretion, that we are not obligated to reveal, at any time.
If you believe that anything on our site infringes upon any copyright which you own or control you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below.
E-Mail Address of Designated Agent: [email protected]
Please see 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. You should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages including but not limited to costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
17.  Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy, which also applies to your access and use of the Site and the Services, and describes our practices and policies related to the collection, use and storage of information about users of the Site and/or the Services.
18.  Consent to Electronic Communications
By accessing the Site and/or using the Services, you consent to receiving electronic communications from us.  Such communications may include notices about your account and information concerning or relating to the Services.  You agree that any electronic notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including any requirements that such communications be in writing.
19.  Applicable Law and Venue
These Terms and your use of the Site and/or the Services will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its rules of conflict of laws. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of the Site and/or the Services will be filed only in the State of Delaware and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Terms and/or your use of the Site and/or the Services.
20.  Entire Agreement
These Terms, including all Policies, constitute the entire agreement between Voleo USA and you concerning the Site and the Services.  These Terms supersede any and all prior agreements or communications between Voleo USA and you concerning the subject matter of these Terms.
Financial Market Data powered by Quotemedia.com. All rights reserved. View the Terms of Use. Data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated.
Questions & Contact Information
Questions, comments and any other correspondence regarding our site may be directed to us at the email address [email protected]
Last Updated: December 15, 2016




















Voleo USA Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























voleo usa inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Voleo USA, Inc. operates as a brokerage firm. The Company buys and sells securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and other investment products. Voleo USA serves customers in Canada.




Corporate Information
Address:

1240-1140 West Pender Street
Vancouver, BC V6E4G1
Canada


Phone:
1-512-796-3299


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.myvoleo.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Volvo - Construction Products & Services - Volvo Construction Equipment

































































































































+1717-532-9181

 Change country

 Find a dealer
 Login 








CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT
North America





Search term


search 

























Telematics done right. Done for you.
Done for Free
Learn more


















A45G FS with full suspension
Rough Roads? No Problem.
Discover full suspension


















24 Hour Parts Guarantee
At Volvo, we guarantee your parts will be in-hand within 24 hours, or freight is free. You've got a lot of things to think about on the job site - getting your parts on time shouldn't be one of them.
Find Out More


















Volvo's Largest Excavator
EC750E
Find out what makes this 75 ton machine so mighty.
Learn More


















Our Machines Clean Up Well
GET 2.2% FOR 24 MONTHS
Find Out More










Volvo Construction Equipment Product Range
Flawless Quality, Every Time Browse through Volvo Construction Equipment's extensive range of high-quality products.












Excavators











Wheel Loaders











Articulated Haulers











Skid Steer Loaders











Compact Track Loaders











Asphalt Pavers











Compactors











Pipelayers











Demolition Equipment

 


















Find a good deal
Used equipment
Search Our Used Inventory









Get more out of your Volvo            







 





 



Maximize your profit and uptime today
We understand that the needs of your business vary. That's why there are two different Customer Support Agreements helping you stay profitable.
All agreements










 





 



The genuine way to minimize downtime
Maintain performance by keeping your machine a Volvo. We know that every part is vital and help you maximize uptime in the long run through Genuine Volvo Parts.
Genuine Volvo Parts










 





 



ActiveCare Direct
With 24/7/365 active machine monitoring and monthly fleet reports, ActiveCare Direct allows you to spend more time making informed fleet management decisions and less time sorting through data and alarm codes.
Activecare Direct





















Product selector
Which machine is right for you?
Compare specifications and find the right machine for you.
Start









Volvo Construction Equipment

Latest news















News
7/21/2017



Sales up 36% in strong second quarter at Volvo Construction Equipment

Transformation program and increasing demand in key markets helps boost Volvo CE in Q2 2017, with significant improvements in both sales and earnings.


















News
7/19/2017



Volvo rolls out new offer for ActiveCare Direct — free for one year on all eligible new machine purchases

Originally debuted at CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2017 with a limited-time enrollment offer, ActiveCare Direct is now available free for one year on new purchases of a wide range of Volvo Construction...


















News
7/18/2017



The first. The best. The most - Volvo celebrates 75,000th hauler

With half of all the articulated haulers ever made bearing the Volvo brand, the company has just passed another landmark – the production of its 75,000th hauler.


















News
7/14/2017



LX1 prototype hybrid wheel loader delivers around 50% fuel efficiency improvement during customer testing

Volvo Construction Equipment’s LX1 prototype electric hybrid wheel loader has excelled during hundreds of hours of real-world testing, achieving around a 50% improvement in fuel efficiency...


















News
7/11/2017



New Volvo PL3005E rotating pipelayer increases power and lifting capacity

As the latest addition to the lineup of Volvo E-Series rotating pipelayers, the PL3005E boasts impressive improvements to power, productivity and efficiency versus predecessor models, all on...





View all news


















Want to know more?
Send us a message and we will be happy to help you. General enquiry












Close













Close


Values





Imperial


Metric




Set as default


















Voleo Announces iOS Launch - Voleo

















































































The Social Trading App for Investment Clubs




 

ABOUT VOLEO
PRODUCT TOUR

START AN INVESTMENT CLUB
PROPOSE DISCUSS & VOTE ON STOCK TRADES
STOCK TRADING APP FOR INVESTMENT CLUBS
STOCK TRADING SOCIAL NETWORK
INVESTMENT CLUB ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE
FREE STOCK TRADING SIMULATOR APP


SUBSCRIBE
BLOG
AMBASSADORS

Ambassadors


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

















 

















Voleo Announces iOS Launch




December 15, 2016


Voleo

0 Comment 
Investment Clubs, iOS, USA



































 






Voleo USA, Inc. (“Voleo USA”) soft-launches social trading app in California and New York ahead of nationwide launch in 2017
December 15, 2016
Vancouver – Voleo Inc. (“Voleo”) is pleased to announce that its wholly owned US subsidiary, Voleo USA, has released the Voleo iOS application and taken on its first self-directed customers as a discount brokerage.
“Voleo’s social trading app is now live. Over the past year tens of thousands of people have joined our waitlist, and ahead of our expansion across the country those in California and New York are now able to invest with their trusted peers”, said Executive Chairman, Mark Morabito. He continued, “What impresses us is the diversity of groups who have expressed interest: families, friends, colleagues, teammates, clubs and neighbors. These social cohorts want to share their insights to do better together – and are comfortable doing so because they share a vested interest in one another’s success.”
Voleo’s sophisticated group investment platform enables users to combine their assets and knowledge to invest together with people they know and trust. Directly from their mobile phones, tablets or computers, users are able to propose, discuss and vote on trades in publicly listed stocks and ETFs, wherever and whenever they want, with the majority effecting trades automatically. Voleo’s users may benefit both from splitting the cost of a single trade and the collective intelligence of their teams. Adding a competitive element to a collaborative platform, each person’s decisions are tracked and hypothetical positions managed so they can learn and prove to their friends how things would have gone if everyone had listened to them. The transparency builds a community where top performers can be followed, and the best ideas validated with peers.
Voleo expects to reverse the trend of declining retail investor participation in the stock market by breaking down barriers to entry, facilitating trust and improving financial literacy. Suitable for both active or passive investing, there are clear advantages to collaboration. “To make the future of investing a reality, Voleo USA is pleased to have partnered with carrying broker Apex Clearing, which has long been a leader in the clearing and custody space. Their technology expertise is helping to power our innovative platform”, said CEO, Thomas Beattie.
The Voleo Android application will be released in the New Year as part of nationwide launch. For a limited time, those who wish to practice investing can do so using Voleo SimuTrader. Available in app stores internationally, users can form a team to deploy a simulated million-dollar portfolio, or make multiple clubs and practice different investment strategies.
About Voleo
Voleo Inc. (Voleo) is a Canadian mobile-focused fintech application company. Its mission is to create a social investment network enhancing connectivity, transparency, convenience, and collaboration among investors. Voleo’s equity trading platform operates on mobile applications available on iOS and Android smartphone devices plus companion web app.
About Voleo USA
Voleo USA, Inc is a member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), which protects securities customers of its members up to $500,000 (including $250,000 for claims for cash).  Security products are not FDIC insured, not bank guaranteed, and will fluctuate in value.  We do not solicit, recommend, or offer investment advice.  Check the background of Voleo USA, Inc. on FINRA’s BrokerCheck.
For more information on Voleo, please visit our website at www.myvoleo.com
ON BEHALF OF THE VOLEO BOARD
“Thomas Beattie”
Chief Executive Officer
 
For further information regarding this press release, please contact:
Voleo Inc.
Thomas Beattie, Chief Executive Officer
T: +16047806136
E: thomas@myvoleo.com
www.myvoleo.com
 
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
Certain statements contained in this release constitute forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively referred to herein as “forward-looking statements”) within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or Voleo Inc’s (the “Company”) future performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by the use of words such as “seek”, “anticipate”, “budget”, “plan”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”, “forecast”, “may”, “will”, “project”, “predict”, “potential”, “targeting”, “intend”, “could”, “might”, “should”, “believe” and similar expressions. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. Voleo believes the expectations reflected in those forward-looking statements are reasonable but no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct and such forward-looking statements included in this release should not be unduly relied upon. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release, or as of the date specified in the documents incorporated by reference into this release, as the case may be. In particular, this release contains forward-looking statements pertaining, but not limited to: expectations as to future operations of the Company, future market trends, growth opportunities, the Company’s go to market strategy, the expected operations and performance of the Company’s business, impact of governmental regulation, anticipated revenues, expected user growth, expected operating costs, general administrative costs, costs of services and other costs and expenses, and the timing of key development milestones.
With respect to forward-looking statements contained in this release, the Company has made assumptions regarding, among other thing: the accuracy, reliability and applicability of the Company’s business model; the timely receipt of governmental approvals, including the receipt of approval from regulators in Canada and the United States; the timely commencement of operations by the Company and the success of such operations; the ability of the Company to implement its business plan as intended; the legislative and regulatory environments of the jurisdictions where the Company will carry on business or have operations; the impact of competition; and the availability of financing to execute the business plan. The Company has included the above summary of assumptions and risks related to forward-looking statements provided in this release in order to provide investors with a more complete perspective on the Company’s current and future operations and such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.
Readers are cautioned that the foregoing lists of factors are not exhaustive and it would be unreasonable to rely on any such forward-looking statements and information as creating any legal rights, that the statements and information are not guarantees and may involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ (and may differ materially) and objectives and strategies may differ or change from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements or information as a result of various factors. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Except as required by applicable securities laws, the Company is not under any duty and do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this release or to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in the Company’s expectations and the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or results or otherwise.





















Previous PostGuest Post: Why I made my first stock trade 
Investment Clubs, iOS, USA 


Next PostGuest Post: Systematic Investing Explained 
Investment Clubs, iOS, USA 
































The Voleo platform enables users to form, fund and manage private investment club partnerships.  The Voleo SimuTrader platform is available internationally; the live platform requires registration, approvals and/or exemption orders from applicable securities regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction.  If you are a US resident, please visit www.voleousa.com for details.  terms of use   privacy policy








 










Top

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Voleo - The Social Trading App for Investment Clubs













































































 

ABOUT VOLEO
PRODUCT TOUR

START AN INVESTMENT CLUB
PROPOSE DISCUSS & VOTE ON STOCK TRADES
STOCK TRADING APP FOR INVESTMENT CLUBS
STOCK TRADING SOCIAL NETWORK
INVESTMENT CLUB ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE
FREE STOCK TRADING SIMULATOR APP


SUBSCRIBE
BLOG
AMBASSADORS

Ambassadors


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

















 







 We're Investing Better. Together.Investing should be fun and profitable. We built a social trading app that makes it easy to start an Investment Club with your peers.  SUBSCRIBE      
















SPECIAL EVENT
Voleo and TSX live trading competition
In collaboration with TSX and TSX Venture Exchange, Voleo launched a live trading competition in over 40 Canadian higher education institutions. 
 
LEARN MORE
 Featured IN







Voleo makes investment clubs easy
We believe the current investing options aren’t meeting the expectations of the next generation. We have developed an accessible, collaborative, friendly and fun social stock trading app for both new and established investment clubs. Voleo provides a seamless and secure solution that empowers people to invest together in a way that’s never been possible.
 
Shared intelligence, shared returns
Make more informed investment decisions by tapping the collective expertise of your investment club. Voleo allows you to propose, discuss, and vote on trades with your peers anywhere, anytime.

Removing the Barriers
For most, the idea of investing in stocks is onerous, intimidating, and confusing – we want to make it simple and accessible for everyone. With Voleo, you and your peers can combine your resources to share trading commission and trade with the authority of a large portfolio.
 
 
Making Investing Friendly
We want to transform investing from a frustrating chore, to a comfortable and enjoyable social experience. We value simplicity and intuitive design— two things we believe are missing from personal investing.

Forming Communities
We want to create a new generation of connected investors who feel informed, empowered, and confident. With Voleo you can conduct research and improve your investment acumen by following highly successful individuals and funds.
 

















Form an investment club and invite partners
Use Voleo’s social stock trading app to start an investment club with your trusted peers.







Combine your funds and expertise
Benefit from split commissions. Validate the next hot stock before you place an order. Leverage collective intelligence to generate superior returns.



 
 
 
































Propose, discuss, and vote on trades
Collaborative decision making — intuitive proposal, discussion and voting gives you the confidence to be a better investor.







Collaboratively manage your portfolio
Compete with and follow the best investors in the Voleo social trading community.



 
 

 
 
 

 





























Follow and learn from other groups
Get real time insights on top performers so you know where those with a proven track record are putting their money.
 







Research stocks and receive relevant news
In a world where more information is available than ever before, Voleo ensures you have the tools while your investment club gives you the edge.



 
 
 


 
 



















Account Protection Secure and Encrypted
Voleo uses state-of-the-art security measures when handling your information. Your sensitive personal information is fully encrypted and securely stored. 










 
"Investing with my family is proving to be profitable!"
Jenny KwanTeacher, Vancouver, B.C

"Voleo takes the traditional investment club model one step further, creating an interactive environment where friends can invest alongside each other on the go, in real-time.  The application is intuitive and very user friendly—a great overall experience."
Jamie HankinsonAssociate, DayHu Ventures

"Trading stocks has never been this social!
Our family is learning so much."
Samantha MillerMother & Banker, Toronto, ON

"I'm excited by Voleo's mission to change investing to make it more enjoyable."
Jenny ThompsonNew Small Business Owner, Calgary, Alberta
  SUBSCRIBE
ABOUT VOLEO
PRODUCT TOUR

START AN INVESTMENT CLUB
PROPOSE DISCUSS & VOTE ON STOCK TRADES
STOCK TRADING APP FOR INVESTMENT CLUBS
STOCK TRADING SOCIAL NETWORK
INVESTMENT CLUB ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE
FREE STOCK TRADING SIMULATOR APP


SUBSCRIBE
BLOG
AMBASSADORS

Ambassadors


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS




 
 













The Voleo platform enables users to form, fund and manage private investment club partnerships.  The Voleo SimuTrader platform is available internationally; the live platform requires registration, approvals and/or exemption orders from applicable securities regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction.  If you are a US resident, please visit www.voleousa.com for details.  terms of use   privacy policy








 










Top




















Ambassadors - Voleo










































































The Social Trading App for Investment Clubs




 

ABOUT VOLEO
PRODUCT TOUR

START AN INVESTMENT CLUB
PROPOSE DISCUSS & VOTE ON STOCK TRADES
STOCK TRADING APP FOR INVESTMENT CLUBS
STOCK TRADING SOCIAL NETWORK
INVESTMENT CLUB ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE
FREE STOCK TRADING SIMULATOR APP


SUBSCRIBE
BLOG
AMBASSADORS

Ambassadors


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

















 










Ambassadors














































 



Voleo Nasdaq Ambassadors
Cooper KinleyUniversity of Kansas
 

 

 
Cooper KinleyUniversity of KansasMatthew SeckVanderbilt University
 

 

 
Matthew SeckVanderbilt University

Voleo TSX Ambassadors
Aaron VogelUniversity of British Columbia
 

 
Aaron VogelUniversity of British ColumbiaAdhiraj D SinghMcGill UniversityAdhiraj D SinghMcGill UniversityAli IbrahimCarleton University
 
Ali IbrahimCarleton UniversityAndrew AndreisRyerson University
 
Andrew AndreisRyerson UniversityAnita WongSimon Fraser University
 

 
Anita WongSimon Fraser UniversityBen BartlettUniversity of Ottawa
 

 
Ben BartlettUniversity of OttawaBrendan GiesbrechtUniversity of Manitoba
 
Brendan GiesbrechtUniversity of ManitobaClement WongQueen's UniversityClement WongQueen's UniversityJakob PurdyCamosun College
 

 
Jakob PurdyCamosun CollegeJames BryanUniversity of Waterloo
 
James BryanUniversity of WaterlooJean-Phillip LimogesUniversité du Québec à Montréal
 
Jean-Phillip LimogesUniversité du Québec à MontréalJennifer HaoWestern University
 
Jennifer HaoWestern UniversityJennifer LiuSimon Fraser University
 

 
Jennifer LiuSimon Fraser UniversityJosh GriffinUniversity of Manitoba
 
Josh GriffinUniversity of ManitobaKatherine KarrSimon Fraser University
 

 
Katherine KarrSimon Fraser UniversityLogan PhillipsJR Shaw School of Business
 

 
Logan PhillipsJR Shaw School of BusinessMaria TalalaevaUniversity of Victoria
 
Maria TalalaevaUniversity of VictoriaMathew Fisher-SwarbrookeMacEwan UniversityMathew Fisher-SwarbrookeMacEwan UniversityMegan CunninghamAlgonquin College
 

 
Megan CunninghamAlgonquin CollegeMichael DouglassUniversity of Ottawa
 
Michael DouglassUniversity of OttawaMichael PetrinMount Royal University
 
Michael PetrinMount Royal UniversityMike NesselbeckUniversity of Victoria
 
Mike NesselbeckUniversity of VictoriaNatasha Hiltz-CommandaAlgonquin College
 
Natasha Hiltz-CommandaAlgonquin CollegeNevill ShahUniversity of Alberta
 

 
Nevill ShahUniversity of AlbertaNicole EdickWilfred Laurier University
 
Nicole EdickWilfred Laurier UniversityPatrick KlosRyerson University
 
Patrick KlosRyerson UniversityPeter FalohunVancouver Island University
 
Peter FalohunVancouver Island UniversityRahim SuraniRyerson University
 

 
Rahim SuraniRyerson UniversityRahul DuggalUniversity of Toronto
 
Rahul DuggalUniversity of TorontoRam KumarConcordia University
 
Ram KumarConcordia UniversityRamin ShahabadiUniversity of Toronto
 
Ramin ShahabadiUniversity of TorontoShreya NayakUniversity of Toronto
 
Shreya NayakUniversity of TorontoSimon HuiLangara College
 
Simon HuiLangara CollegeSina BankiUniversity of Victoria
 
Sina BankiUniversity of VictoriaWallise WuWilfred Laurier UniversityWallise WuWilfred Laurier University
Zachary FerreiraUniversity of Guelph-Humber
 
Zachary FerreiraUniversity of Guelph-Humber
Zachary Zhixiao ZhengMcGill University
 

 
Zachary Zhixiao ZhengMcGill University



































The Voleo platform enables users to form, fund and manage private investment club partnerships.  The Voleo SimuTrader platform is available internationally; the live platform requires registration, approvals and/or exemption orders from applicable securities regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction.  If you are a US resident, please visit www.voleousa.com for details.  terms of use   privacy policy








 










Top





















Sign-Up to Our Newsletter - Voleo














































































The Social Trading App for Investment Clubs




 

ABOUT VOLEO
PRODUCT TOUR

START AN INVESTMENT CLUB
PROPOSE DISCUSS & VOTE ON STOCK TRADES
STOCK TRADING APP FOR INVESTMENT CLUBS
STOCK TRADING SOCIAL NETWORK
INVESTMENT CLUB ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE
FREE STOCK TRADING SIMULATOR APP


SUBSCRIBE
BLOG
AMBASSADORS

Ambassadors


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

















 


























 
 
 
 
                                                                                                        









 







 




 
 
        Subscribe to Voleo’s email to get the latest news, blogs and updates about Voleo!
      



            First Name (* required) 



            Last Name (* required) 



            Email (* required) 








 
 
 
*Please note that you may need to disable ad-blocker in order to sign up

 
 



For more information contact us at info@myvoleo.com


 












The Voleo platform enables users to form, fund and manage private investment club partnerships.  The Voleo SimuTrader platform is available internationally; the live platform requires registration, approvals and/or exemption orders from applicable securities regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction.  If you are a US resident, please visit www.voleousa.com for details.  terms of use   privacy policy








 










Top
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started









































Welcome to Volvo

























   
NotificationCookie














Our cookie policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing, we assume that you accept such use. Learn more about cookies and how to refuse them at this link.
NotificationCookie


This website uses cookies. By continuing, we assume that you accept such use. Learn more about cookies and how to refuse them at this&nbsp;<a href="http://www.volvogroup.com/en-en/cookies.html">link</a>. Our cookie policy Ok no 
Ok























http://www.volvocars.com#Select any one Anchor Name from below list 
no

 

  




Volvo Cars
YOURS TO OWN FROM 2016



Discover more










http://www.volvotrucks.com#Select any one Anchor Name from below list 
no

 

  




Volvo Trucks
Driving Progress



Get to know us










http://www.volvoce.com#Select any one Anchor Name from below list 
no

 

  




Volvo Construction Equipment
A Passion for Performance



Get to know us










http://www.volvobuses.com#Select any one Anchor Name from below list 
no

 

  




Volvo Buses
Driving Quality of Life



Get to know us










http://www.volvopenta.com#Select any one Anchor Name from below list 
no

 

  




Volvo Penta
Power Solutions on Land and at Sea



Get to know us













 Close















Since 1927, our philosophy has been to deliver pioneering innovations that put people first. Welcome to our world built on quality, safety and care for the environment.











Trucks














Buses














Construction Equipment














Industrial Power














Marine Power
















Financial Services














Cars




















