    Roland von Metzsch | Cambrian Capital | ZoomInfo.com




Roland Account Service | Product key validation




























Roland







Roland




Account Service





















Activate Product Key

ONLY for "Download Ticket" buyer.Input key code written on your "Download Ticket” purchased from retailers.
* "Product Key Code Card" included in your SYSTEM-1, SYSTEM-1m or SYSTEM-8 does NOT need activation.







-

-







Regarding input product key



Note: The system does not distinguish between "0" and "O" or "1" and "I" so either can be used when entering the product key.







Activate Product Key


Back


































Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Worldwide Social Network

Copyright © 2017 Roland Corporation.











 




WEDDINGS; Christine Wente, Roland von Metzsch - The New York Times




















































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Style|WEDDINGS; Christine Wente, Roland von Metzsch







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



Style
| WEDDINGS 
WEDDINGS; Christine Wente, Roland von Metzsch

JUNE 16, 2002



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









Christine Bess Wente, the daughter of Arel and Eric P. Wente of Livermore, Calif., was married yesterday to Roland Alexander von Metzsch, the son of Martha J. von Metzsch of Wellesley, Mass., and Ernst H. von Metzsch of Manchester-by-the-Sea, Mass. The Rev. William Nebo, a Presbyterian minister, officiated at the Concannon Vineyard in Livermore.Mrs. von Metzsch, 26, is the marketing director of Wente Vineyards in Livermore. They were established in 1883 by Carl H. Wente, her great-great-grandfather. Her father is the company's chief executive.The bride graduated cum laude from Princeton and is to begin studying for an M.B.A. at Stanford in September.Mr. von Metzsch, 30, is a research analyst in telecommunications, media and entertainment stocks at Davis Skaggs Investment Management, a San Francisco-based unit of Citigroup. He graduated from Princeton and received an M.B.A. from Stanford. His father is a partner in the Wellington Management Company, an investment firm in Boston, and a manager of the Vanguard Wellington Fund. The bridegroom is the stepson of Gail von Metzsch. Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times
























 

Roland von Metzsch's involvement in venture capital (via Camcap Resources Offshore Fund Ltd, Camcap Resources Lp, Camcap Energy Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/120870-roland-von-metzschsection=people&subsection=detail&id=120870




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Rolandvon MetzschGet alertedif Roland von Metzsch gets funded!Roland von MetzschCamcap Resources Offshore Fund Ltd - Director, PromoterCamcap Resources Lp - Executive Officer, PromoterCamcap Energy Lp - Executive Officer, PromoterDeals involving Roland von Metzsch$565,683,500 raised with Camcap Resources Offshore Fund Ltd on October, 2012$790,858,584 raised with Camcap Resources Lp on December, 2013$758,611,507 raised with Camcap Resources Lp on October, 2012$385,942,192 raised with Camcap Energy Lp on December, 2013$357,327,708 raised with Camcap Energy Lp on October, 2012Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Roland von Metzsch on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!



Roland A Vonmetzsch, 45  - Piedmont, CA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 RV


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Roland Vonmetzsch
 Piedmont, CA
 Age: 45 -
								01/09/1972













AKA:
                                                Roland A Vonmetzsch, Roland Von Metzsch, George Von metzsch, Roland A Von metzsch, Roland Vonmetzch, Ronald A Vonmetzsch, Roland Von metzsch, Roland V Metzsch, Roland A Metzsch, Metzsch Von













Work Info








                                    Single






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Roland










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











12*** **** Gdns


Piedmont, CA 94611







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Piedmont
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



San Francisco
, CA.
         is related to
                Martha Vonmetzsch.
        















About & Contact Information


Roland's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Piedmont
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



San Francisco
, CA.
         is related to
                Martha Vonmetzsch.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
12*** **** Gdns
Piedmont, CA
View Address


Past Address
5*** **** Ter




San Francisco
, CA
View Address


Past Address
70*** **** St




San Francisco
, CA
View Address


Past Address
*** **** Ave




Manchester
, MA
View Address





    Roland may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Roland's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Roland may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Roland may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Roland may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Roland may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Roland may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Roland's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Roland may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Roland may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Roland's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Roland Vonmetzsch's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Roland










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Roland may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Roland. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Roland may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Roland may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Roland may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Roland may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 MV

Martha Vonmetzsch

                                            Wellesley, MA



 GV

Gail Vonmetzsch

                                            Manchester, MA




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Roland may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Roland build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Roland Vonmetzsch
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Roland's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Roland have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Roland
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Roland

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Roland

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Roland?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Roland Vonmetzsch?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Roland 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Roland .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Roland Vonmetzsch
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Roland Vonmetzsch's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Roland's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Roland Vonmetzsch











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Roland



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Roland Vonmetzsch











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 20:37:06 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 









A. von Metzsch  Roland - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











A. von Metzsch  Roland
Check out list of companies and businesses related to A. von Metzsch  Roland. Find out A. von Metzsch  Roland address and contact details. View other people related to A. von Metzsch  Roland - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

c/o Cambrian Capital Limited Partnership 4 Embarcadero Center, Suite 2660 San Francisco 94111 CA




Companies related to A. von Metzsch  Roland
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001363827CamCap Energy, L.P.50 OSGOOD PLACE SUITE 500 SAN FRANCISCO 941330001363846CamCap Resources, L.P.C/O CAMCAP RESOURCES PARTNERS, LLC 50 OSGOOD PLACE, SUITE 500 SAN FRANCISCO 941330001382140CAMCAP ENERGY OFFSHORE FUND, LTD.C/O CITIGROUP FUND SERVICES (CAYMAN) CRICKET SQ., HUTCHINS DR., BOX 2681 GRAND CAYMAN KY1-11110001382305CAMCAP RESOURCES OFFSHORE FUND, LTDC/O SS&C FUND SERVICES (CAYMAN) LTD 45 MARKET ST., STE. 3205, 2ND FL CAMANA BAY, GRAND CAYMAN KY1-9003




A. von Metzsch  Roland on the Web
Persons related to A. von Metzsch  Roland - CamCap Energy, L.P.NamePositionCityvon Metzsch  ErnstManchesterCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aManchesterCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aSan FranciscoCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aSan Franciscon/a  CamCap Energy Partners, LLCSan Franciscon/a  CamCap Energy Partners, LLCSan Franciscon/a  CamCap Energy Partners, LLCManchestervon Metzsch  RolandSan Franciscovon Metzsch  RolandSan FranciscoPersons related to A. von Metzsch  Roland - CamCap Resources, L.P.NamePositionCityvon Metzsch  ErnstManchesterCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aManchesterCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aSan FranciscoCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aSan Franciscon/a  CamCap Resources Partners, LLCSan Franciscon/a  CamCap Resources Partners, LLCSan Franciscon/a  CamCap Resources Partners, LLCManchestervon Metzsch  RolandSan Franciscovon Metzsch  RolandSan FranciscoPersons related to A. von Metzsch  Roland - CAMCAP ENERGY OFFSHORE FUND, LTD.NamePositionCityBREE  DAVIDGrand CaymanBree  DavidGrand Caymanvon Metzsch  ErnstManchestervon Metzsch  ErnstManchesterCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aManchesterCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aSan FranciscoCambrian Capital Limited Partnership  n/aSan Franciscovon Metzsch  RolandSan Franciscovon Metzsch  RolandSan FranciscoGuilfoyle  RonanGrand CaymanGuilfoyle  RonanGrand CaymanPersons related to A. von Metzsch  Roland - CAMCAP RESOURCES OFFSHORE FUND, LTDNamePositionCityBREE  DAVIDGrand CaymanBree  DavidGrand CaymanBree  DavidGrand Caymanvon Metzsch  ErnstManchesterFaltysova  IvanaGrand CaymanCambrian Capital Limiited Partnership  n/aSan FranciscoCambrian Capital Limiited Partnership  n/aSan FranciscoCambrian Capital Limiited Partnership  n/aManchestervon Metzsch  RolandSan Franciscovon Metzsch  RolandSan FranciscoGuilfoyle  RonanGrand CaymanGuilfoyle  RonanGrand Cayman




Other people with surname von Metzschvon Metzsch  Ernst, von Metzsch  Ernst, von Metzsch  Ernst, von Metzsch  Ernst








 








Ernst H. von Metzsch










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











Ernst H. von MetzschBorn: c. 1940Gender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteSexual orientation: StraightOccupation: BusinessNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: Manager of Wellington Fund, 1995-2002Former manager of the high-profile Vanguard's Wellington Fund, 1995-2002. He assumed control of the fund when the former manager, Vincent Bajakian, was killed in an airplane crash. Wellington is the first mutual fund by any modern definition, founded 1928 by Walter L. Morgan.Wife: Martha J. von MetzschSon: Roland Alexander von Metzsch    Cambrian Capital Managing Partner
    Wellington Management Company Partner, later Senior VP (1979-2002)
    Member of the Board of Amerada Hess (2003-)





New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


Ernst H. von Metzsch


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPEREFFErnst H. von MetzschRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican BusinessHelix Fossil







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











The Home of Christine & Roland von Metzsch - Piedmont Education Foundation
































































































 










 


















The Home of Christine & Roland von Metzsch






The Home of Christine & Roland von Metzsch

By PEF webmaster

			Posted January 6, 2016

 In 


  0





 

   				Loading Map....   			



The Home of Christine & Roland von Metzsch
125 Wildwood Gardens
Piedmont, 




37.8187349
-122.227799



Address
	125 Wildwood Gardens
	Piedmont



	United States


Upcoming Events
No events in this location











 

Piedmont Education Foundation PO Box 11192
Piedmont, CA 94611
510-653-1816
info@piedmontedfoundation.org
Registered 501(c)3 Tax ID#94-6426176


Our Mission Our mission is to promote academic excellence, champion innovation, and provide sustained financial support to the Piedmont Unified School District.


Connect with PEFWebsite by MIGHTYminnow
Photos by Jennifer Fox
and Jean Jarvis
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2015
Sitemap | Privacy Policy

















