




EP Holdings, Inc. : GorillaDrive Mini USB














GorillaDrive Mini USB



 Impact Resistant
 Extreme Conditions
 Water Resistant

The GorillaDrive™ Mini takes external USB flash drives to the next rugged level with its compact size. Made from the same durable silicon compound as the original GorillaDrive, it can take on the trials of everyday life. The durability of GorillaDrive Mini enables it to be pressure / impact, heat and water-resistant. Store and transfer files from work, school or at home with confidence that they will make the journey.
Features:

Extreme Durability: Impact, Cold, Heat & Water Resistant
Made from anti-shock and anti-scratch TPU material
Loop attachment with the capability to secure the cap when drive is in use (lanyard not included)
USB 2.0 High Speed Interface
True Plug-and-Play connection for hot swap function
Compatible: Windows® 10, 8, 7; Mac OS X®; Gaming Consoles**
Size: 1.63” x .67” x .39” / 0.20 oz
Brochure (PDF) 
Capacity Chart
Backed by: Two (2) Year Warranty

Available Capacities:

8GB Black : EP-GDMUSB/8GB
16GB Black : EP-GDMUSB/16GB
32GB Black : EP-GDMUSB/32GB
64GB Black : EP-GDMUSB/64GB
8GB Green : EP-GDMUSBG/8GB
16GB Green : EP-GDMUSBG/16GB
32GB Green : EP-GDMUSBG/32GB
64GB Green : EP-GDMUSBG/64GB

Additional Information:


 Specifications
 Photos







Host Interface


USB 2.0 (Compatible with USB 1.1)
                Universal Serial Bus 2.0/1.1 (USB2.0/1.1), UHCI (Universal Host Controller Interface)


Supported Operating Systems


Windows® 10, 8, 7; Mac OS X®; Gaming Consoles (XBOX 360® & PS3™)


Environment


Impact Resistant:
Up to (TBD) PSI


Heat Resistant:
Up to 225°F


Water Resistant:
Up to 65 Feet


Miscellaneous


Dimensions
1.63” (41.5 mm) x .67” (17 mm) x .39” (10 mm)


Weight
.20 oz


Software Installation
None - USB Plug and Play Technology


Uninstall Procedures
None - Simply Unplug USB Flash Drive




          	* For All Flash Media Devices, 1 megabyte = 1 million bytes; 1 gigabyte = 1 billion bytes. Actual useable capacity may vary. Some of the listed capacity is used for formatting and other functions, and thus is not available for data storage. More Information...
			** XBOX 360® & PS3™


To view larger images of this product, click on one of the below links.

EP-GDMUSB/8GB : Photo 
EP-GDMUSB/16GB : Photo 
EP-GDMUSB/32GB : Photo 
EP-GDMUSB/64GB : Photo 
EP-GDMUSBG/8GB : Photo 
EP-GDMUSBG/16GB : Photo 
EP-GDMUSBG/32GB : Photo 
EP-GDMUSBG/64GB : Photo 






Home
Products
USB Flash Drives
GorillaDrive Mini



   
      Copyright © 2017 EP Holdings, Inc. // All Rights Reserved.











FUJI OIL HOLDINGS INC. | Products



















中文
日本語










Corporate Information
Products
Research & Development
Investor Relations
CSR Activities
News Release


Contact Us


中文
日本語









Home > Products


Products








Fuji Oil Group develops, produces, and sells a range of food ingredients.We help you to enjoy delicious food in all areas of life.



Oils and Fats



Specialty fatsHard Butters for Chocolate
Specialty fatsConfectionary Oils & Fats
Frying and Spraying Oils
Fats for Frozen Confectionery
Emulsified Oils & Fats, Powdered Oils & Fats, Lubricating/Releasing Oils





Confectionery and Bakery Ingredients



Chocolate

Couverture Chocolate
Coating Chocolate, Glazed Chocolate
Ganache
Molded Chocolate
Chocolate for Ice Cream Coating
Baking Chocolate
Non-Tempering Chocolate



Whipping Cream, Margarine, Fillings...

Whipping Cream
Confectionery Margarine
Baking Margarine
Fillings
Fresh Cheese-Flavor Ingredients
Matured Cheese-Flavor Ingredients
Frozen Pie and Cookie Dough
Béchamel Sauce Base, White Sauce






Soy Protein



Soy Protein Isolate
Textured Soy Protein
USS Soy Milk Products
Soy Milk
Soluble Soy Polysaccharides
Soy Peptide
Soy Ingredients
Soy Processing Food Products






FUJI OIL CO., LTD. - Products
FUJI OIL ASIA PTE. LTD. - Products
   
          * In Asia, the products are marketed under the “VIVO” brand.





Products

Oils and Fats
Confectionery and Bakery Ingredients

Chocolate
Whipping Cream, Margarine, Fillings...

Soy Protein












Site Map | 
Relation Links | 
Privacy Policy | 
Terms of Use













EP Holdings, Inc. : Customer Support














Customer Support

For questions or comments regarding support issues of EP products, contact us by phone or by email.

			    Toll-free phone support is available Monday through Friday between the hours of 9:00AM and 4:00PM (PST). Email inquiries will be answered in the order in which they were received. If an email inquiry is made during weekend hours, the answer will be forthcoming on the next business day.

			    Before contacting customer support, please review the Frequently Asked Questions for possible solutions.

 : customer_support@epholdingsinc.com
 : (949) 713.4600
 : (949) 713.4601



Home
Support
Customer Support



   
      Copyright © 2017 EP Holdings, Inc. // All Rights Reserved.












EP Holdings, Inc. : Contact














Contact Information

United States Headquarters  (Supporting North America)
EP Holdings, Inc.
              30442 Esperanza
          Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688
For general questions or comments about EP Holdings, Inc., contact us by phone or fax.

 : (888) 306.5825 / (949) 713.4600
 : (949) 713.4601

Sales:
For questions or comments regarding the sales of EP Holdings, Inc.

 : sales@epholdingsinc.com
 : (888) 306.5825 / (949) 713.4600
 : (949) 713.4601

Customer Support:
For questions or comments regarding general Customer Service issues or EP Holdings, Inc.

 : customer_support@epholdingsinc.com
 : (949) 713.4600
 : (949) 713.4601

Technical Support:
For questions or comments regarding the Technical Support of EP Holdings, Inc.

 : tech_support@epholdingsinc.com
 : (949) 713.4600
 : (949) 713.4601

Home
Contact



   
      Copyright © 2017 EP Holdings, Inc. // All Rights Reserved.












EP Holdings, Inc. : Products



















 
 
 


PreviousNext








GorillaDrive USB 3.0




Secret Life of Pets




GorillaDrive Cables




GD Power Banks



EP Holdings, Inc.
 At EP Holdings, Inc., we  have over 50 years combined experience in the USB flash drive and memory DRAM market and is a leading supplier of memory solutions to consumers and resellers.
Our main mission is to bring quality products with experienced and expert advice to our customers. All EP products are quality tested for performance, 100% compatibility and are backed by a warranty.




Home



   
      Copyright © 2017 EP Holdings, Inc. // All Rights Reserved.












EP Holdings, Inc. : Frequently Asked Questions














Support : Frequently Asked Questions

USB Flash Drives
Q: Why can't I have access to the advertised capacity of the USB Flash drive?
Q: How do I format the USB Flash drive?
Q: How do I protect a USB Flash drive with a password (Mac OS)?
Q: Why won't a drive letter show up in Windows XP for my USB Drive under "My Computer"?
Q: I have multiple USB ports in my computer, which port should I plug my USB Drive into?
Q: Why does my Portable Vault software appear as a Trial Version with a 200KB Limit?
Q: How do I convert my USB flash drive to a NTFS format?
Memory Upgrades
Q: How do I install memory into my desktop computer?
Q: How do I install memory into laptop computer?

USB Flash Drives FAQs

Q: Why can't I have access to the advertised capacity of the USB Flash drive?
A:   Your USB Drive will have a smaller true capacity versus the advertised or marketing capacity due to the historical definitions of GB and MB, as well as Memory Management and Partition Accounting information utilizing some of the true capacity of your USB Drive. This discrepancy does not only apply to Flash Drives, but standard hard drives as well. Memory Management utilizes about 64KB out of every 1MB. The larger the card the larger the amount reserved. The following table shows the advertised capacity vs. the average true capacity.



Advertised Capacity
Average True Capacity


64MB
61.2MB


128MB
120MB


256MB
241MB


512MB
495MB


1GB
984MB


2GB
1.91GB


4GB
3.82GB


8GB
7.59GB


16GB
15.1GB


32GB
30GB


Marketing or Advertised Capacity vs. True Capacity (Information provided by: wikipedia.org)

It is important to note that hard drive manufacturers often use metric definition of the prefixes "giga" and "mega." However, nearly all operating system utilities report capacities using binary definitions for the prefixes. This is largely historical, since when storage capacities started to exceed thousands of bytes, there were no standard binary prefixes (the IEC only standardized binary prefixes in 1999), so 210 (1024) bytes was called a kilobyte because 1024 is "close enough" to the metric prefix kilo, which is defined as 103 or 1000. This trend became habit and continued to be applied to the prefixes " mega," "giga," and even "tera." Obviously the discrepancy becomes much more noticeable in reported capacities in the multiple gigabyte range, and users will often notice that the volume capacity reported by their OS is significantly less than that advertised by the hard drive manufacturer. For example, a drive advertised as 200 GB can be expected to store close to 200 x 109, or 200 billion, bytes. This uses the proper SI definition of "giga," 109 and cannot be considered as incorrect. Since utilities provided by the operating system probably define a Gigabyte as 230, or 1073741824, bytes, the reported capacity of the drive will be closer to 186.26 GB (actually, GiB), a difference of well over ten gigabytes. For this very reason, many utilities that report capacity have begun to use the aforementioned IEC standard binary prefixes (e.g. KiB, MiB, GiB) since their definitions are not ambiguous.

			Another side point is that many people mistakenly attribute the discrepancy in reported and advertised capacities to reserved space used for file system and partition accounting information. However, for large (several GiB) file systems, this data rarely occupies more than several MiB, and therefore cannot possibly account for the apparent "loss" of tens of GBs.

Q: How do I format the USB Flash drive?
A:   To format the USB Flash Drive, use the following steps for your computer's operating system.
Important: If you have any files you want to save, be sure to copy them to another disk before you erase the disk they are on.
Windows

Close any open applications, including anti-virus software,  that may interrupt the format process.
Double-click on the "My Computer" icon on the desktop.
Right-click on the "Removable Disk" icon with the drive letter assigned to your Mobile Mini or Mini Flash Drive.
With a Right-click, Select "Format" from the drop-down menu that appears. 
Optional: Type in a name in "Volume label" if you have more than one USB Flash Drive and prefer to assign names to differentiate them.
Click on "Start" button. A warning notice appears that all data will be erased. Click "OK" button. The formatting will only take a few seconds, and a "Format Complete" notice will appear when the formatting is done. 
Your USB Mobile Mini or Mini Flash Drive should be recognized by your system at this point. You can return to using your drive as before.

Mac OS X

Close any open applications, including anti-virus software, that may interrupt the format process.
Open your "Applications" folder and then open your "Utilities folder.
Double-click on "Disk Utility".
Select the disk or volume in the sidebar, then click the "Erase" button. 
Click the Format pop-up menu, then choose a volume format.

Mac OS Extended (Journaled): Uses the Mac format (Journaled HFS Plus) to protect the integrity of the hierarchical file system.
Mac OS Extended (Journaled, Encrypted): Uses the Mac format, requires a password, and encrypts the partition.
Mac OS Extended (Case-sensitive, Journaled): Uses the Mac format and is case sensitive to folder names. For example, folders named “Homework” and “HOMEWORK” are two different folders.
Mac OS Extended (Case-sensitive, Journaled, Encrypted): Uses the Mac format, is case sensitive to folder names, requires a password, and encrypts the partition.
MS-DOS (FAT): Use for Windows volumes that are 32 GB or less.
ExFAT: Use for Windows volumes that are over 32 GB.

Enter a name for the disk or volume.
To prevent the erased files from being recovered, click "Security Options", use the slider to choose how many times to write over the erased data, then click "OK".
	  Writing over the data three times meets the U.S. Department of Energy standard for securely erasing magnetic media. Writing over the data seven times meets the U.S. Department of Defense 5220-22-M standard.
Click "Erase", then click "Done".

Q: How do I protect a USB Flash drive with a password (Mac OS)?
A:   To protect a USB Flash drive with a password (Mac OS), use the following steps.
When you format an external volume, you can encrypt and protect the volume with a password. If you encrypt an external device, you must enter the password when you connect the device to your computer.
To encrypt and protect the volume with a password using Disk Utility, you must erase the volume first. If the volume contains files you want to save, be sure to copy them to another volume.
Important: You can encrypt your data without erasing it by turning on FileVault in the Security & Privacy pane of System Preferences. You can also encrypt a disk and protect it with a password without erasing it by Control-clicking the disk in the Finder and choosing “Encrypt [disk name].”

Close any open applications, including anti-virus software, that may interrupt the format process.
Open your "Applications" folder and then open your "Utilities folder.
Double-click on "Disk Utility".
Select the disk or volume in the sidebar, then click the "Erase" button. If you’re protecting an external volume, make sure it’s connected to your computer.
Enter a name for the volume.
Click the Format pop-up menu, then choose Mac OS Extended (Journaled, Encrypted).
Enter a password when prompted.
To prevent the erased files from being recovered, click Security Options, use the slider to choose how many times to write over the erased data, then click OK.
	  Writing over the data three times meets the U.S. Department of Energy standard for securely erasing magnetic media. Writing over the data seven times meets the U.S. Department of Defense 5220-22-M standard.
Click "Erase".

To change the password for your disk or partition, select it in the sidebar, then choose File › Change Password.

Q: Why won't a drive letter show up in Windows XP for my USB Drive under "My Computer"?
A:   If you plug in a new USB Flash Drive into your Windows XP system and it does not show up under "My Computer" with a drive letter, you may have a conflict with another drive in your system.  This tends to occur when a computer has multiple hard drives or CD/DVD drives and one of them if assigned to drive letter "H". To change the drive letter, you will need to open "Disk Management."

Click "Start", point to "Settings", click "Control Panel", double-click "Administrative Tools", and then double-click "Computer Management." In the console tree under "Storage", click "Disk Management."
Right-click the USB Flash Drive, and then click "Change Drive Letter and Path." 
To modify a drive letter, click it, click "Edit", click the drive letter you want to use, and then click "OK."
	  
		
	  Note: An error message may appear when you attempt to assign a letter to a volume, CD-ROM drive, or other removable media device, possibly because it is in use by a program in the system. If this happens, close the program accessing the volume or drive, and then click the Change Drive Letter and Path command again.
If your USB Drive does not show up under "Disk Management" and there are drives already assigned to "H", you may need to change that drive letter first.  Then plug the USB Drive back into the computer to see if it appears.  Now change the drive letter on the USB Drive and then change the original"H" drive back to an "H."
	    There is also a possibility that the desired drive letter for your USB Drive may have been turned off.  By downloading and installing a Microsoft PowerToy called TweakUI, you will be given access to system settings that are not exposed in the Windows XP default user interface, including mouse settings, Explorer settings, taskbar settings, and more. Once you have installed this application, launch it through your "Control Panel" and click on the "My Computer" tab. If your desired drive letter is unchecked, check it at this time.


Q: I have multiple USB ports in my computer, which port should I plug my USB Drive into?
A:   First, try plugging the USB Drive into the port that is most convenient for you.  If your computer does not recognize your USB Drive, it maybe due to a lack of power provided from that specific port.   USB ports located on keyboards or on the front of your computer may have insufficient power to run a USB Drive.  Try using a port on the back of your system if the USB Drive is not being recognized.


Q: Why does my Portable Vault software appear as a Trial Version with a 200KB Limit?
A:   If you have purchased a USB 2.0 Mobile Vault / Privacy Drive and the included Portable Vault file encryption software is showing as a trial version, the OEM license file may be missing.  The best way to correct this problem is to re-install the application on the USB Flash Drive by following the below instructions:

The USB Flash Drive will need to be formatted, so backup any files you may have saved to the unprotected section of the drive.
From "My Computer", locate the "Privacy Drive" icon and single-click with the right mouse button. With the left mouse button, select "Format…" and the "Format Privacy Drive" window will be viewable.
With the left mouse button, click the "Start" button then a select the "OK" button to format. Click the "OK" button once more and close the format window.
Download the re-installation application and launch the "Portable Vault Installer" application. Click the "Next" button and select "Removable Disk" click the "Next" button again.
Click the "Next" button to complete the installation and then click the "Exit" button.
Once the LED on the flash drive has finished blinking, unplug the drive from your computer.
Insert the USB flash drive back into your computer.
The software should now be returned to its original state.


Q: How do I convert my USB flash drive to a NTFS format?
A:   To convert your USB flash drive to a NTFS format, following the below instructions:

Converting to NTFS Using Convert.exe:
A partition can also be converted after Setup by using Convert.exe. For more information about Convert.exe, after completing Setup, click Start, click Run, type cmd, and then press ENTER. In the command window, type help convert, and then press ENTER.


It is easy to convert partitions to NTFS. The Setup program makes conversion easy, whether your partitions used FAT, FAT32, or the older version of NTFS. This kind of conversion keeps your files intact (unlike formatting a partition).

To find out more information about Convert.exe:

After completing Setup, click Start, click Run, type cmd, and then press ENTER.
In the command window, type help convert and then press ENTER. Information about converting FAT volumes to NTFS is made available.

To convert a volume to NTFS from the command prompt:

Open Command Prompt. Click Start, point to All Programs, point to Accessories, and then click Command Prompt.
In the command prompt window, type: convert drive_letter: /fs:ntfs

 For example, typing convert D: /fs:ntfs would format drive D: with the ntfs format. You can convert FAT or FAT32 volumes to NTFS with this command.


Important:
Once you convert a drive or partition to NTFS, you cannot simply convert it back to FAT or FAT32. You will need to reformat the drive or partition which will erase all data, including programs and personal files, on the partition.

For more information about NTFS, see: www.microsoft.com.


Memory Upgrades FAQs
Q: How do I install memory into my desktop computer?
A: Note: The following instructions provide general installation and handling information for memory upgrades. These instructions are to be used in conjunction with your specific owner's manual.

Turn computer off and disconnect the AC power cord if plugged in or installed.
Locate the computer's memory expansion slot by following the instructions in its owner's manual.
Before touching any electronic components, make sure you first touch an unpainted, grounded metal object to discharge any static electricity stored on your clothing or body.


   
 If all the slots are full, you will need to remove smaller capacity modules to allow room for higher capacity modules.  To remove a module, locate the retaining clips on the sides of the expansion slot.  Gently pull both clips away from the module, and then lift the module out of its expansion slot. 
Insert the module, lead first, into an available expansion slot. Note how the module is keyed to the slot. This ensures the module can only be inserted into the slot one way.  Depending on the type of memory specified for your system, the number of keys may differ from the below illustration. Firmly press the module into position and making certain that the module is completely seated. The retaining clips will automatically snap into the locked position.

Note: For most installations, the memory modules can be installed in any combination. However, there are some computers that require a specific installation sequence. See you system's owner's manual for more details.
Repeat this procedure for any additional modules you are installing.
If you have removed any parts of the system to access the memory expansion slot or slots, return then to their original positions at this time.
Replace the AC power supply and any other cables you may have disconnected.
Turn the computer on and follow the instructions in your computer's owner's manual for any steps required for your computer to recognize the newly installed memory. 


Q: How do I install memory into laptop computer?
A: Note: The following instructions provide general installation and handling information for memory upgrades. These instructions are to be used in conjunction with your specific owner’s manual.

Turn computer off and disconnect the AC power cord and battery pack if plugged in or installed.
Locate the computer's memory expansion slot by following the instructions in its owner's manual.
Before touching any electronic components, make sure you first touch an unpainted, grounded metal object to discharge any static electricity stored on your clothing or body.
If all the slots are full, you will need to remove smaller capacity modules to allow room for higher capacity modules.  To remove a module, locate the retaining clips on the sides of the expansion slot.  Gently pull both clips away from the module, and then lift the module out of its expansion slot. 
Insert the module, lead first, into an available expansion slot. Note how the module is keyed to the slot. This ensures the module can only be inserted into the slot one way.  Depending on the type of memory specified for your system, the number of keys may differ from the below illustration. Insert the module into the slot at a slight (approx. 30°) angle and then push it down until it clicks into place. Note: For most installations, the memory modules can be installed in any combination. However, there are some computers that require a specific installation sequence. See you system's owner's manual for more details.
Repeat this procedure for any additional modules you are installing.
If you have removed any parts of the system to access the memory expansion slot or slots, return then to their original positions at this time.
Replace the AC power supply, battery and any other cables you may have disconnected.
Turn the computer on and follow the instructions in your computer's owner's manual for any steps required for your computer to recognize the newly installed memory. 



Home
Support
FAQs



   
      Copyright © 2017 EP Holdings, Inc. // All Rights Reserved.


















 




Safety Products Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:40 PM ET
Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods

Company Overview of Safety Products Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Safety Products Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and markets personal protection equipment for workers in the United States, Canada, and Europe. The company operates through three segments: General Safety and Preparedness, Fire Service, and Electrical Safety. The General Safety and Preparedness segment offers respiratory protection, protective footwear, hand protection, eye, head face protection, first aid, hearing protection, and fall protection products to manufacturing, agriculture, construction, food processing, pharmaceutical, and automotive industries, as well as to military. This segment sells its products primarily through industrial distributors under...
Safety Products Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and markets personal protection equipment for workers in the United States, Canada, and Europe. The company operates through three segments: General Safety and Preparedness, Fire Service, and Electrical Safety. The General Safety and Preparedness segment offers respiratory protection, protective footwear, hand protection, eye, head face protection, first aid, hearing protection, and fall protection products to manufacturing, agriculture, construction, food processing, pharmaceutical, and automotive industries, as well as to military. This segment sells its products primarily through industrial distributors under North, Ranger, Servus, KCL, Fibre-Metal, and NEOS brand names. The Fire Service segment manufactures and markets turnout gear, fire boots, helmets, gloves, and other accessories for the fire service markets. This segment sells its products primarily through fire service distributors under Morning Pride, Ranger, Servus, Pro-Warrington, and American Firewear brand names. The Electrical Safety segment manufactures and markets linemen equipment, gloves, sleeves, footwear, and arc flash protection products for electrical safety markets. This segment markets its products through distributors, test labs, utilities, and electrical contractors under Salisbury, Safety Line, and Servus brand names. The company was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Oak Brook, Illinois. As of May 15, 2008, Safety Products Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Honeywell Life Safety.
Detailed Description


2001 Spring RoadSuite 425Oak Brook, IL 60523United StatesFounded in 20053,055 Employees



Phone: 630-572-5715

Fax: 630-572-8518








Key Executives for Safety Products Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Robert A. Peterson


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. David F. Myers Jr.


      	CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, EVP, Secretary and Director
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Charles S. Ellis


      	GM - General Safety & Preparedness of Safety Products Holdings Inc
      


Age: 68
        







Mr. William Lawrence Grilliot


      	President of Fire Service
      


Age: 67
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 '47 Brand, Inc. United States 1 Atelier LLC United States 11 Pine, Inc. United States 110% Play Harder United States 12ve Degrees Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Safety Products Holdings, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























VSFT HOLDINGS INC. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











VSFT HOLDINGS INC.
List of persons related to the company VSFT HOLDINGS INC.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of VSFT HOLDINGS INC..

CIK Number: 0001688062Company address: 16192 COASTAL HWY  LEWES 19958-9776Phone number: 3026457400



People related to VSFT HOLDINGS INC.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryKorff  Alexanderc/o ValidSoft 35 New Broad StreetLondonUnited KingdomCarroll  Patrickc/o ValidSoft 35 New Broad StreetLondonUnited Kingdom




VSFT HOLDINGS INC. on the Web












 








Railmark Holdings Inc. | New Products







New Products 

About Railmark
Contact Us
Locations
Rail Products
Employment






Operating Locations
Railroad Operations
Rail Logistics
Railcar Services
Track Construction& Maintenance
International Operations
Rail Development
Rail Products




Join Our E-newsletter List
Email:  








Railmark Foundation









 





 



RAILMARK PRODUCTS
EFFICIENT & SAFE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

RAIL LUBRICANTS



BIOBASED RAILROAD LUBRICANTS
Safe for your railroad - Safe for the environment



Premium quality biobased switch lubricants, biobased hydraulic oils and biobased top of rail lubricants, exceeding in performance to any others on the market today - providing superior lubricity resulting in less friction which means less heat and less wear, all while being environmentally safe.

PRODUCT INFORMATION

Biobased Lubricants Product Descriptions
Railmark Top of Rail Friction Modifier
Railmark Solid Stick Lubricants
Product Pricing Sheet
Product Applicators - Switch Lubricants, Manual Application


PRODUCT DATA SHEETS

Product Data Sheet - UNIVERSAL SWITCH LUBRICANT (#12030 - #12032)
Product Data Sheet - FRIGID CLIMATE SWITCH LUBRICANT (#12040 - #12042)
Product Data Sheet - BIOBASED HYDRAULIC OIL, ISO 32 (#12050)
Product Data Sheet - BIOBASED HYDRAULIC OIL, ISO 46 (#12055)
Product Data Sheet - UNIVERSAL TRACTOR HYDRAULIC FLUID (#12060)
Product Data Sheet - SOLID STICK LUBRICANTS (#12080)
Product Data Sheet - TOP OF RAIL FRICTION MODIFIER (#12091 - #12092)





RAILROAD EQUIPMENT HEATING PRODUCTS




To make cold weather railroading easier, Railmark offers a new and modern carbon fiber heating technology which is safer for the environment.  This technology converts 95+% input energy to heat, reducing power requirements.  Railmark offers this new heating technology to the railroad industry for Signals, Industrial Switch Heating, Locomotive Heating, Passenger Car Systems and Tank Car Heating.

PRODUCT LIST


SIGNAL SYSTEM HEATING PRODUCTS

RH1000 Gate Mechanism Box Heater, 110 Volt 
RH1001 Gate Mechanism Box Heater,   24 Volt
RH1002 Signal Cabinet Heater, 12"x24"
RH1003 Signal Cabinet Heater, 12"x38.5"




LOCOMOTIVE HEATING PRODUCTS

RH2000 LPS Heating Panel, GE AC4400 Loco
RH2001 LPS Heating Panel, GE AC6000 Loco
RH2002 Locomotive Heated Seat Products
RH2003 Locomotive Horn Heat Unit
RH2004 Locomotive Battery Heat Covers




RAILCAR HEATING PRODUCTS

RH3000 Tank Car Heat Cover (Pre Unloading)
RH3001 Pass Car Water Pipe Heat Wraps
RH3002 Pass Car Water Tank Heat Covers
RH3003 Passenger Car Heated Seat Products
RH3004 Passenger Car Wall Heating Products




RAILheat™ PRODUCT FEATURES

Custom designed for any application.
Carbon fiber technology environmentally safe.
Converts 95+% input energy into heat.
50,000 hour life; no noise; does not dry air.
Functions in cold temperatures 32F to -58F.
Silicon encased power cables; lightweight.
No emissions - CO2, Dust or Magnetic Waves.





PASSENGER CAR REPLACEMENT PARTS


Ralmark Railcar Services is a "Manufacturer's Representative" for KOR-PAC railcar products.

Passenger Car Replacement Parts List





 





 





Home  |  
  About Railmark  |  
  Contact Us  |  
  News Releases  |  
  Employment  |  
  Locations  |  
  Rail Products

© 1997-2017; All rights reserved by Railmark Holdings Inc.









































		Products | 		Jakeco Holdings Inc.
	


















Products





All Products
Agriculture
Mining/Minerals
Commercial/Retail
Animal





Polywoven Bags



BOPP



Tote Bags



Container Liners



Bulkheads



Paper Bags



Paper Poly



Pallets



Liners



Pallet Covers



Mesh Bags



Sample Bags



Stretch Wrap



Plastic Packaging



High Security Seals



Shopping Totes



Pouches



UN Totes







Request a Quote

			Have one of the specialists at Jakeco contact you to 
			find the right solution for your packaging needs!
		


























 Submit Request



















Safety Technology | A Science & Technology Company



























Skip to main content







 








Home
ABOUT USOur Story
History

STRATEGYOverview
Acquisition Criteria

Our Companies
Our Team
News
Contact
 











 
 
 



WELCOME TO SAFETY TECHNOLOGY
LEVERAGING TECHNOLOGY. IMPROVING SAFETY.















Welcome to Safety Technology Holdings, a science and technology company.
















About Us
Safety Technology Holdings, Inc. is a global leader in providing mission-critical safety test and measurement solutions. Find out more →










News
As we harness the best of today's technology, read about newest developments at Safety Technology. Find out more →










Our Companies
We are building a portfolio of high-quality businesses with top caliber executives and management teams. Find out more →













© 2014 Safety Technology Holdings, Inc.






 info@stholdingsinc.com












Safety Products Holdings, Inc.                                                                                           - Oak Brook                                         , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Oak Brook



Rubber and Plastics Footwear



Manufacturing - Protective Footwear, Rubber Or Plastic



                            Safety Products Holdings, Inc.
                                    



 





















S 


Safety Products Holdings, Inc.                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2001 SPRING RD STE 400 OAK BROOK, IL 60523
Get Directions



(630) 572-5715
 





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated DE
 Annual Revenue $228,869,740.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Manufacturing - Protective Footwear, Rubber Or Plastic
 Contacts Robert A Peterson                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005, Safety Products Holdings, Inc.                                                                                           has been providing Manufacturing - Protective Footwear, Rubber Or Plastic from Oak Brook. Safety Products Holdings, Inc.                                                                                           is incorporated in Delaware. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















VALIDSOFT UK LIMITED - Charges (free information from Companies House)













































Skip to main content








            Companies House
          









BETA
This is a trial service — your feedback(link opens a new window) will help us to improve it.



Sign in / Register



Search for companies or officers



Search for a company or officer

Search
Please press ENTER to search
 
 







VALIDSOFT UK LIMITED

            Company number
            04023940



Follow this company
                    
File for this company
                          



 
 



Company Overview for VALIDSOFT UK LIMITED (04023940)


Filing history for VALIDSOFT UK LIMITED (04023940)


People for VALIDSOFT UK LIMITED (04023940)


 Charges for VALIDSOFT UK LIMITED (04023940)

 




Filter charges

Filter charges


                                Outstanding / part satisfied
                        





4 charges registered

                2 outstanding, 2 satisfied, 0 part satisfied
            




Charge code 0402 3940 0004



Created
23 February 2017


Delivered
1 March 2017


Status

                        Outstanding
                    



Persons entitled

Vsft Holdings, Inc

Brief description
The patents listed in schedule 2 of the debenture and all…




Charge code 0402 3940 0003



Created
31 December 2016


Delivered
5 January 2017


Status

                        Outstanding
                    



Persons entitled

Vsft Holdings Inc

Brief description
The intellectual property of the company, including UK…




Debenture



Created
21 May 2012


Delivered
25 May 2012


Status

                        Satisfied
                            on 7 January 2015
                    



Persons entitled

Jgb Collateral Llc, as Collateral Agent for Itself and the Other Secured Parties (The "Agent")

Short particulars
Fixed and floating charge over the undertaking and all…




Security agreement executed outside the united kingdom over property situated there



Created
30 March 2012


Delivered
11 April 2012


Status

                        Satisfied
                            on 19 January 2015
                    



Persons entitled

Jgb Collateral Llc

Short particulars
All of the accounts, books, chattel paper, deposit…






 


Is there anything wrong with this page?

Thank you, your submission has been accepted





Help us improve the Companies House service

Your submission has not been successful, please try again


Is there anything wrong with this page?

What is wrong with this page?
For example, information is missing or incorrect.



What is your name? (optional) 



What is your email address? (optional) 



















