










 







VTC Innovation Fund, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Horner  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









VTC Innovation Fund, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1100 Vermont Avenue Nw, Suite 450  
    Washington, DC, 20005Phone: (202) 420-7890 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-18


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Scott Horner 
 Executive 


 N/A Middleland Ag Capital Partners, Llc 
 Promoter 


 Brian Mixer 
 Executive 


 N/A Vtc Innovation Fund Gp, Llc 
 Director 












VTC Innovation Fund, LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











VTC Innovation Fund, LP  Funding details


VTC Innovation Fund, LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001688413Address: 1100 VERMONT AVENUE NW, SUITE 450  WASHINGTON 20005Phone number: (202) 420-7890



VTC Innovation Fund, LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-18New Form D$15,000,000Yet To Sell$15,000,000$0006b 3C 3C.1 3C.7[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of VTC Innovation Fund, LP
Key People in VTC Innovation Fund, LP:

N/A VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLCBRIAN MIXERSCOTT HORNERN/A MIDDLELAND AG CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC








Last visited companies: Hubbert Peak Partners, L.P., Huntington Partners, LLLP, IRONWOOD INTERNATIONAL LTD, IRONWOOD INSTITUTIONAL LTD, ITEAM IT INC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















N/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











N/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to N/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLC. Find out N/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLC address and contact details. View other people related to N/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

1100 VERMONT AVENUE NW, SUITE 450  WASHINGTON 20005 DC




Companies related to N/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001688413VTC Innovation Fund, LP1100 VERMONT AVENUE NW, SUITE 450  WASHINGTON 20005




N/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLC on the Web
Persons related to N/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLC - VTC Innovation Fund, LPNamePositionCityMIXER  BRIANWASHINGTONN/A  MIDDLELAND AG CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLCWASHINGTONHORNER  SCOTTWASHINGTONN/A  VTC INNOVATION FUND GP, LLCWASHINGTON












 











SEC Info - VTC Innovation Fund, LP - Filings










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In



VTC Innovation Fund, LP    SEC # 1688413






    Click to view...      Registrant      About      Filings      Files      Relationships      Names      Topics      Web       


1  SEC Filing  on  11/18/16

E-Mail:    Send me notifications of all future filings involving VTC Innovation Fund, LP 
Most-Recent:   D — Notice of an Offering of Securities Made Without Registration — Form D — as Filer 
All:    filed as:    Filer    “Owner”    “Issuer”    Filing Agent 




  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
Documents & Exhibits  as  Filer or “Owner” Last Filing  Type   Description Documents    11/18/16DRegistrations:  Notice of an Offering of Securities Made Without Registration — Form D1No Documents  as  Subject Company or “Issuer”↑Top
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 03:40:20.0 GMT 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















        VTC : Employer Identification Number Registry

































































Tweet



Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  V  VTC









                    VTC : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



952690539 - VTC ENTERPRISESBusiness Address: PO BOX 1187, SANTA MARIA, CA, 93456-1187Mailing Address: Not on file952690539 - Vtc EnterprisesBusiness Address: , Santa Maria, CAMailing Address: Not on file952690539 - VTC ENTERPRISESBusiness Address: 2445 A STREET, SANTA MARIA, CA, 93455Mailing Address: P.O. BOX 1187, SANTA MARIA, CA, 93455743046425 - VTC, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: 7226 LEE DEFOREST DR., SUITE 104, COLUMBIA, MD, 743046425 - VTC, LLCBusiness Address: 7226 LEE DEFOREST DR., SUITE 104, COLUMBIA, MD, 21046Mailing Address: Not on file952690539 - VTC ENTERPRISESBusiness Address: P.O. BOX 1187, SANTA MARIA, CA, 93456Mailing Address: P.O. BOX 1187, SANTA MARIA, CA, 93456743046425 - VTC, LLC DBA TOTAL SITE SOLUTIONS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 7226 LEE DEFOREST DRIVE, SUITE 104, COLUMBIA, MD, 952690539 - VTC ENTERPRISESBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file952690539 - VTC ENTERPRISESBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file952690539 - VTC ENTERPRISES COMMERCIALBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file952690539 - VTC ENTERPRISESBusiness Address: 2445 A ST, SANTA MARIA, CA, 93455-1401Mailing Address: Not on file000000000 - VTC Innovation Fund, LPBusiness Address: 1100 VERMONT AVENUE NW, SUITE 450, WASHINGTON, DC, 20005Mailing Address: 1100 VERMONT AVENUE NW, SUITE 450, WASHINGTON, DC, 20005






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Virginia Tech Foundation, Carilion Clinic Form New VTC Innovation Fund | The Roanoke Star































































 



















 








Home
News
Columnists
Sports
Arts & Culture
Business
Commentary
 


 








Search













 


71.6
F


Roanoke





                Friday, July 28, 2017
            

Subscribe
Weekly News Signup
About Us
Advertise With Us!





















The Roanoke Star





 















Home
News
Columnists
Sports
Arts & Culture
Business
Commentary























 










News

Virginia Tech Foundation, Carilion Clinic Form New VTC Innovation Fund

February 28, 2017 




Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter





The VTC Innovation Fund is the latest collaborative effort in the expanding partnership between Carilion Clinic and Virginia Tech, who together in 2016 announced the expansion of the Virginia Tech Carilion Research Institute and the creation of the Virginia Tech Carilion Health Sciences and Technology Campus in the Roanoke Innovation Corridor.
The Virginia Tech Foundation and Carilion Clinic has announced the formation of a $15 million VTC Innovation Fund focused on investing in life sciences and disruptive technology opportunities. The private fund will support late-seed and growth-stage companies in efforts to commercialize groundbreaking science and research as well as innovative products and solutions.



“The fund will invest in promising new companies and bring innovations to the marketplace,” said John Dooley, chief executive officer of the Virginia Tech Foundation. “It aims to help commercialize viable life sciences or accelerate general technology assets and attract corporate or venture capital. The investments may lead to real-world applications for the high-quality research coming out of Virginia Tech, Carilion Clinic, and other sources with strong connections to the Commonwealth of Virginia.”
Many of the companies will be within 150 miles of Roanoke or have a strong connection to Virginia Tech or Carilion Clinic.
“We have extremely gifted faculty and students,” said Virginia Tech President Tim Sands. “By providing opportunities for our own startup companies to take their ideas into the marketplace, we are helping fulfill our land-grant mission to transfer technology and economic opportunity to the people of Virginia and the world. Some of the most innovative ideas in science and technology are being developed at Virginia Tech, many in collaboration with Carilion Clinic.”
The VTC Innovation Fund is the latest collaborative effort in the expanding partnership between Carilion Clinic and Virginia Tech, who together in 2016 announced the expansion of  the Virginia Tech Carilion Research Institute and the creation of the  Virginia Tech Carilion Health Sciences and Technology Campus in the Roanoke Innovation Corridor.
“We know how important our efforts are to our region’s future and we take that responsibility very seriously,” said Carilion Clinic President and Chief Executive Officer Nancy Howell Agee. “As we move forward, we want to make sure infrastructure is in place to make game-changing new achievements in health, medicine, and technology.”
The VTC Innovation Fund is managed by Middleland Capital, a private investment firm based in Washington, D.C., that focuses on venture-stage opportunities across multiple sectors.
Dooley said the fund’s objectives are complemented by the firm’s familiarity with life sciences. The foundation and Carilion Clinic worked with Middleland Capital Managing Director Scott Horner, who has extensive venture capital investing experience, to set up the fund.
Horner has been based in the Roanoke region since 2008 and has worked closely with various regional investing initiatives over the past several years, including the  Innovation Blueprint, a strategic plan to build the innovation economy within the Roanoke and New River valleys.
“The region is developing an impressive portfolio of startup opportunities in life sciences and technology,” Horner said. “We want to leverage existing intellectual assets that are overlooked and take advantage of a robust syndication network to drive co-investment opportunities. We are looking to collaborate with investors throughout the region, but also use our network to access capital outside the Mid-Atlantic.”
Outside investors may include venture capital groups, strategic investors, and angel investor networks.
To support the fund, Middleland hired James Ramey as a principal and fund manager. He will serve as the primary interface to the regional entrepreneurial ecosystem and lead investment activities.
Before joining the VTC Innovation Fund, Ramey was a vice president at Tyton Partners, a leading merger and acquisitions advisory and strategy consulting firm within the education and global knowledge sectors.
In addition to practicing law at a mid-sized civil firm, Ramey’s prior experience includes a number of years as an associate and senior associate at a regional venture capital fund, Invest Nebraska. He will be based in downtown Roanoke.
“The VTC Innovation Fund is well-timed and well-positioned to take advantage of a large, fast-growing, and cutting-edge knowledge base in the region,” Ramey said. “We are excited to partner with high-caliber management teams as well as investors around the country to commercialize innovative technologies, accelerate growth, and build long-term value from a return perspective, as well as drive systemic entrepreneurial growth throughout the region.”
Growth-stage companies in a university and research environment often depend on sources of capital such as the VTC Innovation Fund to drive proven ideas from the research bench to the marketplace, according to Michael J. Friedlander, Virginia Tech’s vice president for health sciences and technology and executive director of the Virginia Tech Carilion Research Institute.
“Intellectual property is developed across Virginia Tech and in collaborative research partnerships with Carilion Clinic, such as those that occur at the VTCRI, some of which have enormous potential for commercialization in the health sciences space to help people — if it receives the right support,” Friedlander said. “Investors are needed to take the work being done in the lab to the market because you can’t use research grant money or university money for those purposes. It takes private investment capital to take an idea to the next stage and build a virtuous cycle of discovery, innovation, translation, application, and commercialization.”
The fund has a regional focus, an intended consequence of which is to expand the growing entrepreneurial ecosystem in the region, which is already being spurred by Virginia Tech or Carilion Clinic technologies.
However, the crucial element is that the companies must have strong potential to provide substantial investment returns.
“We are investing in medical technology, with the top bullet point of delivering cutting-edge products that can help people while also delivering a return on investment,” Horner said. “While the majority of the fund will focus on life science opportunities, we also have the capacity to look at other disruptive opportunities that don’t necessarily fall under that definition.”
About 60 percent of the fund will be devoted to investments within health and medical sciences — including biopharmaceuticals, pharmaceuticals, medical technology and devices, and biotechnology.
Additional investments will be made in disruptive technologies, information technology, technology-enabled services, value-added agriculture, engineering, advanced materials, and advanced chemical companies.



 

 








Tagsarea
Auto
bill turner
Blue
Budget
Business
caption
Cave Spring
Cave Spring High School
center
city
college
Council
course
Day
development
Downtown Roanoke
Draft
Education
event
family
half
home
House
life
line
North Cross
percent
person
Preacher's Corner
region
Ridge
Roanoke City
Roanoke City Council
Roanoke County
roanoke valley
Saturday
Spring
state
time
University
Valerie Garner
way
width
year
 

 
 
 











Contact Us
Email: info@theroanokestar.com
Main Office Phone: 540-400-0990      
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 8338 Roanoke VA 24014










 










                    © 2016 Whisper One Media                






























About – VTC Innovation Fund


































Skip to content




 

Home
Investment Criteria
Mission
Management
Sourcing & Syndication
Contact Us







About 



VTC Innovation Fund > About 




The VTC Innovation Fund is a venture capital fund primarily funded by Virginia Tech and Carilion Clinic. The Fund is managed by Middleland Capital with the primary goal commercializing innovative technologies, accelerating growth, and building long term value within the Virginia Tech and Carilion Clinic ecosystem by investing in early stage life sciences and high growth technology companies. Although the VTC Innovation Fund’s primary focus is in the Central and Southeast Virginia region, it may invest in high growth opportunities across the Commonwealth.



























VTC Innovation Fund – Virginia Tech Carilion Innovation Fund


































Skip to content




 

About
Investment Criteria
Mission
Management
Sourcing & Syndication
Contact Us











                                            Opportunity                                        
Contact Us 
                                            Learn More                                        



                                            Investment Criteria                                        
How We Invest 
                                            Learn More                                        



                                            Mission                                        
Goals to Achieve 
                                            Learn More                                        














About the Fund The VTC Innovation Fund is a venture capital fund primarily funded by Virginia Tech and Carilion Clinic. The Fund is managed by Middleland Capital with the primary goal of investing in rapidly growing companies to create long term value within the Virginia Tech and Carilion Clinic ecosystem. The Fund invests in early stage life sciences and high growth technology companies. Although the VTC Innovation Fund will focus on Central and Southwest Virginia, it will pursue high growth opportunities across the state of Virginia.










                                                                        Investment Criteria                                                                            

Up to $2m (tranched) late seed / series A equity or convertible debt investments in high growth companies led by superior management teams within the life science and technology sectors. 









                                                                        Sourcing & Syndication                                                                            

The Fund leverages a proprietary syndication network to maximize impact and minimize risk by co-investing with other institutional investors. 

 







                                                                        Management                                                                            

The VTC Innovation Fund is managed by Middleland Capital and supported by a top-tier advisory board with deep industry experience. 









                                                                        Mission                                                                            

The VTC Innovation Fund strives to achieve a superior rate of return on venture capital investments while contributing to the growth of Southwest and Central Virginia’s entrepreneurial ecosystem. 




 













